THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 16.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From November the 16th 1708,

In the Seventh Year of the Reign of

Queen ANNE,

TO

October the 9th 1711,

In the Tenth Year of the Reign of

Queen ANNE.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

By the Queen: A Proclamation, for dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the speedy calling of another.

ANNE, R.

WHEREAS we have thought fit, by and with the Advice of our Privy Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now stands prorogued to Tuesday,

---

the TueotyTeventh Day of this instant April; we do, for that Knd, publish this our royal Proclamation, and do hereby diffoive the said Parliament accordiugly: And Uie Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burge lies, Coromiftioners for Shires and Burghs, of the said Parliament, are discharged from their meeting on the said Twenty-seventh Day of April. And to the Intent our good Subjects may perceive* the Confidence we have in their A tied ions, and how desirous we are to meet our People, and have their Advice, by their Kepresentatives, in Parliament, we do hereby make known to oUr laid Subjects, that we do intend, in i’ome short time, to give Directions to our Chancellor of Great Britain, to cade Writs to be issued, in due Form of Law, for the calling a new Parliament.

---

Given at our Court at Kensington, the Fifteenth Day of April, in the Seventh Year of our Reign.

God save the Queen.

By the Queen: A Proclamation.

ANNE, R.

---

WHEREAS by our royal Proclamation, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of this instant April, we did dissolve the last Parliament, which then flood prorogued to Tuesday, the Twenty-seventh of this instant April, and did thereby declare, that, in lonie ftiort time after, we did intend to give Directions for the calling of a new Parliament; we do by this our royal Proclamation, publish and declare, that, with the Adviceof our Privy Council, we have this Day given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain, to issue out Writs in due Form, for the summoning, and holding, a new Parliament; which Writs are to bear Tejle the Twenty-sixth Day of this instant Aprils and to be returnable on Thursday, the Eighth of July next ensuing the Date hereof.

Given at our Court at Kenfignton, the Twenty-second Day of April, 1708, in the Seventh Year of our Reign.

God save the Queen.

ANNE, R.

[Latin removed.]

By the Queen: A Proclamation, giving notice of the holding the Parliament, and requiring the Attendance of the Members of both Houses of Parliament.

ANNE, R.

WE being desirous, that the Members of both Houses of Parliament may have convenient Notice of the Time, when their Attendance in Parliament shall be requisite, have, with Advice of our Privy Council, thought fit to illiie this our royal Proclamation, hereby declaring our Pleasure, that our Parliament, which now itauds prorogued to Thursday, the One-aml-twentieth of this inltant October, shall be further prorogued unto Tuesday, the Sixteenth Day of November next entiling the Date hereof: And our Purpose being, that our

laid Houses of Parliament shall not only meet upon the said Sixteenth Day of November, but shall then fit for the Di(patch of divers weighty and important A ft airs; we do hereby charge all the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burge fils, Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, to give their Attendance at fi eji-minster, on the said Sixteenth Day of November, accordingly.

Given at our Court at Kensington, the Sixth Day of October, in the Seventh \ ear of our Reign.

God save the Queen.

WILLIAM Duke of Devonshire, Great Steward of her; Majesty’s Houshold, and one of her M a jetty’s most honourable Privy Council, To all, to whom these rrefents shall come, Greeting. Know yc, that I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Prelents do constitute.

Topham, John Hungerford, Roger Gale, Matthew Ducy Morton, John Tredenham, Lord Janies Cavendish, Sir Richard Earring-ton, Sir Ja. Etheridge, Tho. Hal fey, Francis Popharn, Geo. Batch, Robert Moncton, Gilfred Lanson, JYni. Lord Powlett, Craven Peyton, Robert Bay1 is, Law. A/cock, Henry Boyle, John Smith, Sir Richard Onslow, Rob. Walpole, Spencer Compton, Tho. Onslow, Geo. Rodney Brides, Anth. Morgan, Daniel JVi/Jon, Sir Sym. llarcourt, Edzcard Ash, Wm. Ash, Sir Robert Davers, Fleetxcood Dormer, Clement Currance, Fra. Page, Wm. Vane, Sir IVm. Drake, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Ralph Freeman, Wm. Fielding, Richard Mervin, Alex. Pendarvis, Cha. Trelawny, Tho. Farrington, Hen. Mordaunt, Sir Wm. Scaiven, Tho.Scawen, Jo. Thornhaugh, Roby Sherwin, Sir Wm. Williams, Wm. Stevens, Pat. Ogilvy, Jo. Laugham, Geo. Ducket, Jo.Chambers, Sir Jo. Mordaunt/Sir Mich. Wart on, Hen. Vincent, Wm.Monfonf G rif-seth Rice, Hen. Vincent, Wm. Coward, Sir Peter King, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead to tender and administer the Oaths, mentioned in the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes, concerning the assembling and fitting of this present Parliament) according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the taking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burges, for the Parliament, summoned to begin, and to be holden, the Eighth Day of July last past; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every of the said Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, ele&edor appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burges as aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving them Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my said Deputies or Deputy, any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, shall do and perform in this behalf, in as ample, perfedf, and full, manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given this Sixteenth Day of November, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady Anne, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, #c. Anno Domini 1708.

DEVONSHIRE, (l.s.)

[a] Several blank Pages are here left in the Journal, for the Entry of Two other Writs for farther proroguing the Parliament, the one. fioai the 9th of September to the 21st of October, and the other, from the 21st of October to the 16th of November, following.

parfiaiDent

Ifeflage to attend Lords Commit* loners.

Parliament )md by touiimfljuD.

---

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Parliamentum inceptum, et tentum, apud civitatem Westm. die Martis, decimo sexto Novembris, anno regni Dominae Annae:, Dei gratia Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, et Hiberniae, Reginae, fidei defenforis, &c. septimo, annoque Domini 1708.

[Parliament starts.]

---

THE Parliament meeting, pursuant to the before-annexed P ochmations, and tUe Writs, which had flued f>r that Purpose; and the most noble William Duke of Devonshire, Lord Steward of her Majesty’s Huuftvfid, came about Ten a Clock into the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of Wards, the usual Place to administer the Oaths, appointed to be taken by the Members, returned to serve in Parliament; and George Wri^hte Esquire, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having before delivered to Paul Jodrell Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, a Book of the Return of the Names of the K.n ghts, Citizens, Burgesses, and Barons, and of the Conmuflioners for Shires and Burghs, of the said Parliament; and the said Mr. and Mr.

Needier, his Clerk-assistant, and other his Clerks, attending, according to the Duty of their Places; the Lord Steward administered the Oaths appointed, to several of the Members appearing; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal (hereunto also annexed) to lev ral Members, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned; who administered the same accordingly to so tn-nv, as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

After which, a Message was brought by Mr. Act on. Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Brack Rod:

Gentlemen of tire House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, detire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly the House went up to the House of Peers:

And Five of the Lords Commissioners being seated on a Form, between the Throne and the Wool-lacks, the Lord Chancellor (who far in the Middle of them) laid.

My Lords, and Gentlemen of the House of Commons.

WE are commanded by her Majesty to let you know, that her Majesty, being hindered, by apparent Reasons* from being present in Person at the Beginning of this Parliament, hath thought fit, by Letters-patent under the Great Seal, to impower us, among other Lords, to do all Things, in her Majesty's Name, which are to be done on her Majesty’s Behalf in this Parliament; as by the Letters-patent will more fully appear.

Then the Lord Chancellor commanded the Letters-patent to be read; which arc as follow; viz.

Vo l. 16.

Die Marl is, 16* Novembris, 1708.

Anna, R.

[Latin removed.]

Magn*

4

Lord Chancellor^ Speech.

Sir Richard Onslow chosen Speaker.

16" — 18"Novembris. A. 1708,

Magnae Britannia;, Praefidenti Concilii nostri, Custodi privati sigilli nostri, Senefcallo hospitii nostri, Duci Somerset, D.uci Marlborough, et C?miti Sunderland, et tribus eorum, intendant ip praemiffis in forma pfsedi&a. In cujus rei testimonium, has literas noftras fieri fecimus patentes. Teste mejpl^ apud Westm. decimo quint? die Novembris, anno regni nostri septimo.

Per ipfam reginam, propria manu signat.

Writhe.

Then the Lord Chancellor said.

My Lords, and Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

BY virtue of h<er Majesty’s Commissioni, now read, to fcs (among other Lords) directed, we let you know, it is her Majesty’s Pleasure, we should not declare the Causes of calling this Parliament, until there be a Speaker of the House of Commons: And therefore it is her Majesty’s Pleasure, that jou, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, repair to the Place, where the Commons usually lit, and there chuse a fit Person to be your Speaker; and that you prpfent him, whom you shall ehul'e, to her Majesty’s Commissioners here, for her Majesty’s royal Approbation by the said Coiqiiuffioners, on

Thursaay next, at Eleven a Clock.

The House being returned;

The Serjeant at Arms brought the Mace, and laid it under the Table.

And the Right honourable the Lord acquainted the House, that the Person, he should name to be ttieir Speaker, wanted nothing to recommend him: That he was of great Experience, and had served his Country with Integrity in the most difficult and worst of Times: And therefore it was his Motion, that Sir Richard Onslow, Baronet, may take the Chair, as Speaker.

And Sir Wm, Strickland acquainting the House, that the Gentleman, which had been prpposed by the noble Lord, was a very fit Person, considering all his Qualifications; being a Person of great Experience in Parliament, and one, who had ffiewed his Justice and Integrity in all Times; and therefore he seconded the Motion, that Sir Richard Onslow might take the Chair:

And the honourable Colonel Henry thirding

the Motion; for that the Person proposed had a very good Estate in his Country, and was every way qualified:

And the House generally calling upon him to the Chair:

Sir Richard Onslow, in his Place, desired, that the House would please to excuse him, in respect of the many Difficulties, that attended the Discharge of so great a Trust; declaring, that his Intercession to them proceeded from a real Sense of his own Inabilities, left the Service of the Publick might receive any Prejudice by his Incapacity; withal, giving the House his humble Thanks, for the great Honour they had done in proposing him.

Upon which the House unanimously calling upon him to the Chair;

The Lord Wm. Powlett and Sir Wm. Strickland conduced him from his Place to the Chair: But upon the first Step he again said, that he was obliged to give them the Trouble of a Second Request,* that they would be pleased to excuse him* and out of the great many present to elect 9 more able Person for so great a Service; alluring them, that it proceeded not lb much from Form, as the Sense of his own Inabilities; and that it would be an insupportable Trouble to him, if the Publick should suffer by any Defects of his; and therefore again most earnestly desired to be excused.

But the House cried, " No, No."

And thereupon he fat down in the Chair.

And the Serjeant at Arms came up, and laid the Mace upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Novembris; Anno 70 Annas Reginte, 1708.

THE House being met j and Mr. Speaker elect having taken the Chair;

A Message was brought by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gen-tleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

ML Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this lionou/able House in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that they had, in Obedience to Command, been at the House of Peers; and that he had presented himself; and that the Lord Chancellor had declared her Majesty’s Pleasure to approve of the Choice, \he House had made of their Speaker; acquainting them, that it was a Testimony of the great Esteem the Queen had for them.

That he did, in their Name, demand Liberty of Speech, that their Debates might be free, the better to enable them to make suitable Provisioqs for the Service of the Publick; also Freedom from Arrests for themselves, and Servants, that their Properties might not be disturbed; and also Aqcels to her Majesty’s royal Person, that they might lay before her a true State of their Proceedings, when it should be necessary for the Publick Service.

That he demanded, and bad obtained, as ample a Grant of them, as ever was made to any preceding Parliament; believing, no Prince ever had a more loyal House of Commons, or more deserved to be intrusted with those Privileges: And, withal, he desired, that his involuntary Errors might only be imputed to the unfortunate Author: And again returned the House his Thanks, for the Ho. pour they had done him; giving them Assurances, to use his utmost Endeavours to deserve the Continuance of their Favours, and to supply his many Defers by a faith* ful and deligent Application to the Dispatch of those great and arduous Affairs, for which this Parliament was now convened.

And (in regard some Liberty had been taken, in a late Pifeourse, concerning some Carriages of those, who had been formerly in the Chair) further said.

That he was by Birth intitled to Liberty and Property, and by Education taught so to value the Constitution and Government of England, as by the several Laws established, both in Church and State, that he would rather chuse to expose himself to Egyptian Bondage, than be a Prostitute in this his native free Country j and, whenever he swerved from this Resolution, their Admonitions would be a Favour, or, if they proved ineffectual, their fevered Censures; But, so long as he endeavoured to discharge his Duty, he hoped, he might intirely depend upon their Support; and that he asked the same with the greatest Earnestness, believing, the Chair never had a greater Occasion: And, as an Inducement, desired Leave to assure them, that no Person was ever placed in it with a better Disposition to discharge the Duty of it; and that he should esteem himself very happy, could he prevail with them to enter upon the Dispatch of publick BufiDels more early in the Morning, and with that Decency, and good Order, as becomes ib great a Senate.

And then Mr. Speaker alone took the Oaths, and repeated the Declaration, or Tell, and the Oath of Ab: Juration, and fiabferibed the lame, according to the Laws for that Purpose.

And afterwards many other Members took the Oaths, and repeated the Declaration, or Test, and the Oath of Abjuration, and subscribed the fame, according to the Laws for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nipe a Clock.

Me Hage to

attend Lords

Commis-

iionert.

Mr. Speaker

approved of by the Queen.

Mr, Speaker takes Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Mftnbers take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Payment of Tythe*

Death of Prince George of Denmark,

Lords Commissioners Speech reported;

7 Ann. 190 — 2o° — 22® Novembris.

Veneris, 19* die Novembris;

Anno 7® Anna* Regin*, 1708.

Praters.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 20° die Novembris;

Anno 7* Annas Regin*, 170 Prayers.

SEVER A L other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunacy 2 2° die Novembris;

Anno 7® Ann* Regin*, 1708.

Prat ers.

OEV ERAL other Members prefcat took the Oaths, O and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to tue Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the better feting forth, and Payment of Tythes, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to her Majesty, to condole with her Majesty, upon the Death of his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark; and to desire her Majesty to take Care of her royal Person, upon whole Health the Happiness of this Kingdom, and the Liberties of , do

so much depend; and to assure her Majesty, that the Commons of Great Britain will supporc her Majesty against all her Enemies, both at home and abroad.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address upon the faici Resolution:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Freeman, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Annefev, Mr. Fenton, Mr, Aylmer, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Pullency, Sir hurst. Sir Robert Davers, Sir IVm. Drak 1, Sir Peter King, Mr. Serjeant Parker, Mr. Compton, Mr. Mr.

Clerk, Mr. Morri/on, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Cockburne, Mr. Bertie, Sir Fho- Manfell, Mr.

Mr. Walpole, Sir Sim. Harcourt, Mr. Mount agu, Mr.

Gywn, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Mr. Ward, Sir David Ramsey, Mr. Mr. Onslow, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Topham Sir David,

Mr. Grahme, Mr. Med/icott, Lord Wind for, Mr.

for, Mr. Amefley, Mr. Smith, Mr. , Mr. Hey-

sham, Sir 'Th.o. Hanmore, Mr. Steward, Mr. Methwen: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Speaker reported, that when he, with the House, went to the House of Peers, the 18th instant, at the Desire of the Lords Commissioners, appointed by her Majesty under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for opening, and holding this present Parliament, the Lord Chancellor (being one of the said Commissioners) made a Speech to both Houses; which being very long, and

Vol. 16.

of great Importance to the Publick, left any Part thereof should be mif-recited, or omitted, he had obtained a Copy thereof; which he read to the House, and is as follows; vie.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

In pursuance of the Authority given us by her Majesty’s Commission utlder the Great Seal (among other tiling1') to declare the Causes of her Mai.fly’s calling this Parliament,

We are, by her Majesty’s Command, in the First Place to obf.rve to }<'u, that the extraordinary Length of this Year’s Campaign hath obliged her Majesty to defer your Meeting longer, than otherwise she would have done, that you might be informed, with the greater Certainty, of the State and Pollure of the War, in order to your Resolutions for the ensuing Year.

This necessary Delay hath now so far shewn us the Success of Affairs abroad, as that, whether you consider the Places acquired by the Allies, or the farther and continued Proofs, given this lad year, of their fu peri or Courage and Conduit (which, as to the future Part of the War, is equal to all other Advantages) we may, with Thanks to God, and Justice to those he hath been pleased touie as Instruments in this great Work, conclude, that, upon the Whole, wc arc brought much nearer, than we were the last Session, to the End of our undertaking this War, the reducing the dangerous Power of and settling such a Peace, as may secure itself from being violated.

Her Majesty therefore commands us to assure vou, fhc hath not the lead Doubt, but that this Parliament will be of the fime Opinion with her last, as to the vigorous Prosecution of the War, 3nd the Ends of it; believing it importable, the Representative of the British Nation can endure to tlunk of losing the Fruits of all our past Endeavours, and the great Advantages we have gained, particularly in this present Year, by fub.nitling at lait to an in secure Peace.

And therefore, since, probably, nothing can hinder our Success abroad for the time to come, but Misunderstand-ings among ourselves at home, we have it in Command to conjure you, by your Duty to God, and to her Majesty, your Zeal for the Protestant Religion, your Love fur your Country, and the Regard you cannot but have for the Liberty of Europe in general, to avoid all Occasion of Divift ms; which are ever hurtful tc the Pubflck, but will more especially be so at this Juncture, when the Eyes of all our Neighbours are upon you, with a very particular Concern; and your Unanimity, and good Agreement, will be thegn-atell Satisfaction, and Encouragement to all our Ahu s.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

You cannot but be convinced, that the several Parts of the War, which were provided lor by the last Parliament, will require your Support, at lead, in the same Degree: But in Flanders, the Nature of the War is much altered, by the great Advances made there towards entering into France; which hath so far alarmed our Enemies, that they are drawing more Troops daily to that Side, for the Defence of their own Country: And therefore her Majesty hopes, you will luve lo right a Sense of our present Advantages, as to enable her Majesty to make a considerable Augmentation, for preserving, and improving them j which, by the Continuance of God’s Blcfiing on our Aims, mull hn n put a glorious Period to this long and expensive War.

As to the Condition of the Fleet, we have it in Command from her Majesty to acquaint you, that the con-slant and remote Services, in which the Ships have been employed, have made a greater Sum, than usual, requisite, as well for the extraordinary Repairs, as the budding of new Ships; and the taking of Port Mahon, as ic huh afforded the Means of having a Part of the Fleet operate with more Readinels and Eftelt on the Enemy, or wherever it may be ulelul to the common Cause, in those Parts, so the making such Provisions, at so great a Distance, as will be proper for that Service, mull of ne-

B ceffitjr.

Address on Lords Commissioners Speech,

Lords Com-nrifiioners Speech to be considered.

Grand Committees,

2 a0 Novembris.

A. 1708.

teffity, cause some extraordinary Expences; all which her Majesty recommends to your serious Consideration; de-firing you to provide timely and effectual Supplies for those Ends, and likewise for the carrying on such Fortifications, for the Security of our Ports, and extinguishing the Enemies Hopes of profiting by Disturbances in Scotland, as you shall think fit.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Union is esteemed by her Majesty to be so happy and great a Part of the Successes of her Reign, and her Majesty hath so much at Heart the confirming and improving it, that (he is pleased to command us to remind you of preparing such Bills, as shall be thought conducing to that End; and particularly, to make the Laws of both Parts of Great Britain agree, as near as may be, for the common Interest of both People, especially as to those Laws, which relate to criminal Cafes, and Proceedings, and settling the Militia on the same Foot throughout the United Kingdom.

Her Majesty is graciously pleased, we should also af-sure you, that if you can propose any Means for the Improvement of our Trade or Manufactures, or better Employment of the Poor, her Majesty will take the greatest Satisfaction in enacting such Provisions; there being nothing (he so earnestly desires as that God will blel’s her with more and more Opportunities of doing all possible Good to so well-deserving a People, so firm and affectionate to her Interests.

And, as her Majesty does not doubt, by God’s Blessing, and your good Affections, to continue to defeat the Designs of the Pretender, and his open or secret Abettors; so her Majesty will always endeavour, on' her Part, to make her People happy, to such a Degree, as that none (except of desperate Fortunes) shall enter into Measures, for the Disturbance of her Government, the Union, or the Protestant Succession, as by Law established, without acting at the same Time manifestly against their own true and lading Interest, as well as their Duty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, to congratulate the glorious Successes of her Arms, and those of her Allies, this present Year; and to allure her Majesty of our utmost Endeavours to enable her to carry on a vigorous War against the common Enemy, until the Liberties of Europe may be secured by a safe and an honourable Peace; and also to support and defend her Majesty, and the Succession, as by Law established, in the Protestant Line, against the Pretender and all his open, and secret Abettors.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Sir Strickland, Mr, Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Walpole, Mr. , Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Hampden, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Bertie, Sir Rufhout Culling, Sir Gilbert Lord Wm.

Powlett, Mr. Bridges, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Sir Peter King, Mr. Melhwen, Mr. Baily, Mr. Lord

for, Mr. Farrer, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Sheppard, Sir David Mr.

Winnington, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Harley, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Sir'

Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Aiflaby, Colonel Mordaunt, Sir

Ja. Long, Mr. Bennet, Sir Sim. Harcourt, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Cornegy: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

The Report and Resolutions, of the Eighteenth of Controverted February last, relating to the trying and determining of Electiw*. controverted Elections, and then declared to be (landing Orders of the House, being read;

Resolved, That all Matters that shall come in Question, touching Returns or Elections, shall be heard at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That all Members returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Ordered, That the House do proceed upon double Returns, in the first Place, before any other controverted Elections.

Ordered, That all Members who are returned for Two or more Places (except such Members as are beyond Return*.

Sea) do make their Election in Seven Days next, for which of the Places they will serve, provided, there be no Question upon the Returns for such Places.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- Committee

pointed: of Privileges.

And it is referred to Mr Compton, Sir Wm.

Sir Rvjhout Cullen, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Lowndes, Lord

Coningsby, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr.

gu. Sir Peter King, Mr. Winnington, Admiral,

Mr. Montgomery, Sir John Whitwrong, Mr. Barker,

Mr. Rogers, Mr. Ogilvy, Mr. Foot, Mr. Diston, Mr.

Methwen, Sir Robert Davers, Sir . New/and, Mr.

Cangagy, Mr. Dalrymple, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr.

Lord Willoughby, Mr. Bertie, Mr. AJb, Mr. Moor, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Gale, Mr. Herbert, Sir David Ramsey, Mr.

Mayne, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Farrer, Sir Wm. Ashhurst,

Mr. Poulteny, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Mr.

Kerr, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Windham, Mr. Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Ftevill, Mr. Ker, Mr. Bertie, Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Bere, Sir Hen. Peachy, Mr.

Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Montgomery, Mr.

Coivper, Mr. Graunt, Mr. Booth, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir John Bennet, Mr. Baylie, Ms. Ward, Sir Richard Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Tilney, Sir Wm. St. Quint in Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Hey-

sham: And they are to meet upon next, at

Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon; and all that come are to have Voices:

And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, '

as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges, and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from Time to Time; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and if any Thing shall come in Question, touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That only Two Counsel of a Side be heard Usual Orders, at the Bar of the House, upon the Matter of controverted Elections.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration the Speech of the said Lords Commissioners, the Eighteenth of November instant, for opening, and holding this present Parliament.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

19

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, as a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person-

Resolved,

!J.

7 Ann- 22® — 23° Novembris. 7

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath been tampering with any Witnesses, in respect of their Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly, or indirectly, endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person, from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdeameanour, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath given falle Evidence in any same before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

the electing a CommifTtoner for the said'Burgh of TVlg-toun, in the room of the said Mr. Lockhart.

James Brydges, Esquire, being chosen a Citizen for the Truro

City of Hereford;and also a Burgess for the Borough of v r,t’

Truro, in the County of Cornwall; made his Election to

serve for the City of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Truro, in the room of the said James Brydges, Esquire.

Resolved, That for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members, to serve for the Commons in Parliament, the same is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Gretst Britain.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the fitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take care to clear the Speaker’s Character every Day, before the Doors be locked up.

Ordered, That all Matters, touching Returns, or Elections, be beard on TuefJays, 7hurfdays, and Saturdays.

Trislof A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Defltoosby That all Questir-ns, at the Trio I Elections, (had (if

any Member infills upon it) be determined by Ballot; The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller, forth, NoJffpfff'’ } >7«-So it passed in the Negative.

Electicm

Petition*

Resolved, That all Petitions, upon every new Parliament, relating to Elections, and Returns, be delivered to the Clerk of the House, and be laid by him upon the Table, before the Speaker be cholen.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ^urv St. Ed-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the n,un nt* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury St. Edmonds, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Sir Thomas , Baronet, who, since he was elected a Burgess f>r the said Borough, hath been made Comptroller of her Majesty’s Houshold.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Carlifla the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Car life, in the room of Sir James tagu, who, since he was elected a Citizen for the said City, hath been made her Majesty’s Attorney General.

Sir John Leake, being chosen a Citizen for the City of Bamich Rochester; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Har- nt* vetch in the County of Ef'ex; made his Election to serve for the City of Rochester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clcik of the Crown, to make out a new YVdie for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Harwich, in the room of the said Sir John Leake.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom Death of it was referred to draw up an Address, to be presented to her Majesty, to condole with her Majesty, upon the Denmark. Death of his Royal Highness Prince George of;

and to desire her Majesty to fake care of her royal Person, upon whole Health the Happiness of this Kingdom, and the Liberties of Europe, do lb much depenu; and to allure her Majesty, that the Commons of Great Britain wiil support her Majesty against all her Enemies, both at home and abroad; that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was twice read, and is as lulloweth;

Volt*to Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, be printed, being full perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martts, 2 30 die Novembris;

Anno 7° Anna: Regina:, 1708.

Prayers.

Members QE V E R A L other Members present took the Oaths* uke Oaths. O and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

tfigtoon ¥nt.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, take this first Opportunity of expressing to your Majesty the deep Sense we have of the great Loss, your Majesty and this Kingdom have sustained in the Death of his Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark; whose tender AffeCfit n to your Majesty, and Love to our Country, had gained him the Hearts of all your good Subjects, and will render his Memory ever dear to them.

We humbly beseech your Majesty to moderate the Grief, so justiy due on this fad Occafian, since it cannot be indulged, without endangering the Health of your royal Person, on whose Safety the Happiness of Great Britain, and the Liberties of do, under God,

depend.

Your faithful Commonsthink themselves obliged(more particularly at this Time) to allure your Majesty of their inviolable Fidelity to your Person and Government, and of their firm Resolution effectually to support your Majesty against all your Enemies, both at home and abroad.

George Lockhart, Esquire, being chosen a Commissioner for the Shire of Edinburgh; and also a Commissioner for the Burgh of H'igtoun, in the Shire of Sutherland; made

his Election to serve for the Shire of Edinburgh. Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to mittee, in the said Address, to be presented to her the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Majesty,

Vo I. 16. O'*"*.

vff Novembris. A. 1708.

Woollen and Iron Manufactures.

Cricklade

Writ.

New Sarum Writ.

Address on Lords Com-inissioners Speech.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when (he will be pleased to be attended with the said Address, and in what Manner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of those, who are Manufacturers of the Woollen andiron Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the more easy Recovery of Wages, due for the work, ing up the said Manufactures, and to Day Labourers; and that Mr. James Mountague and Mr. Dison do prepare, and bring in,. the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Edmund Dunch, Esquire, who, since he was chosen a Burgess for the said Borough, hath been made Master ofher Majesty’s Houshold.

Ordered \That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of New Sarum, in the room of Robert Eyre, Esquire, who hath been made her Majesty’s Solicitor General, since he was chosen for the said City.

Sir Wm. Strickland reported from the Committee, to

whom it was referred to draw up an Address, to be presented to her Majesty, to congratulate the glorious Suc-ceffes ofher Arms, and those ofher Allies, this present Year; and to assure her Majesty of our utmost Endeavours to enable her to carry on a vigorous War against the common Enemy, until the Liberties of Europe may be secured by a safe and honourable Peace; and also to support and defend her Majesty, and the Succession, as by Law established, in the Protestant Line, against the Pretender, and all his open and secret Abettors; that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was twice read, and is as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to congratulate the glorious Successes of this Year, gained by the Arms of your Majesty, and those of your Allies.

The great and signal Advantages, that have been so wonderfully obtained, so vigorously prosecuted and improved, and upon all Occasions so happily accomplished, are repeated Instances, that noDifficulties are insuperable to your great Commanders, and no Force of the Enemy able to obstruct the Progress of your victorious Arms; which gives us good Grounds to hope for further Success before the Conclusion of this long and active Campaign.

Your Majesty’s good Subjects, through the whole Course of this War, have most chearfully granted the necessary Supplies, forsupporting and carrying it on with Vigour, and have seen such good Fruits of their former Zeal, that your Majesty may be allured, this House will never be wanting in their Duty to your Majesty, or the Interest of those they represent; but are determined to give such Supplies, as, by the Blessing of God, may be most effectual, for redyeing the Power of the common Enemy, and forcing him to accept such a Peace, as your Majesty, in Conjunction with your Allies, shall think honourable, and lading.

' The Union is so great a Glory to your Majesty, and Advantage to all your People, that we shall do every thing on our part to (Lengthen and improve it; but, above all, it shall be our utmost care to defend your Majesty’s sacred Person, to support your undoubted Title to the Crown, todisappoint the hopes and designs of the Pre.

tender, and all his open and secret Abettors, and to main tain the Protestant Succession, as by Law established.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Address, to be presented to her Majesty.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when lhe will be pleased to be attended with the said Address, and in what Manner.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Speech of the Lords Commissioners, for opening, and holding, this present Parliament, the i 8th Instant, to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners Speech be referred to the said Committee.

The House (according to Order) proceeded upon double Returns, and the Petitions, concerning the same, and other controverted Elections, which had been delivered to the Clerk, pursuant to the Order of the lad Parliament.

And the Return for the Borough of Mahon, in the County of York, being read;

And also the Petition of Thomas and Thomas

Harrison, Esquires, being read; letting forth, that at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, the Petitioners, and Wm. Palmes, and Wm. Strickland, Esquires, stood Candidates; and the Petitioners were duly elected, and returned by the proper Officer, Mr. William Barton, Bailiff* of the said Borough, to whom the Precept was directed, and duly delivered; but Mr. Palmes and Mr. Strickland persuaded one Nathanael Harrison to act as Borough Bailiff; who, without any Precept, proceeded to a separate Poll, and polled many illegal Voters, and procured them to sign an Indenture, and prevailed with the Sheriff* to annex the same to his Return, to the Petitioners Prejudice: And praying, that the said pretended Indenture may be taken off* the File, or be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit:

And the Petition of William Palmes, and William Strickland, Esquires, being also read; letting forth, that the Petitioners were duly elected Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mahon, in the County of York, and were so declared, and returned, by Nathaniel Harrison, Gentleman Bailiff* of the said Borough; yet one Wm. Barton (a busy Attorney in the said Town) by illegal Practices with one Daniel Copley, Seal-keeper to the High Sheriff, and others, procured to himself the Custody «f the Precept for Election, and refused to deliver it to the proper Officer, though often demanded, but took upon himself to affix.it to an Indenture, by him prepared, in behalf of Thomas Worjley, and Tho. Harrison, Esquires (who stood Candidates at the said Election, and had a much less Number of Votes, than the Petitioners) and carried it to the said Copley; and the said Bailiff Harrison sent his said Indenture to the High Sheriff; who upon Examination of the Matter, affixed it to the Writ; but the other Indenture being likewise affixed thereto, makes it a double Return; whereby the Petitioners arc debarred from fitting in this House, till the Merits of the Return are fijft determined: And praying the Hou'.e to take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve the Petitioners therein:

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Return, and Election, be heard upon this Day Three Weeks, being the 14th Day of December next.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House with the said Return.

The

Supply.

Election

Petitions.*

1

Dumfrie*,

&c.

Elfclion.

Ditto.

Stirling

Election.

Ditto.

Ann. ix* Novemms. 9

The double Return for the Rorough of Dumfries was read:

And the Petition of William , Esquire, was

read; setting forth, that upon the 26th of 1708, Mr. Wm. Copland, Captain Hugh Fullerton, Mr. Johnston, Mr. Andrew Johnston and Mr. Alves,

defied Commissioners for the Boroughs of Kirkcudbright, Annan, Lockmab, and Sauqhuar, met, in order to chuse a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Boroughs :That the Petitioner was a Candidate for the said Boroughs, and ought to have been returned alone a Burgess for the said Boroughs} but after divers illegal Methods used to obtain them the said Hugh Fullerton, Wm. Johnston, and Andrew Johnston, to be

elected Commissioners, and to prevent the Petitioner from being returned, the said Wm. Johnston hath let up himself in Opposition to the Petitioner, and they, and he himself, have elected, and returned, him with the Petitioner, thereby making a double Return, to the Petitioner’s great Wrong: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the Houseshall leem meet.

And the Petition of William Johnston Esquire, was read} setting forth, that the Petitioner, with Wm.

Jon, Esquire, is returned for the Burghs of Dumfries, Kir-kudbright, Annan, Lochmuban, and Sanqwar: That the

Return is very unjust (as advised) the Petitioner being unquestionably defied by Three of the said Five Burghs; and believes, this Return is maliciously made by the Sheriff Deputy of the County, and Town Clerk of Dumfries, to put the Petitioner to Charges, who used all possible Means with them to make such just Return, as the Law required, but they would not; whereupon the Petitioner entered his Protection against their unjust Proceedings, a Copy whereof is annexed to his Petition: That it appears by the said Return, that the Petitioner was duly elected by Three of the said Five Burghs: And pra} ing, that he may be allowed to take his Place in the House, or be otherwise relieved, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Return be heard Upon this Day Seven-night, being the 30th Day of November instant.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do then attend this House with the said Return.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petitions, touching the Merits of the said Election, be adjourned until after the Merits of the Return be heard.

The double Return for the Shire of Stirling was read:

And a!f> the Petition of Henry Cunningham, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that Sir Hugh Paterson, Baronet, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the Election of a Knight, to serve in the ensuing Parliament of Great Britain for Stirling shire; and the Petitioner was lawfully

chosen, having 18 uncontroverted Votes, and Sir Hugh only 13, several of which were object'd against at the Poll; notwithstanding which, the Sheriff of the said County hath illegally made a double Return, of his own accord, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises, and that such vexatious and undue Practices may be discouraged for the future.

And the Petition of Sir Hugh Paterson was read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, and Henry,

Esquire, flood Candidates, to be defied to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Stirling, in Scotland; where Persons were admitted to poll for Mr. Cunningham, who had their Charters of Qualification after the the Writ for chusing of Members to this Parliament (and thofeonly for the Time of tire Election) or that were not otherwisequalificdto vote; and, though the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, yet Mr. Cunningham (who by the Laws of Scotland is not capable of being defied) is returned, as well as your Petitioner: And praying the House to take the PremisesintoConsideration, and relieve

him therein.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Return, and Eleiflion, be beard upon Tuesday, the 1 ith Day of January next.

Vol. 16.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do then attend this House with the/aid Return.

Ordered, That the rest of the Petitions be read in Course, as they were delivered in to the Clerk.

A Petition of Richard Woollaston, and George Bridges, Whitchurch Esquires, was read } letting forth, that the Petitioners, Lledion. and Frederick Tilnev and Tho. Leivis, Esquires, flood Candidates at the Eleiflion of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton-, and the Petitioners were duly cholen, and ought to have been returned; but the said Mr. Titney, and Mr. , by Bribery, and other undue Praflices, and by the Partiality of Mr. Wm. Butler, Mayor of Whitchurch, pro-fcured themselves to be defied, and returned, to the Injury of the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard upon Tuesday, the Seventh Day of December next.

A Petition of Tracey Pauncefort, Esquire, was read; Great letting forth, that on the 5th of May last the Eleiflion Bedwyn came on, for chusing Burgesses for Great , in the Eleflion-

County of Wilts, for this present Parliament; and the Petitioner, Charles Lord Bruce, Samuel Sambrook, and Nicholas Pollexfen. Esquires, were Candidates; and that Mr. Sambrook, by Bribery, and other undue Practices, procured himself to be returned, in wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly defied, and ought to have been returned in his (lead: And praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard upon Thursday, the Ninth Day of December next.

A Petition of Sir William Rich, Baronet, was read; Reading

setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in Ele^ion«

this present Parliament for Reading, in Berks, the Petitioner, Owen Buckingham, and Anthony Blagrave, Esquires, were Candidates: That Mr. Blagrave, by Menaces, Bribery, Treats, and other undue Praflices, procured several EJeflorsto vote for him, and others, who had no Right, were admitted to vote for him; and he, by Promises, prevailed with Francis Brifcow, Esquire, Mayor of Reading, to return the said Mr. Blagrave, though the Petitioner was duly defied, and ought to have been returned in his (lead: And praying such Relief in the Premise'1, as the House shall think just.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard upon Thursday, the Second Day of December next.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the said Ditto. Borough ot Reading, paying Scotland Lot within the said Borough, in behalf of themselves, and other Persons in the said Borough, who payScot and Lot there, was read; setting forth, that the Scotland Lot Men have the Right of elefling Burgesses to Parliament for the said Borough; and they did duly chuse Sir Wm. Rich to be their Representative in this present Parliament, and he ought to have been returned one of their Burgesses; but many Persons, never paying Scotland Lot, others, receiving Alms and Charities every Year, and others, no-ways qualified, were permitted to vote for Anthony Blagrave,

Esquire, who hath procured himself to be returned j whereby the Petitioners are not only deprived of one of their Representatives, but their Right of Election, and Liberties, are invaded, and taken from them, by Persons, no-ways intitled to vote: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the same Time with the Merits of the said Election.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock,

C

io $4

Mercurii, 24° die;

Anno 7" Ann® Regin®, 1708.

Prayers.

Cruisers and "A TR. Burchett(pursuant to an Act of the last Parlia-Convoy*. ]YX ment, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom, by Cruisers and Convoys) presented to the House, Accounts of what Ships have been employed as Cruisers and Convoys, over and above the Ships for the Line of Battle, and for Convoys to remote Parts.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the Papers of this Session.

Queen ap- Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that her points man- Majesty having been waited upon, humbly to know, senti* PrC" w^en> an<3 ’n what Manner, lhe would be pleased to be Addreflfes. Attended with the AddrdTes of this House, as Yesterday agreed upon; her Majesty was pleased to answer, That flie takes very kindly the Application of the House to her in this Manner; and that it is her Majesty’s Pleasure, that such Addresses, as the House of Commons desire at this time to present to her Majesty, should be delivered to her by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s Privy Council.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s mofl honourable Privy Council.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion Yesterday, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, that a Difference had happened in the Committee, who should take the Chair of the Committee;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Farrer do take the Chair of the Committee;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

T«"7 for ,he Yea!-< Mr

Tellers for (he js6.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The House proceeded upon the Petitions, relating to controverted Elections.

OrfonJ A Petition of William Thomfonof the Middle Temple, Election. Esquire, was read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was a Candidate at the Election for Members of this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford in Suffolk, and had a sufficient Number of legal Votes, to entitle him to be returned; but that the Mayor of the said Borough refused to poll some of the Petitioner’s Voters, and admitted others for the Sitting Members, Sir Edward Turner, and Clemence Corrance, Esquire, who had no Right to poll; by means whereof, and by Bribery, Menaces, and other indirect Practices, Sir Edward Turner and Mr.

*9

Novembris. A. 1708.

Corrance were unduly returned: And praying Redress therein from the House.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Thursday, the 13th Day of January next.

A Petition of William Bellam, and Gyles Hayne, ikhrlier Esquires, was read; setting forth, that at the last Election Election, of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of llcheflir, in SomersetOiire, the Petitioners, Edward and James Johnson, Esquires, were Candidates: That Mr.

Philip and Mr. Johnson, by Bribery, Corruption, and other undue Practices, procured themfel ves to be returned Burgesses of the said Borough, to the Injury of the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned in their (lead: And praying Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturday, the 151I1 Day of January next.

A Petition of Crew Offiey, and John , Esquires, NewcaWe

was read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, ^lP* to serve in this present Parliament for Newcastle under L on* Line, in the County of Stafford, the Petitioners, Sir Tho.

Bellot, Baronet, and Rowland Cstood Candidates; and the Petitioners were dulyele&ed; but Sir Tho. Bellot and Mr. Colton by themselves, and by Mr. Wm. -Jlem, and others, their Agents, did, by Treating, Bribery, and other illegal Practices, procure divers Votes; whereby the said Sir Tho. Bellot and Mr. Colton are returned Burgesses, in wrong to the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House, in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Tuesday, the 18th Day of next.

A Petition of Sir Richard Allin, and the honourable Dunwkh 'Daniel Harvey, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that Election. the Right of returning Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for Dunwich, in Suffolk, is in the two Bailiffs of the Borough; and that Sir Charles Bloyce and Francis were the Two Bailiffs at the last Election there for this Parliament, and the Petitioners, Sir Cha. Bloyce, and Robert Kemp, Esquire, were the Candidates: That Sir Cha.

Bloyce and Mr. Kemp, and their Agents, by Menaces.

Treating, and Bribery, procured several Freemen to vote for them; and Swatman, who alone presided at the said Election, in a very arbitrary Manner received several illegal Votes for Sir Cha. Bloyce and Mr. Kemp, and hath returned them, as Burgesses for the said Borough, although the Petitioners were dulychofen, and ought to have been returned, and although the said Cha. bloyce was not (as the Petitioners are advised) capable of being elected, or returned, as being one of the Bailiffs; nor had Swatman, alone, any Authority to make a Return to Parliament, the Two Bailiffs making but one Officer for that Purpose; And praying the Consideration of the House therein, and such Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Thursday, the 20th Day of January next.

A Petition of Salwey Winnington, Esquire, was read; Bewdley setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly cholen a Bur- Eleation. gels, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Bewd-ley, in the County of Worcester, and was accordingly returned by the Bailiff of the said Borough to the Sheriff of the said County; but the said Sheriff hath unjustly returned the honourable Henry Herbert, Esquire, in prejudice of the Petitioner’s Right: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturday, the 22d Day of January next.

A Petitionof7o//« Rock, Bailiff, Tho.Smith, Justice, Philip Ditto.

Foley, Esquire, Richard Foley, Esquire, Henry Toye, Tho.

Burlton,

5s

£ ST

7 Ann. 24* Novembris.

11

Burlton, Tho. Walker, Bonham , Samuel Hackhtit,

Wm. Grove, and Roger Burgesses of the Borough

of Bewdley, in the County of was read; letting

forth, that the Right of electing a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is in the Bailiff and Burgesses, and the Return of such Burgess doth of Right belong to the Bailiff; and the Petitioner was duly chosen Bailiff on the 25th of September, 1707, for the Year ensuing, and did execute the said Office; but about the 8th of May Jail one Samvel Slade took upon him to act as Bailiff of the said Borough, under Colour of a Charter, dated the 20th of April last, whereby the said Slade was nominated Bailiff, and 12 others capital Burgesses, with Power to elect other Burgesses; and thereby the Petitioners Rights, Privileges, and Franchises, are given to Slade and the other 12 Burgesses: That on the 12th of May last pall, the Petitioner Smith did summon the Burgesses, to meet at the of the said Borough,

in order to considerof the said Charter; where the same was produced by one Samuel Hunt (as Town Clerk by that Charter) and read; and the Names of all the Burgesses of the Corporation being called over, the greatest Part did absolutely refute to accept of the said Charter: That Slade prevailed with 7ho. Perrott, Esquire, High Sheriff* of the said County, to direct his Precept for electing a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for Bewdley, to him,

I although Smith had before acquainted Perrot, that he was

Bailiff: That Smith demanded the Precept of Slade, but he refused to give it him; whereupon did, upon the 7th of May last, make Proclamation, that he would proceed upon the 12th of May to the electing of a Burgess to Parliament; and then the greatest Part or the Burgesses, being assembled, did unanimously elcCl Salwey ning ton, Esquire, and Smith made a Return of him to the said Perrot; who received the lame, but hath since returned the honourable Henry Herbert, Esquire, although he was not duly elected: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think . therein.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the same Time, that the Merits of the Election, and Return, are to be heard for the said Borough of Bewdley.

Ifalmfbmy A Petition of Edward Pauneefort, Esquire, was read;

Ele&oo. setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in the ensuing Parliament for ,in Wilts,

the Petitioner, Henry Mordaunt, Tho. Farrington, and Tho. Boucher, Esquires, stood Candidates: That the Petitionerand Mr. Boucher had a Majority of unquestionable Votes 1 yet the said Mr. and Mr. Far-

rington, by Bribery, and other illegal Practices, prevailed with the pretended Alderman to return them, contrary to Law, and to the Petitioner’s manifest Wrong: And praying, that the House will appoint a Day, to hear the Matter aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Tuesday, the 15th Day of January next.

Hindoo A Petition of Reynolds , Esquire, was read;

ERm tion. Getting forth, that Sir James How, Baronet, Edmund Lambert, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses ro serve in Parliament for don, in the County of Wilts: That by Bribery and other corrupt Practices of Sir James How, Mr. Lambert, find their Agents, they had a Majority of Votes, and are returned; but the Petitioner had a Majority of the fair and unbribed Votes, and ought to be returned, and lit, to represent the said Borough: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as shall be agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon T the 27th Day of January next.

Alhbarton A Petition of Richard Reynell, Esquire, was read; set-

Election. ting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of ,in the County of Devon, Roger Tuckfteld, Robert Eiqui res, and

Vol. 16.

the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Voters; but Mr. Cliff, (an Agent for the other Candidates) who took upon him to be Judge the Poll, and 7ho. Sainthill, Portreeve of the said Borough, being governed by Mr. Cliff, refused to poll several Electors, that desired to poll for the Petitioner, who had a Right; and by several indirect Practices divers Votes were obtained for Mr. Tuckfteld, and Mr. Ball, and the said Sainthill hath returned them, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and Violation of the Rights of the Borough: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturday, the 29th Day of January next.

A Petition of William Hale, Esquire, was read; setting Bnunber forth, that the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess, to Election. serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, by a Majority of legal Voters; yet Tho. Lord Windsor, and B illiam Shippen, Esquire, have procured themselves to be returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief of the House, as shall be thought meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Tuesday, the First Day of February next;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdlm for the Ycaj.j } 1 °*

Teller, for the Nocs.| CW/'"- } . 34.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturday, the nth Day of December next.

A Petition of Sir Cleave More, Baronet, was read; Ditto, letting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in Sujpx, the Petitioner was duly elected for one of the Burgesses; notwithstanding which, Tho. Lord Windsor, and Wm. Shippen, Esquire, by indirect Means procured themselves to be returned Burgesses for the said Borough, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the same Time, that the Merits of the Election, and Return, for the said Borough is appointed to be heard.

A Petition of Robert Craven, Esquire, was read; setting Coventry forth, that before, and during the Time of, the last Election. Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, many illegal and indirect Practices were used,

to procure Votes for Sir Orlando Bridgman, and Edward Hopkins, Esquire, and the Sheriffs of the said City carried themselves with great Partiality for them; notwithstanding which, the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes of them, and ought to have been returned as one of the Citizens, to serve in this Parliament; yet Sir lando Bridgman and Mr. Hopkins are returned, contrary to the Petitioner’s undoubted' Right: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve bit# therein.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be beard upon Tuesday, the First Day of February next.

A Petition of Thomas Meredyth, Esquire, was read; Medhurst

setting forth, that at the late Election for Members, to Election,

serve in this Parliament for the Borough of 'Medhurst, in Stiff ex, the Petitioner, Laurence Alcock, and Robert,

Esquires, stopd Candidates: That the Right of Election there is in such, as hold by Burgage Tenure only; but at the said Election, Richard Cobden, the Bailiff, polled several Persons, who had no Right of voting, and refused divers others, who formerly polled at other Elections;

24* Novembris. A. 1708.

by means whereof, and of other illegal Practices, the said Mr. Alcock and Mr. Ormes procured themselves to be eie&ed, and returned, in prejudice of the Petitioner, and of the bights of the said Borough: And praying the belief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Rc-’ turn, be heard upon Thursday, the Third Day of February next.

Abingdon A Petition of William Esquire, was read 1

Election. setting forth, that at the Election of a Burgess for this Parliament, for the Borough of , in the County of Berks, the Petitioner and Sir Simon Harcourt were Candidates: That Sir Simon, by Menaces, and other tile-,

1 Practices, of him felt and Agents, procured several otes for him, and several were admitted to vote for him, that had no Right; and that Sir Simon hath prevailed with John Sellwood, Mayor of the said Borough, to return him, though the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of qualified and uncorrupt Voters, and ought to have been returned instead of the said Sir Simon Harcourt: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Thu, the 16th Day of December next.

Hertford A Petition of Charles Cafar, Esquire, was read; letting Election. forth, that the Petitioner stood Candidate at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Hertford: That the Agents of Wm. , Esquire, another of the Candidates, did, by undue Practices, endeavour to procure Mr. to be elected:

That a greater Number of qualified Persons did offer to poll for the Petitioner, than for Mr. Munfon; yet Mr. Samuel Kent, Mayor of the said Borough, hath returned Mr. Munfon a Burgess for the said Borough, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon , the 5th Day of February

next.

East A Petition of John Conyers, Esquire, was read; letting Grinstead forth, that at the last Election for Burgesses, to serve in Election. this Parliament for East Grinstead, in Suffix, the Petitioner was one of the Candidates, and had a Majority of legal Voices, and ought to have been returned; but that, by the admitting double Voices for one and the same Bur-gagehold, and permitting others to vote, who had no Right, and by Threats and other undue Practices, Henry Campion, Esquire, is returned, as elected, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying, that the House will examine the Merits of the said Election.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon i the Eighth Day of

February next.

Mil bourn A Petition of Gyles H Esquire, was read i letting

Port forth, that the Petitioner, Sir T"ho. Knight, The.

Election. Medlycote, and Wm. Bellamy, stood Candidates for the Borough of Milboum Port, in the County of Somerset, to be elected Burgesses: That Guy White and . Barret, Under Bailiffs of the said Borough, refuted to take the Votes of several, that offered to poll for the Petitioner, and had a Right to Vote; and by many other irregular Practices the said Sir Tho. 'Travell and Mr. Medlicote procured themselves to be returned, when as, if the Persons, that offered to vote for the Petitioner, had been polled, he would have been chosen and returned: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

And the House being informed, that the Petitioner was dead; and that he had declared, it was his Intent to desire Leave to withdraw the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Wm. Wallis, Esquire, was read; setting stevning

forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in Election, this Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in Sussex, the Lord Tunbridge, Robert Fagg, Esquire,..... stood Can-

dictates: That the Lord Tunbridge, by Corruption, and other undue Practices, procured himself to be returned one of the Burgesses for Steyning, to the Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to be returned in his Place: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturday, the 18 th of December next.

A Petition of Thomas Johnes, Esquire, was read j setting Cardigan forth, that the Petitioner, and LewiPrife, Esquire, were Election. Candidates *at the Election of a Knight, to serve in this Parliament for the County of Cardigan: That by Threats, and other illegal Practices, several Eledots were prevailed on to vote for Mr. Price, and several others, that were not qualified, were admitted to poll for him ;r and Nathan Griffin, Esquire, High Sheriff of the said County, shewed himself very partial in taking the Poll, against the Petitioner, by rejetting the Petitioner’s Voters, and neglecting to administer the Abjuration Oath (though required) to Mr. Prise his Voters, and declaring Mr. Pryfe duly elected, without examining the Poll Rolls, and denying any Scrutiny; and accordingly hath returned him, although the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Re i f therein.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Thursday, the 10th Day of February next.

A Petition of Sir Henry Dutton Colt was read; setting Itvfbnirter forth, that at the Election for Citizens, to serve in this Efeflioa. present Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster. The Right honourable Mr. Secretary Boyle, the Petitioner, and Tho. Med/ycot, Esquire, Steward of the Court of Westminster, were Candidates; and Mr. Boyle

and the Petitioner had the Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and were proclaimed after the usual Manner: That -

John Huggins, Esquire, High Bailiff of the said City and Liberty, during the said Poll, constantly refused to tender the Oath of Abjuration to Papists, and reputed Papists, contrary to the Statute For that Purpose, though the Petitioner several times required him so to do: That, by Combination between l he said Mr. Medlycot and the High Bailiff, a Scrutiny was contrived, and carried on with undue and arbitrary Proceedings, by which means the said Bailiff framed Pretences, that Mr. Medlycot had a Majority of Votes, in order to return him, contrary to Justice, and the Petitioners apparent Right; and many other foul P raft ices were used before, and after, the Poll, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, which will fully appear, upon Examination: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief therein, as shall be thought meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Merits of the said Elect/on, and Return, be heard upon Saturday, the Fourth Day of December next;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

TeUm forth. jne.

Tellers for the Noes, Mrl Zew/hw } 77-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

7 Ann. 25’ Novembris. 13

Jovis, 25* <//* Novembris;

Anno 7* Ann® RegintB, 1708.

Prayers.

Members QOME other Members prefen t took the Oaths, And take Oaths. made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Saltath Writ James Bul/ert Esquire, being chosen Knight of the Shire for the County of Cornwall; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Saltash, in the same County} made his Election to serve for the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Saltajhin the room of the said Buller, Esquire.

lewis Writ Peter Gott, Esquire, being chosen Knight of the Shire for the County of Sussex j and also a Burgess for the Borough of Lewis, in the same County; made ins Election to serve for the County of,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Lewisin the room of the said Peter Gott, Esquire.

Order for Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of keeping Middlesex and Westminsterdo take care, that, from Nine

Streets clear. Qf the Clock in the Morning to Three in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passage through the Streets, between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall, be kept free and open; and that noObftrudlion be made by Cars, Drays, Caits, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Forpre- Ordertd, That the Constables in waiting do take care

venting the re be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-Catuing. juring t|(C Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Biyle reported to the House, that her Addreiies. Majesty having been attended with their Address, To condole with her Majesty, on the Death of his Royal Highness Prince George ot Denmark; and to desire her Majesty to take Care of her royal Person, upon whose Health the Happiness of this Kingdom, and the Liberties of Europe, do lb much depend; and to allure her Majesty, that the Commons of Great Britain will support her Majesty again!! all her Enemies, both at home and abroad; her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious An liver; viz.

That Ihe thanks you very kindly for this Address and that the Concern, which the House has expressed for her Affliction, is very acceptable to her Majesty.

Mr. Secretary Boyle also reported to the House, that her Majesty having been attended with their Address, To congratulate the glorious Success'es of her Arms, and those of her Allies, this present Year; and to allure her Majesty of our utmost Endeavours to enable her Majesty to carry on a vigorous War again!! the common Enemy, until the Liberties of Europe may be secured by a lafe and honourable Peace; and also to support and defend her Majesty, and the Succession, as by Law established, in the Protellant Line, against the Pretender, and all his open and secret Abettors; her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer; viz.

That Ihe returns you many Thanks for all the hearty Assurances you have given her in this Address, particularly for those of assisting her, in bringing this War to a lafe and happy ConduCon, which her Majesty Voi. 16.

does very much desire, for the Ease and Security of her People; and as she does intirely depend upon your Dispatch of the Supplies, necessary to that End, l'o she hopes, God Almighty will still continue to bids the Endeavours of her Majesty, and her Subjects, for the Good of the Common Caule.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Motion, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, the Resolutien, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved,.That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth

agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That-a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy and Navy, for the Year 1709, be laid before this House. Army

Resolved, That an Estimate of the Land Forces, for ^'mttte* the Year 1709, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Estimate of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1709, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account of the particular Expenses for the Ordinary of the Navy, on the several Heads thereof, for the last Year, be laid before this House.

Ref Ax 'td, That an Account of the present Debt of the Navy, upon the respective Heads thereof, be laid before this House.

Replved, That an Account of the Subsidies to her Majesty’s Allies, pursuant to the respective Treaties, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account of the present Debt of the Office of Ordnance be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be plealed to give Directions to the respective Offices, that the said Estimates, and Accounts, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House proceeded upon the Petitions, relating to controverted Elections.

A Petition of Michael Hyde, and Shepherd, Aldborough

Esquires, was read; setting forth, that at tha Election ot Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in Suffolk, the Petitioners, and Sir. Henry

Johnfcn, and I fin. Johnson, Esquire, were Candidates:

That Sir Henry and Mr. Johnson, and their Agents, did, by Threats and other illegal Practices, deter Persons from voting for the Petitioners, and to procure themselves to be ele&ed, and returned: That Hm. Robinson, Gentleman, one of the Bailiffs of the said Borough, permitted divers unqualified Persons to vote for Sir and Mr. Jobson, and has returned them, although the Petitioners haj a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturday, the 11th Day of February next.

A Petition of Thomas Edwards, and MichaelDiar, In- New habitants of the Borough of Nezv Shoreham, in the County Shon-iuua of Sussex, was read; setting forth, that at the late Election Weehou.

of Membe rs, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Nezv Shoreham, Anthony Hammond, Nathaniel Gould, and

Richard Loyd, were Candidates; and Mr. Hammond and

D Mr.

*4

Mr. Loyd were returned; but Mr. Loyd, by treating after the Tefie of the Writ, and other undue Practices, procured himself to be returned, in Breach of the Laws touching Elections, and in Wrong to the Petitioners, and the said Borough: And praying, that the House will give Directions in the Premises, for the Petitioners Relief.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Tuesday, the 15th Day of February next. 1

Leominster A Petition of Farley Esquire, was read; set-

fiedion. ting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford., the Petitioner, with The. Lord Coningsby, and Edward Harley, Esquire, were proposed, and itood Candidates: That no Person ought to have polled, but such, as had been afieffed to the Poor in the precedent Year’s Assessment, according to the last Determination in the House of Commons, of the Right of Election; yet Mr. Thom. Che/mick, the Bailiff, contrary thereunto, did admit several unqualified Persons to vote for Mr. Harley, though the Petitioner excepted against; them: That the new Assessment of the Poor’s Rate was wholly settled by Fran. , and Richard Hodges, who calculated the same for the Service of Mr. Harley, after the Tejle of the Writ, and was ratified by Two Justice^ of the Peace, that solicited Votes for Hit. Harley, and the Petitioner was ... a Sight or Copy, of the said Assessment, though he demanded it: That, during the whole Poll, Edward Bangham and Isaac Tomkins, Two Justices of Peace, Samuel Clerk, Caleb Powell, and fames Cafwall, Receivers General, and all Inhabitants of minder, with John Powle, active Agents for Mr. Harley, behaved themselves in so rude ana violent a Manner to those who came to vote for the Petitioner, that it appeared a Sedition, rather than an Election, and by their indirect Practices with Persons, who had Voices, did in a manner subvert the Freedom of Election; notwithstanding which, the Petitioner was duly elected one of the Burgesses by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been lb returned by the said Bailiff, who refuied to grant the Petitioner a Scrutiny of the Poll, and hath unduly returned the said Mr. Harley, as one of the Burgesses, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying, that the House will appoint him a Time to prove the Matter aforesaid, and relieve him therein.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Thursday, the 17th Day of next.

Hereford A Petition of Henry Gorge, Esquire, was read j setting

E ettion. forth, that the Petitioner had the Honour to serve as Knight of the Shire, in the last and former Parliaments, for the County of Hereford, and was again propounded, the last Election, for a Candidate, with the Lord Scudamore, and John Pryce, Esquire; when the Petitioner was duly elected one of the Knights for this Parliament, and ought to be returned; but the Sheriff hath unduly returned Mr. Pryce: That the Election was not free, by neafon of many illegal and indirect Practices, many Persons being polled without Oath, contrary to the Agreement of the Candidates: That after the Tefe of the Writ, and at the Time of Election, several Freeholders were entertained on Behalf of Mr. Pryce: That many Copyholders were polled for Mr. Pryce; yet none allowed for the Petitioner: That many of the Petitioner’s Votes were mif-entered, and many illegal Votes allowed for Mr. Pryce: That the Sheriff arbitrarily adjourned the Poll the First Day of Election, without Con fen t of the Candidates, and denied the Petitioner a Scrutiny, and Copy of the Poll, when he was outrageously insulted: That a separate Poll was taken at a private House, without Consent of the Candidates: All which Proceedings tend to the manifest Prejudice the Petitioner’s Election, and the V iolation of the Freedom of Parliament:

1708.

his Election, and the Mischiefs, complained of, remedied.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturday the 19th Day of February next.

A Petition of Tho. Bendyjke, Esquire, was read; let- Cambrto* ting forth, that the Petitioner, John Hind Cotton, and tiecUou. Samuel Shepherd Esquires, were Candidates at the late Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for tloe Town of Cambridge-, and the Petitioner was there duly chosen by a Majority of legal Voters, though several such were unduly hindered from voting for him: That not only by Force and Violence, but Bribery, Treating after the Writ, and other undue Practices before the Election, an unprecedented Number of (most Strangers) were made Freemen; whereby a Majority was gained on the Poll by the other Candidates; lb that the Petitioner was not returned, as he ought to have been: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon ‘Tuesday, the last Day of February next.

A Petition of Sir Edward Leighton, Baronet, was read; Shrewflmry setting forth, that the Petitioner flood one of the Candi- Elect*, dates, at the last Election to Parliament, for the Borough of Shrewsbury, and was duly chosen one of the Burgesses by a Majority of good Votes, and ought to have been returned as such; but by Bribery, Menaces, and other ill Practices, of John Kynaflonand Richard Esquires,

the other Candidates, and their Agents, Robert Phillips,

Thomas Phillips, and others, and by the partial Proceedings of IVm. Smith, Esquire, then Mayor, and Judge of the Poll, the said John Kynaston and Richard Milton, procured themselves to be returned, in manifest Wrong to t he Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief, as may confill with their Justice.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Tlturfday, the 24th Day of February next.

A Petition of Francis Robartes, and Russell Robartes, LfftwItMdl Esquires, was read; letting forth, that at the late Election Elechou. of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Lejlwithiell, in Cornwall, the Petitioners were duly chosen by a great Majority of legal Votes; yet Alexander Johns, the Mayor, hath made a Return, contrary to his Duty, of James Kendall and J-fcphAddifon: And praying the Justice of the House in the Matter.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturday, the 26th Day of February next.

A Petition of the chief Magistrates, and Assistants. of Ditt*. the Borough of Lejlwithiell, was read; setting forth, that the Right of Election, to chuse Parliament Men for the said Borough, is in the Mayor, Six chief Magistrates, and Seventeen Assistants, making in the Whole 24; one whereof died before the Election, and the remaining 23 gave their Voices, as follows:

I The honourable Francis Robartes - - 20.

pQr J Tire honourable Russell llobartes - - 17. j James Kendall, Esquire - - - 5.

\ffofeph Addison, Esquire ----- 4.

Nevertheless, Alexander Johns, the Mayor, made a Ret urn for the said James Kendall, and Joseph Addison, to the great Violation of the Rights of the said Borough, and the Petitioners: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the same Time, that the Merits of the Election, and Return, are appointed to be heard, for the said Borough.

APetition of the honourable Lieutenant GenemtChar/es ci.icfcm.nm* And praying, that the House will admit him to prove Rojfewas read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, and the Eu.-a.uu. his Allegations, and restore him to the Right of honourable IVm. Esquire, flood Candidates,

20 to

2 50 Novembris.

7 Ann. 25 Novemb 15

to be elected Knight for the Shire of Clackmannan, to serve in this present Parliament; and that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes; but the Sheriffof the said County admitted Persons to vote for Mr. Dulrymple, who bad their Charters after the Writ, or

were liable to other Disqualifications; by means whereof, and other indirect Practices, the said Mr. Dalrymple was returned, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve him therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon , the First Day of March

next.

Rode A Petition of the honourable George Esquire, Election, was read; letting forth, that the Petitioner, and Hugh Rojfe, junior, Esquire, Rood Candidates, to be elected for the Shire of Rojfe in ,to serve in this Parliament: That Hugh R senior (Father of , junior) being High Sheriff of the said County, deferred the EJedion till near the Time of the Return of the Writ, that by such Delay his said Son’s Interest might be increased, and that those, who were in his IntereR, might qualify themselves to vote; and appointed the Election at Fort Rojfe, which, by CuRom, uled to be at 1 Tone: That the said High Sheriff admitted several to

vote for his Son, who had no Right (against whom the Petitioner gave his Exceptions in Writing) by which means, and other indirect Practices, the Poll was equal, though, in fad, the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; which the Sheriff refused to do, though requested: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Thursday, the jd Day of March next.

FJtAinns in Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ScoiUntL ing next, take into Consideration that Part of the Act for uniting the Two Kingdoms, which relates to the Election of Members to serve in this House for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

five A Petition of Edward Southwell, and John -

Election. ham, Esquires, was read; setting forth, that the Right of eleding Barons, to lerve in Parliament for the Port of Rye in Sussex, is in the Freemen, duly chosen by that Corporation, and in no others: That at the late Election of Barons, to serve in this Parliament for the said Port,

It ho. Grcbell, Esquire, the Mayor, admitted several Persons to poll, who were not duly elected Freemen, according to the Constitution and Custom of the said Town, and contrary to several Determinations in the House of Commons: That, though the Petitioners were duly elected, yet the Major hath returned Philips Esquire, and Sir John Norris, as Members elected for the said Port, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the said Freemen, and the great Prejudice of the Petitioners:

And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, Thar the Merits of the said Election, and

Return, be heard upon Saturdaythe 5th Day of March

next.

Roxbnnjh A Petition of the honourable William Esquire,

Eltvuuu. was reacj. setting forth, that at the Election ofa Knight, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Roxburgh, the Petitioner, and Sir Gilbert Elliot, Rood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the Sheriff of the said Shire admitted several, who had no Right, to vote for Sir Gilbert; by means whereof, and other indirect Practices, the said Sir Gilbert Elliot is returned, to the Petitioner’s great Wrong: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon thursday, the 8th Day of March next.

Vol. 16.

A Petition of John Haldane, Esquire, was read; set- Perth ting forth, that the Election of a to serve Election,

in this Parliament for Perthshire in North Britain, was on the 15th of Junelatt, where the Petitioner, and -

gal Stewart, Esquire, Rood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. Stewart, and his Agents, brought together a great Number of Gentlemen, who never pretended a Right to vote in that County, and who, by the Laws of Scotland, have no Right to elect, or be elected; and by means thereof, and other indirect Practices of the said Dougall Stewart, and his Agents, he was returned, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice: And praying, that the House take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve him according to JuRice.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon thursday, the loth Day ol March next.

A Petition of Sir John Atffiruther was read; setting Fife forth, that the Election of a Commissioner, to serve in Election, this Parliament for the Shire of Fife, was on the aoth of May JaR; and the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Patrick by indi-

red Practices, and Corruption, procured himself to be returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, though many voted for the said Mr. Moncriffe, that had no Right to vote, by the Laws of Scotland, and he himself, having no Freehold, is, by those Laws, uncapable to cled, or be elected: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturday, the 12th Day of March next.

A Petition of Christopher Hams, of the Borough of St. Ive*

St.Ives, in the County of Cornwall, Merchant, and Election.

James tregeare, of the same Borough, Gentleman, on behalf of themselves, and others, the Eledors, Burg-fies of the said Borough of St. Ives, was read; setting torch, that at the Election of Burgesses for this Parliament, for the said Borough, John IIopkiHS, John John South, and John Frade, Esquires, flood Candidates:

That the said Mr. Prade, and his Agents, particularly tho. Sprigs, junior, and tho. Steph, junior, did, by corrupt and illegal Practices, procure himself Thirty Votes, and upwards, and thereby gained a Majority upon the Poll: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturday, the 8th Day of January next.

t

A Petition of Thomas Canham, Esquire, was read; set- g,(|burj ting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in Election* this Parliament for Sudbury, in Suffolk, Sir Harvy El tees,

Philip Skippcn, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates: That Sir Harvey Elwes used divers unlawful Practices to get Votes, and procure himself to be returned by Mr. Benjamin Carter, the Mayor; who acted illegally, in denying several Persons to vote for the Petitioner, and allowing others to vote for Sir Harvey Elwes, who had no Right, and committed other undue and arbitrary Proceedings, and has unjustly returned the said Sir Harvey, although the Petitioner really ought to have been returned, he having a Majority of Votes: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon tuesday, the 15 th Day of March next.

A Petition of Sir Harie Innes, of Innes, was read; £},,,

setting forth, that the Petitioner, and Captain Robert Ur- Election. quhart. Rood Candidates, to be elected Knight of the Shire of Elgin, to serve in this present Parliament; and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes; but the

Sheriff

16 25* — 26* Novembris. . 1708.

Sheriff of the said County admitted several Persons to vote for Mr. Urqubart, who had their Charters after the Teste of the Writ, and others, who had not Freeholds, or the said Mr. Urquhart, or several of those Persons, were liable to other Disqualifications: by means whereof, and of other indirect Practices, the said Robert Urquhart was returned, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice: And praying such Consideration, and Relief, of the House in the Premises, as shall be thought meet. 1

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon ThurJ'daythe 17th Day of March

next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V eneris, 26° die Novembris;

Anno 70 Annas Regina;, 1708. Prayers.

to the respective Offices, that the several Estimates, and Accounts, relating to the Navy, and Land Forces, might be laid before this House , and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Burchet (according to Order) presented to the Navy

House, Estimates.

The ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1709; and also.

An Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, as it flood, on the Heads mentioned in the said Estimate, the 30th of September, 1708.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said ordinary Estimate of the Navy, and Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Ordinary Estimate of the Navy is bound up with the Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy is in the preceding Sheet annexed [ a.]

Aiifwer to Address.

MR. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that her Majesty had been attended with their Address of Yesterday, That (he would please to give Directions

[a.] The Words, " preceding Sheet annexed/’ refer to a Paper, containing a Copy of the last mentioned Estimate, which is bound up in the Journal before the Leaf, whereon this Entry is made; but tht Estimate here follows in the proper Place*

g

eg.

r-+

n'

CD

Q-

cr

t*

o>

o

o

0

rT

Av ESTIMATE of the DEBT of her Majesty’s NAVY, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it stood on the 30th of Sept ember > 1708.

Heads of the Nival Eftinutcs.

Debts, as they flood on the 30th of September 170!.

Particulars*

Before

Since

TOTALS.

this Reign.

Due on Bills in the Second Book, namely ,"\| £, *. d.

Pursers Balance Bills, and for extraordinary f NeceflTary-money, Pensions, Half-pay, Sur-M 15,480 14 8

geons, Free gift, &c. occurred before the I late Reign - - - - J

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs:

Due, to pay oft* and discharge all the Bills, entered in Course on the Ordinary and Extraordinary of her Majesty’s Navy, and all other Debts, arising for Stores delivered . into the Yards, upon Contracts, for which j no Bills were then made out, together with 1 the Debt of the Out-ports - - -J

To her Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards, > for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof j

Seamens* Wages:

Due to several Men, remaining unpaid! m upon the Books of Ships, paid off since the

13th February 1688 - - - - j

To Ships in Sea Pay

To pay off and discharge all the Bills,! entered m Course, for Surgeons’ Necessaries, f Bounty to Widows and Orphans, Pilotage, t ‘ &c. on the Head of Seamen’s Wages - j

Victualling:

Due on Account of victualling her Majesty’s Navy, according to an Account received from the Commissioners thereof

Sick and Wounded:

Due for the Service of the Sick and Wounded, and for Subsistence of French Prisoners, as per an Account received from the Commissioners, appointed for those Services:

Fo. the Sick and Wounded - For Subsistence of French Prisoners

Remaining on the 30th of September 170S, in Money and Tallies, towards

fausfying the said Debt.

I To be rereived frond the Exthrque?, ofl the M"ncy votei’T by the turnout *ble| iloufe of Com moos, in the I ift] SclYmn of Furli.t n>eot, for the Ser vice of the Navy,| for the year 170S

In the Treasurer of the Navy’s Hands.

The aforefniJ Money and Tallies being deduced, the net Debt, on the 30th of September i7ci, wui vie.

Debts, as they stood on the 3o:h of September, 170%.

Register Office.

t.

C d. >5.48° H 8

58,363 3 4

1

1,205,997 5

287,848 -

*04,503 a

>3*7,47* -

*7>598 -

i,*,535 it

M93>*45 5 1 1*58,35* —

1,617,93^ 5 (5 1 *ia,56o

M°i,535 18 5

59>5*5

i3,i86

_______j i Inthe Hands of the

v ^7 *711 — — <Cashierof the Sick — — (and Wounded

c/a

Totals - - - £. j 73>843 lS __

4,^232,665 5 8 1 4,306,509 3 8 1470,911

Particulars.

Before this K Since eign.

Paid to the Seamen, that'! j have bren registered, I pursuant to an Act of I Parli imenton that Ik half, \ according to an Account [ received from the Com- j

miffioLcrf thereof - -J

i.

*,395 -

totals.

d

212,107 12 8

383.50* i»

Mtmoramdmm:

The Sent of £. 107^93. 3i. 3d. fa d to remain in the Treasurer of the Navy's Hands, ctmfifti in; vim.

Applicable to I the Headt of, I

Wear and Tear 1

Seamens’ Wages*

Victualling:

Sick and Wounded* '

£ £ * £. «. j.

Talliet ft ruck on the loth I . O

4*. Aid, payable, after \ ,*4°/X>° 9.°*J

.,w,

,51" sw — f

In Money ----- 9*819 13

Talliea struck on the Duties on 1 , A1«.

Malt, Anno 1707, payable, after J 15»00° 34» S \ 4it3*a II 1%

In Money - 7,117 xi — )

la Money.....- - - - 7,767

In Money, in their CashiePa Hands - 5*030

4 S 1 a

£. 107/393 3 s

Also, there are Tallies in his Hands struck upon the Reversion of Annuities Anno 1705, to the Value 0^.53,673, which, as Money shall be raised upon them, is to be applied, as the Right honourable the Lora High Treasurer shall direct.

Admiralty Office, *6 November 1708.

A true Copy of the Original, received from the Navy Board.

a 6° Novembris.

i8 26" Novembris. . 1708.

Xmndctt Sir Henry Peachy, being chosen a Knight of the Shire A Petition of Sir Thomas Baronet, was read: chichester

Writ. for the County of Sussex; and also a Burgess for the setting forth, that the Petitioner, Tho. , Esquire, and Election. Borough of Arrundell, in the same County *, made his Sir Richard ,flood Candidates at the Election

Election to serve for the County of Sussex. of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the City of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Chichester; and Mr. Car and the Petitioner were duly the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for chosen; yet the said Sir Richard, by means of Mr. the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Vavafor the Mayor’s partiality, in Management of the for the said Borough of Arrundell, in the room of the said Poll, and Scrutiny, and Sir , by himself, and

Sir Henry Peachy. ' Agents, using divers illegal Practices, procured himself to

bfc returned with Mr. Car, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice:

Lyme Rem T*!e ^ou^c proceeded tp take into Consideration the And praying such Relief, as to the House shall seem

Petitions, relating to controverted Ekdions. meet.

A Petition of Henry Henley, Esquire, was read; set- That the Matter of the said Petition be heard ting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve at the same Time, that the Merits of the said Election, in this Parliament for Lyme Regis, in the County of Dor-and Return, are appointed to be heard. set, the Petitioner was duly elected one of the Burgesses;

notwithstanding which, the M-tyor hath returned Tho. A Petition of Sir James Mackenzie, Baronet, was read; -j-ain*. fee.

Freke, and Job. Burridge, Esquires, as Burgesses, to the setting forth, that at the Election of a Burgess, to serve EledUoa.

Petitioner’s great Prejudice: And praying, that the in this present Parliament for the Boroughs of Taine,

House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give Dingwall, Dornoch, Wick, and Kirkwall, in North Britain, such Redress, as shall seem meet. on the 26th of May last, Wm. Lord Strathnaver,

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner Return, be heard upon Saturday, the 19th of March was elected by Three of the Five Commissioners, ap-

next. pointed by the said Five Boroughs, and therefore ought

Ditto. And a Petition of several of the Capital Burgesses, Free- to have been returned as a Burgess, to serve for the said

men, and Freeholders, Inhabitants within the Borough Five Boroughs: That, contrary to Justice, and in manifest of Lyme Regis, in the County of Doxfet, in behalf of Prejudice of the Petitioner, and his Constituents Right, themselves, and others, was read; setting forth, that the the said Lord Strathnaver (after divers illegal Methods) Petitioners, having a Right to vote for chusing Bur- procured himself to be returned, though his Eleiflion geffes, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, did, labours under several intrinlick Nullities, which plainly at the last Election, appear, and demanded to poll for make it void in Law; For, ill, He is elected only by Henry Henley, Esquire; and that the Votes of the Peti- Two of the said Five Commissioners: 2d, David tioners, and other the Eledors, who voted for the said Rosse (One of those Two Commissioners) was illegally

Mr. Henley, made a great Majority for him; but the chosen in several, and, particularly, by the undue inter-

Mayor of the said Borough refused to poll several of the meddling Influence and Votes of Wm. Lord Refs, a Peer, Petitioners, who were Freeholders, inhabitant therein, and of the said Lord Strathnaver, the eldest Son of a and hath returned Thomas Freke and John Burridge, Peer: 3dly, Because he is not of the Age of One- Esquires, in Violation of the Petitioners Rights: And and-twenty Years, and therefore not capable to elect, or praying, that the House will grant such Relief in the be elected: 4-thly, Though he had been of Age, yet,

Premises, as shall be thought fit. by the Laws of North Britain, he could not represent any

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard County or Borough therein, as being the eldest Son of at the same Time, that the Merits of the said Election, the Earl of Southerland, a Peer: That the Petitioner did, and Return, are appointed to be heard. at the Time of the said Election, protest (upon the

Grounds aforesaid) against all these illegal Proceedings:

Camdford #. A Petition of Henry Manaton, Esquire, was read; set- And praying, that the House will take his same into Con-Election. ting forth, that on the 17th of May last Richard Mun- sideration, and give him such Relief, as shall seem just.

den, John Manley, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood That the Merits of the said Election, and

Candidates for Burgesses, to serve in this present Par- Return, be heard upon Saturday, the 26th Day of March Iiament for the Borough of Camelford, in Cornwall: That next.

Mr. Manley, and his Agents, used illegal Practices to

obtain Votes at the Election, and thereby got himself A Petition of Tho. Searle, John Breet, and several others Milboum returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Milboum Port, in Port

elected: And praying the Relief of the House in the the County of Somerset, who pay Scotland Lot within the EledUon.

Premises. said Borough, was read; setting forth, that Sir Thomas

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Travell, and Tho. Medlicott, Esquire, did at the last

Return, be heard upon Tuesday the 22d Day of March Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the

next. fold Borough, procure themselves to be elected, and re-

turned, by reason of divers irregular Practices, done by Chichester A Petition of several Freeholders, and Inhabitants, themselves, and Agents, and also by the Capital Bailiffs,

Election. Citizens of the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, or their Deputies, and Sub-bailiffs; whereby the Peti-in behalf of themselves, and others, was read; setting tioners were most unjustly deprived of giving their Votes, forth, that at the late Election of Members, to serve in pursuant to their ancient Rights, and thereby they are un-Parliament for the said City, there flood Candidates Tho. duly represented in this Parliament: And praying, that Car, Esquire, Sir Richard Farrington, and Sir Tho. they may be heard, what they have to offer relating to Littleton: That by Bribery, Menaces, and other illegal the Premises, and be relieved, as the House shall think fit. and partial Practices, before and at the Election, and the Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Re-Mayor's allowing or dilallowing, such Votes, as he turn, be heard upon Tuesday, the 29th Day of March next, thought fit, the said Sir Richard Farrington got himself

returned, in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine Cruisers an/J the Petitioners, and Prejudice of Sir Tho. Littleton, who the Accounts, which have been laid before this House, of Convoys, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And what Ships have been employed as Cruisers and Convoys, praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, over and above the Ships for the Line of Battle, and for and Relief therein. Convoys to remote Parts; and also the Estimate of the

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, as it flood, on the Heads Return, be heard upon Thursday, the 24th Day of March mentioned in the said Estimate, the 30th of September, next. and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

And

7 Ann.

26* Novembris.

19

And it is referred to Mr. Hampden, Sir Strickland, Mr. A levill, Sir Just. IJh, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

mere, Mr. Ward, Mr. Ayjlaby, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. for non, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Francis Mr.

ton, Lord Wm. Powlet, Sir JVm. Scawen, Mr. Cecill, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Grakme, Mr. Duff, Mr. Baity, Mr. Hey/ham, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Pit, Sir Robert

Eden, Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Irefon. Sir IVm. Gordon, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Grevill, Sir Sam. Garrard, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Tho. Sir Hanmer,

Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Ferrier,

Colonel Moreton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Booth, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Sir John

Whit wrong, Mr. Travers, Mr. Archer, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Fane, Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Ellis, Lord Arch. Hamilton, Sir Wm. Wythers, Mr. Fane -, and all that serve for the Seaports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power

the Commission, constituting the Commissioners of the Navy, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the CommilConen of the Navy do lay Commi*on«i before this House, the Names of the Commissioners, cm-ployed in the Out-ports; and Copies of the Warrants for such their Employment; and an Account of the Allowances made to them.

Mr. Walpole (according to Order) presented to the House,

Estimate of 40,000 Men, to ad in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Low Countries, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1709 j and also,

E It i mate of the 20,000 Men, Troops of Augmentation, and of other Forces, since taken into the Service of her to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to fit Majesty, and the States General, with the Charge there* die in diem. of, for the Year 1709.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her And the Estimates are as follow; viz.

Majesty, that Ihe will be pleated to give Directions, that

The laid ESTIMATE of 40,000 Men, to ad in Conjunction with the Forces Of the Allies in the Low Countries, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1709.

Array

Numbers.

Lieutenant General ’s Regiment I Lieutenant General Hor/e - - / Major General -

j Major General Palmer's (Duke of Schonburg's

D__n-n. T Ear* of Stair's - - -Dragoons, j Lieut(.nant General

Royal Regiment -

Duke of Argyle*s

Major General Webb's Lord North and Grey's Major General Howe's Colonel Godfrey's 1 Lieutenant General Ingoldby's Foot - Colonel Lalo's

Brigadier Sabine's

Brigadier Primrose - -

Colonel Preston's Sir Richard Temple's Major General Another Regiment ^Brigadier Evan's

General Officers - -

Contingencies, upon Account Forage and Waggon-money, on Account

598

400 400 400 400

662 662

1,876

93s 9 38 938 938 93* 938 93* 93* 93* 938 938 938 93* 867

2,198

*>32 4

Charge per Annuo.

s.

121,157 6 8

46,233 6 8

14.937

*58»6 *4 S 10

Foreigners.

(Danes -J Prussians 1 Hessians -(..Hanover and Cell

Total for the

Bread Waggons for the 40,000 Men - For Forage, Waggon-money and Recruits, for the Foreigners,) pursuant to the Treaty, upon Account *j

s. d. 18,459 426,900 19

23785 — 10 I

10,000 16,825 10 —

50,610 10 10 477,5" 10 —

on [ m

6,0001 - 116,282 15 —

- 2, S3 3 1 ~ 43,018 18 6

3,080 I m 53,^85

10,000 -j 21,612 171,329 *® —

t- s. d. 40,071 I 861,827 13 6

- 20,000 —

20,000 -

Increase in the English, for the Year 1709.

By an Addition of Six Men to each of the Eight Troops, and One additional) Troop to each Regiment, of Dragoons, commanded by the Earl of Stair and > Lieutenant General Ross - - - " ,

Vol. 16.

40,000 — — 1-901,827 13 6

7.555 10 —

Ck

Supply.

40

46° Novembris.

A. 1708.

ESTIMATE of the 20,000 Men, Troops of Augmentation, and of other additional Forces, fmce taken into the Service of her Majesty, and the States General, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1709.

English Foot.

Earl of Orrtry's Regiment Three Regiments more

Holstein

Two Regiments of Dragoons Two Regiments <?f Foot

Mnnfter.

Three Regiments of Foot -Hefte Caflelt.

One Regiment of Foot Osnabrug.

One Regiment of Foot O ft Frize.

One Regiment of Foot Liege.

One Regiment of Dragoons Two Regiments of Foot One Regiment of Foot more

Palatines.

Four Regiments of Foot -

Danes.

Surplus of the Danes, Part of the 40,000 Men, transferred to the Establishment} of the Troops of Augmentation -

Saxe Gotha.

Two Regiments of Dragoons -

Two Regiments of Foot -

Numbers.

876

4,6a8

x,ix6

1,766

58‘

*>S96

797

892

1,708

One Half foe her Majesty

Which Sum of 1,714,137 Gil. :o St. at 10 Gil. 10 St. to the Pound Sterling, 7 makes.....j

Bread Waggons for the 10,000 Men - ----- 5,000

For Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, for the Foreigners - 9,260

Total for her Majesty’s Share of the Charge of the Troops of Augmentation

Other additional Forces.

Palatines.

Her Majesty’s Share, being 4-ds of the Charge of 3,000 Palatines

Saxons.

Her

One

Bothrmn*s.

Her 800 Men

oaxvui.

Majesty’s Share, being a Moiety of the Charge of 4,639 Saxons, confiding of) ne Regiment of Horse, Two of Dragoons, and Four of Foot - - -)

Bothmefe.

Majesty’s Share, being a Moiety of the Charge of a Regiment of Dragoons, of} >0 Men - ' ——

Brought down from above

R. Walpole.

2>974

2,600

520 a,600

20,011

Charge per Annum.

10,005

2,000

2»3*9

400

4,7T 9 10,005

Gil. St

3»5°4 667,037 10

4,882 578.9*1

2,442 352.754 5

885 144,621 >5

807 110,646 18

797 *3»4°5 10

497.513

322,321

5

5

*74,752 *7

488,260 10

3,428,275 o

1.7*4.137 10

s. d. *63,251 3 6

14,260 — —

*77.511 3 6

34,451 13 4 43,251 12 6

9,269 16 6

4.7*4

*6,773 a 4 *77,5" 3 6

264,284 5 10

Ordered, That the said Estimates be referred to the Mr. Farm reported from the Committee, that they Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed the Supply granted to her Majesty. him to report, when the House will please to receive the

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, fame, for the Year 1709, be referred to the said Committee. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself ir,

into a Committee of the ,hoh Hoot, to consider of the }*’: *lfo ac9"am,'<1 ,h' »"

Supply pawed to her Majesty. "a'd !he Committee to move, that they may have

hfc Speaker left the Chair. !° 5‘ ,c- , f ...

Mr. &n,r tool* the Chair of the Committee. Reived, l hat thia House will, upon

Mr. Speaker tefumed the Chaiu MoInme r5fol" "self "to Comm"," of <h'

7 Ann.

2 6" — 27 " Novembris.

21

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Tuesday, the 5th Day of April next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat/, 2 70 die Novembris;

Anno 7* Ann* Reginas, 1708. Prayer s.

Cirencester

Election.

Thetford

Election.

A Petition of Sir John Baronet, was read;

setting forth, that a Return is made by the Sheriff of the County of Fife, for the District of Dyfart, that John Sine la ire, was elected Commissionerto this Parliament by the Four Burghs of that District, viz. Dyfart, Kirkaldie, Bruntisland, and ;whereas the Petitioner was duly elected for the said District; for that Three of the Commissioners, viz. John Mortimar for Dyfart, John Miller for Kirkaldie, and Robert Bruce for Kinghorn, Leave of (ORDERED, That Sir Edward Seymour have Leave all legally constitute by their several Commissions, met. Alienee. to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health, by Appointment, a on the 26th of May last, in

order to elect their Commissioner to Parliament; and there The House proceeded upon the Petitions, relating to also came Alexander Anderson for Bruntisland, though not controverted Elections. legally constitute, being he could not produce any Com-

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough million from his constituent Buigh, but only a pretended of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, on behalf of inefficient one from a few of the Commonalty, eleding themselves, and others of the said Borough, was read; him by way of Poll, which is contnuy to the Manner of setting forth, that at the late Election of Burgesses, to Elections, settled by the Act of Parliament, forchufing serve in the ensuing Parliament for the said Borough, Sixteen Peers, and Forty-five Commoners, torepresent Tho. Onslow, Charles Cox, and Allen Bathurst, Esquires, Scotland-, so that consequently there did remain but Three were Candidates: That by notorious Bribery, and other Commissioners, legally constituted; out of which Two, undue Practices of M r. Bathurst, Mr. Cox, and their viz. for Kirkaldie and Kinghome, voted for the Petitioner; Agents, and Mr. Robert Brereton, Steward, and returning whereby he conceives himself duly elected; but the said Officer, for the said Borough, they procured themselves John Mortimar, Commissioner for the presiding Burgh, to be returned, in prejudice to the Petitioners: And did admit the said his Vote, contrary

praying, that they may be relieved in such Manner, as to Law; and pretending the reby, that their Voices were the House shall think fit. even, did (as President) take upon him a double Vote;

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Re- so that, by influencing his own Clerk, the said John turn, be heard upon Thursday, the jtft Day of MarchMajier was returned to the Sheriff, as duly elected; all

next. which Matters will appear by an attested Extract of the

Minutes of the Election, ready to be produced: And A Petition of Owen Meyrick, Esquire, Mayor, and praying the Relief of the House against the Injustice of Thomas Evans, Bailiff, Wm. Meyricke, Esquire, and fVm. the said Return, in such Manner, as they shall think fit. Wynn, Gentleman, Burgesses of the Borough of Newbo- Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Re-rough, in the County of Anglesey, and also of Thomas turn, be heard upon Thursday, the 7 th Day of April next. Jones and John Davies, Burgesses of the Borough of

Bewmaris, in the said County, in the behalf of themselves, _ A Petition of John Effington, Esquire, was read; set-and several others of the Burgesses of the said Boroughs, ting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in was read; setting forth, that the Right of eleding a Bur- this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, gefs, to serve in Parliament for the said Boroughs, is in Simon Mayne, Esquire, Sir John Whit wrong, and the Pc-all the Burgesses of both Boroughs: That at the late titioner, were Candidates; and upon a Poll, then taken, Election ofaBurgels for this Parliament, SirA/thurOwen, Mr. Mayne and the Petitioner were duly elected; but and Henry Bertie, Esquire, flood Candidates; and the there being Four Constables, thatreturn Members for the major Part of the Burgesses of both Boroughs, then laid Borough, Two of them, Wm. Ray, and present, voted for Sir Arthur Owen: That Wm. Ozven, did encourage, and admit, several Persons to Esquire, Mayor, John Evans and Daniel Parry, Bailiffs, vote for Sir John, that had no Right, and set down for of Beaumaris (being Friends to Mr. Bertie) rejected the him those, that voted for the Petitioner, and refused di-Votes of the Petitioners, and a great Number of the rest vers good Votes for him; and by corrupt Practices others of the Burgesses of both the said Boroughs; and Mr. were prevailed upon to vote for Sir John Whit wrong-, Bertie hath procured himself to be returned, in wrong and Ray and Humfreys have returned Sir John, and Mr. to the Petitioners, and Sir Arthur Owen, who was duly Mayne, and the other Two Constables have returned (by elected, as aforesaid; and yet in the said Return no No- Indentures) Mr. Mayne, and the Petitioner; which last tice is taken of the Borough of New borough: And pray- Return the High Sheriff accepted, and by his Under-ing the House to take the Premises into Consideration, sheriff executed a Counterpart thereof; yet the Sheriff and relieve them therein. hath not returned the Petitioner: And praying Relief in

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Re- the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturday, the Ninth Day of April next.

Dyfart, &c. Election.

Beaumaris

Election.

Ayleflmry

Election.

turn, be heard upon Saturday, the 2d Day of April next.

A Petition of Daniel Campbell, Esquire, was read; set-

A Petition of Sir Thomas Hanmer, Baronet, and Dudley North, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Thetford in Norfolk, there flood Candi- ting forth, that at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in dates, the Petitioners, Tho. De Gray, and Robert Baylis, this Parliament for the Boroughs of Renfrew,

Esquires; and the Petitioners had thereat a Majority of Dunbarton and Rut her glen, Mr. Robert Rodger, and the legal Voters, and ought to have been returned; but Ro- Petitioner Hood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly bert Candell, the pretended Mayor, refused the Votes of chosen by such, as were qualified to vote; and though divers, duly qualified, and offered to vote for the Peti- Mr. Rodger used many indirect Practices, neither he, nor tioners, and admitted others to vote for Mr. De Gray, his Constituents, the Magistrates and Town Council of and Mr. Baylis, who were not duly qualified; by reason Glasgow, nor the Magistrates of have taken

whereof, and other illegal Practices, in order to, and at, the Oaths, in the Terms of the Act of Union; never-the said Election, the said Mayor hath returned Mr. De theless, Mr. Rodger hath procured himself returned. Gray, and Mr. Baylis, contrary to Justice, and in preju- contrary to Justice, and in wrong to the Petitioner: And dice to the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Pre- praying the House to consider the Premises, and give mises, in such Manner, as the House shall think fit. him such Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Vo 1. 16. F

Glasgow, See. Election.

Ordered,

Dumfriei

Election.

Cwat

Marlow

EJe&km.

Ditto.

Leicdter

Elfdioa.

Fowy

Election.

22 27* Novembris. 1708.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Tuesday, the 12th of April next.

A Petition of Wm. Greir ( junior, of

Lagg, in the County of Dumfries, Esquire, was read; felting forth, that upon the 24th of Jutte last the Petitioner was duly elected a Knight, to serve in this Parliament for the said County, by the Majority of the Freeholders there present; notwithstanding which, the Sheriff hath returned the honourable James Lord Johnston (eldell Son to the Marquis of Annandale)as elected for the said Shire, although he was under Age at the Time of the Election, and by the Laws and Custom of North Britain is also otherwise uncapable of being elected a Representative for the said Shire: And praying the House to

hear this Matter} that Right may be done.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Thursday, the 14th Day of April next.

A Petition offeveral of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Great Mar.'ozv, in the County of Bucks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, there (food Candidates, the Lord Archibald Hambleton, Sir James Ettrick, Knight, and James

Chafe, Esquire: That the Right of electing Members is in all the Inhabitants, living within the said Borough, except those, that receive Alms from the same: That the Petitioners gave their Votes for the said Lord Archibald

Haml'lettn, and he was elected by a Majority of the said Eledors, and ought to have been returned; yet Sir James Ettrick and Mr. Chafe are returned; whereby the Petitioners are not duly represented: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturthe 16th Day of next.

Another Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Great Marlow, having been left with the Clerk of the House, complaining also of the Election, and Return, of James Chafe, Esquire, to serve for the said Borough; and all the Persons, who had subscribed the said Petition, having since sent to him a Writing, signed by them, desiring, that the said Petition may bewithdrawn;

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

A Petition of the several Freeholders of the County of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was read; setting forth, that r.t the last Election of Knights, to serve in this Parliament for the said County, there were Candidates, Sir Gilbert , Baronet, George

Ashby, Jeffery Palmer, and Henry Tate. Esquires: That the Petitioners voted for Sir Gilbert Pickering, and Mr.

Ashby; and they were duly elected by a Majority of legal Voices, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. Palmer, and his Agents, by Bribes, Menaces, Treats, and other indirect: Practices, procured many Persons to vote for him, and hindered many others from voting for Mr. Ashby; and Mr. Palmer is returned, in manifest Wrong of the Petitioners: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Confederation, and relieve them, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Tuesday, the 19th Day of next.

A Petition of John Fortescue Aland, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioner was a Candidate, and had a Majority of legal Voices; but by the Corruption, and arbitrary Proceedings, of Charles Portreeve

of the said Borough, in rejecting the Petitioner’s Voters, and admitting others, which had no Voices, and by several other undue Practices, Geo. Esquire, was

returned, as duly elected, in prejudice of the Petitioner, and the Rights of the said Borough: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House Hull think fit.

>7

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Thursday, the 21st Day of April next.

A Petition of the Mayor, and divers Burgesses, of the ancient Borough of Wiston, in the County of Pembroke, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Burgesses of the said Borough, was read; setting forth, that is an

ancient Borough by Prescription, and the Mayor and Burgesses thereof, together with the Mayor and Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of Pembroke, and the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of Tenby, in the said County, have a Right to vote at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pembroke, and ought to have publick Notice of every Election; which Right they have frequently exercised, and have had such Notice by the Mayor of Pembroke: That Sir Arthur Owen, Baronet, with Intent to gain the Government of Pembroke wholly into his own Hands, and deprive the Petitioners of their said Right at such Elections, procured himself to be elected Mayor thereofin 1704 (though, by their Charters, he was not qualified so to be) and continued Mayor for Two Years (though not legally admitted) making great Numbers of his Friends, Tenants, and Servants (many not living within the Liberties of broke) to be Common-council-men, contrary to the Charters of the Borough: That, the better to effect this unjust Design.Sir Arthur Owe afterwards procured one Jabez Rickfon (a mean Person and no Householder within the Borough of Pembroke) to be elected Mayor; and he also irregularly admitted great Numbers of the Friends and Tenants, Dependants and Servants, of Sir to be Burgesses of Pembroke; and he solicited on Sir Arthur's, behalf, when the Time of Election for this Parliament was drawing near, and proceeded to the Election, without giving Notice to the said Borough of IViJion; and some of the Petitioners (being by Accident at the said Election) were denied their Votes by the said Mayor; whereby, and by otherundue Practices, the said Sir Arthur Owen procured himself to be elected, and returned, and the Petitioners are in danger of losing their said just Right of Election, unless relieved by the House: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Saturday, the 23d Day of next.

A Petition of the Right honourable Sir Cha. Hedges, Knight, was read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cain, in the County of Wilts, the Petitioner, Edward Baynton, and Geo. Ducket, Esquire, Hood Candidates; and the Petitioner and Mr. Baynton were duly elected, and returned to the Sheriff of the County by an Indenture, to which the ancient Seal of the said Borough was affixed by the proper Officer: That Mr. Ducket, by indirect Practices, gained several Votes, and procured himself to be returned to the Sheriff by one, that was not the proper Officer, and by an Indenture, leased with a new Seal for that Purpose: That the Sheriff refused to annex the Petitioner’s Indenture to the Writ, and, contrary to his Duty, hath returned Mr. Ducket one of the Burgesses, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises.as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thai the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be heard upon Tuesday, the 26th Day of next.

A Petition of Thomas Webb. S-'rjeant at Law, on the behalf of himself, and others, being the Majority of the Common-council of the Borough incorporate ot me Devizes, in the County of Wilts, was read; setting fbith, that the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is only in the Mayor and Burgesses: That a Writ issuing to the High Sheriff, for chuling Two Members, to serve in this Parliament, for the said Borough, Jfuih Diston, a Blackwell-hall Factor, prevailed upon Robert Payne, Gentleman, the Lnder-she-

riff, to deliver his Precept to John Ey/es, Esquire, as

Mayor

Pembroke

Llediuu.

Caine

Election.

Devize*

Wm.

7 Ann.

27" Novembris.

*3

Aberdeen

Lktiion.

Mayor of the said Borough (although Mr. Ey/W was not who shall have the Courage to refill their irtCroaching Mayor, nor so much as a Member of the Body corpo- upon, or giving up, the Rights and Privileges of the rate, there being at that Time no Mayor) who, at the In- Commons: And praying, that the House will take the (ligation of the said Air. Dison, undertook, and did exe- Matter into Consideration, not only as it relates to a pre-cute the said Precept, and hath returned Paul Methiven, sent Incroachment, made on the Petitioners particular Esquire, and the said Mr. Dison, to l'erveas Members in Right and Privileges, but (what is offer greater Moment) Parliament for the said Borough, though they were not as, in all Probability, it will, in a very short time, fen-Jegally chosen: That the Petitioner is, and, when the sibly affid the very Being and Constitution of a British Precept was executed, was. Recorder of the said Borough, House of Commons, by bringing our small Representa-and one of the Common-council, anti, as Recorder, is# tion into the Hands a numerous and powerful Peerage; (by the Charter of the said Borough) the chief Officer in the Consequence whereof they have but too great Cause the Vacancy cf a Mayor; and that he, and others of the to fear, and submit themselves. Liberties, and Privileges, Common-council, making a Majority thereof (before the into the secure Pro ted ion, and wife Provision, of a Bri-(2id John Exits executed the said Precept) lent to forbid tish Parliament.

the lame, and demanded the Precept, and, for the Rea- Ordered, That the Afatterof the said Petition, and Re-lons aforesaid, not only refu fed to attend, and give their presentation, betaken into Consideration upon Votes, but lent a Protection, in Writing, against his Morning next, when that part of the Act for uniting the said Proceedings; and therefore the said Borough is not Two Kingdoms, which relates to the Election of Mem-duly represented in this Parliament: And praying the bers, to serve in this House for that Part of Great Britain House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant called Scotland, is to be taken into Consideration. them Relief therein. A Petition, and Representaf ion, of Sir Thomas,

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Re- of Leys, "John Farquharson, of Inver raid, Alexander -turn, be heard upon Thursday, the 28 th Day of April next, ving, of Alexander Gordon, of Mr.

Irvine, of Cults, James Moir, of Stonywood,

A Petition and Representation, of Alexander Irving, Erskine, elder, of , George Leith, of Overhall,

of Drum, Alexander Gordon, of Pitlurg, Thomas Erjkin, John Urquhart, of John Elphinjoun, younger,

of Pittodry, and James Moir, of Stonywood, Barons and of Glack, Alexander Gordon, of Troup, Sir Forbes,

Freeholders within the Shire of Aberdeen, in behalf of of Mr. Arthur Forbes, of Gor-

t hem ft Ives and others, having a Right to vote in Klee- don, of Alexander Skene, of that Ilk, Tho. Er~

tions for Members of Parliament, and to be legally re- /tine, of Pittodery, Sir Alexander Seaton, of Pitmedden, presented in the House of Commons of Great Britain, Mr. Tho. Burnet, of Colonel John ,of

was read; letting forth, that by the 22d Article of the C Mr. John of Logie, and Mr. Union it is enacted, That a Writ shall issue under the Alexander Iriving, of Savoc, was read, letting forth the Great Seal, foreleding45 Members, to fit in the House aforesaid Matter, in the same Words, as the preceding of Commons of the Parliament of GreatB> itain, in such Petition, and Representation, of Alexander Irving, of

Manner, as by a susbequent_ Ad, of the then Session of Drum, and others.

Parliament of Scotland, shall be settled: That by the said Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition, and Re-subsequent Ad it is exprd'sly enacted, That none shall be presentation, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday capable to elrd, or be elected, to represent a Shire, or Morning next, when that Part of the Act for uniting the Burgh, in the Parliament of Great Britain, for this Part Two Kingdoms, which relates to the Election of Members, to lerve in this House for that Part of Great Britain ailed Scotland, is to be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of Sir Philip Boteler, Baronet, was read; setting forth, that at the Election of Barons, to serve in

of the United Kingdon, except such, as are now capable to elect, or be elected: That the eldest: Son of any Peer of the Realm could not fit as a Commissioner, to represent any Shire, or Burgh, in the Parliament of Scotland, as it is evident from the following remarkable Instances, now extant upon the Records of Parliament; viz. this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Hythe, " Edinburgh, the 23d of April, 1685. in Kent, the Petitioner, John Boteler, the honourable " In respect the Viscountof Tarbat's eldest Son, who John Fane, and IVm. Brockman, Esquires, Rood Candiwas elected one of the Commissioners for the Shire of dares; and the Petitioner had the Majority of Mr. Fane, " Ross, by reason that his Father is nobilitar, cannot now upon the Mayor’s Poll, and ought to have been returned " represent that Shire, as one of their Commissioners, with Mr. John Boteler', yet Hen>y Deeds, Esquire, hath " Warrand was given to the Freeholders of that Shire, to returned the said Mr. Fane with Mr. Boteler, in wrong to " meet, and elect another fit Person in his Place:" the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in

" Edinburgh, the 18th of March 1689. the Premises.

"The Meeting of the Estates having heard the Re- Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Re

Hythe

Election.

" port of the Committee for Elections, bearing, that in the contravened Election for the Burgh of Linlithgow, in Favours of the Lord Livingston, and William Hig-

turn, be heard upon Saturday the 30th day of April next.

Election

Petition*.

Ordered, That the Counsel, retained to be heard at Counsel on the Bar in Caules upon controverted Elections, be called controverted in at Eleven a Clock those Mornings, that are appointed e£t,ons-

Wagers re-

Ordered, That all Persons, that will question any Elecgins, it is the Opinion of the Committee, that Wm.Hvg- tions, to be made upon new Writs, do present their Pegins'Commission ought to be preferred; First, in re- titions within Fourteen Days after the Return shall be

" gard of the Lord Livingstons Incapacity to represent a delivered to the Clerk of the Crown.

" Burgh, being the eldest Son of a Peer; Secondly, in " respect Wm. Higgins was more legally and formally " elected by the Plurality of Votes of the Burgesses; they " have approven, and approves, the said Report, in both -

" Heads thereof, and interpones their Authority thereto:" *or *uc*1 f*eanngs-That, nevertheless, the Power and Influence of the O

Scottish Nobility is so great, that in many Places their viate and prevent all Wagers that shall be laid, relating to p^jf^0 th® eldest Sons have at this Time been chosen, to repre- the Publick: and that Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Lozvndesjand ° *C sent both Shires and Burghs, in the House of Commons Mr. Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the BUI. of Great Britain, and particularly in the Shire of Aberdeen; which, the Petitioners conceive, is, (at this Juncture) Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the

a Precedent of that Consequence, that, if not prevented. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider the Eledors and Freeholders in future Time will never of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, be able to wichstand so powerful an Interest, but rather, they had directed him to report to the House; which he by continual Discouragements, the Majority of them mull read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Table; become subservient to the Nobility indcpreffingall those, where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Vol. 16. Resolved,

Supply.

n.

Ways and Means.

24 27* — 29"

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty thousand Men be employed in the Sea Service, for the Year 1709, including Eight thousand Marines.

Rtfohed, That it it the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 4 a Man be

allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1709.

Rtfohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Forty thousand Men, which were raised, to ad in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty’s Allies, be continued for the Year 1709.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred and One thousand Eight hundred Twenty-seven Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Six-pence, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men for the Service of the Year 1709.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committe, That the additional Forces, of Ten thousand Men, be continued for the Year 1709.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-seven thousand Five hundred Eleven Pounds, Three Shillings, and Six-pence, be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men for the Service of the Year 1709.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That her Majesty’s Proportion of Three thousand Palatines, formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty, and the States General, be continued for the Year 1709.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four thousand Two hundred Fifty-one Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Four

g:nce, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty’s roportion of the Charge of maintaining the said Three thousand Palatines, for the Service of the Year 1709.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That her Majesty’s Proportion of Four thousand Six hundred Thirty-nine Saxons, taken into the Service of her Majesty, and the States General, in the Year 1707, be continued for the Year 1709.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-three thousand Two hundred Fifty-one Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Sixpence, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of maintaining the said Four thousand Six hundred Thirty-nine Saxons, for the Service of the Year 1709.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That her Majesty’s Proportion of s Regiment

of Dragoons, conlifting of Eight hundred Men, taken into the Service of her Majesty, and the States General, in the Year 1707, be continued for the Year 1709.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingNine thousand Two hundred Sixty-nine Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Six-pence, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of maintaining of the said Regiment of Dragoons, for the Service of the Year 1709.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, Nemine tontradicente.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Novembris. A. 1708.

Luna, 2 9° die Novembris;

Anno 7* Annae Reginae, 1708.

Prayers.

THE Right honourable the Lord Ryalton, being Ilelfron chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of "rit-Oxm; and allb a Burgess for the Borough of He/ston, in the County of Cornwall j made his Election to serve for the County of Oxon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Helfton, in the room of the said Lord Ryalton.

The honourable Henry Thynn, Esquire, being chosen Weobley a Burgess for the Borough of Weymouth, in the County \\ m. of Dorset; and also for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of Hereford; made his Election to serve for the Borough of Weymouth.

Ordered [That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobley, in the room of the said Henry Thynn, Esquire.

Thomas Onslow, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for ijaflPmwe the Borough of Blecbingly, in the County of Surrey; and Writ, also for the Borough of Haslemere, in the same County 5 made his Election to serve for the Borough of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Haflem&e, in the room of the said Thomas Onslow, Esquire.

George Dodington, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for Winchelsea the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of ;Writ,

and also a Com-baron, for the Port of Winchelsea; made his Election to serve for the Borough of Bridgwater.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Cotn-baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Winchelsea, in the room of the said George Dodington, Esquire.

Mr. Mountagu (according to Order) preftnted to the Woollen

House, a Bill for the Encouragement of those, who are Manufacturers of the Woollen, Iron, and Linen, Manu-fadures of this Kingdom, and for the more ealy Recovery of Wages, due for the working up the said Manufactures, and to Day-labourers; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Huggins, the High Bailiff of WestmimTer the City of Westminster, do forthwith lay before this LlccU.n. House, the original Poll Books of the last Election for the said City, and the Names of those Persons, which he, upon his Scrutiny, has disallowed, together with their several Additions, and Places of Abode.

The Right honourable the Earl of Hertford, being Marlborough chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Wnu

berland; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts -, made his Election to serve for the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlborough, in the room of the said Earl of Hertford.

The House (according to Order resolved itself into a Ways and Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr.

.3

'Si

y

7 Ann.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Fairer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, that they bad come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer allb acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they nuy have Leave to tit again.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect L*wt‘ the Laws expired, and near expiring; and report to the House, what are fit to be revived, or continued.

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Mountagu, Lord Powlet, Mr. Mason, Mr Mr. Foley, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dolben, Sir Peter King, Mr. Mr. Bayly,

Sir John Holland, Sir Dav. , Mr. Sir

John Cope, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Grant, Mr. Norris, Mr. Lee/mere, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Mr. Hillerjden, Mr. Ball, Mr. Lord Haddo,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Farrer, Sir IValt. Yonge, Sir Robert Eden,

Sir Wm. Drake, Mr, Gale, Mr. kVynn, Mr. Compton, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Lambert Blackwell, Sir

Godfrey Copley, Mr. Serjeant Bemet, Mr. Gzvynn. Lord Hamilton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Robartes, Mr. Ltokbart, Mr. Fane, Mr. Campbell, Mr. and all the Gentle-

men of the Long Robe: And they aie to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit de die in diem.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

MartiSy30° die Nov emir is;

Anno 7* Anns Reginae, 1708.

Prat k rs.

Southampton rl 'HE Right honourable the Lord being

X chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton-, and also a Burgess for the Town and County of Southampton; made his Electiun to- lerve for the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for elcding a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of Southampton, in the room of the said Lord Woodstock.

25

Resolved, Nemine contradicente , That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, to be raised in the Year 1709, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of the united Kingdom of Great Britain called England\ Wales, and Town of Berwick upon j

and that a proportionable Cess (according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, confirmed by Acts of Parliament) be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Farrer, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Vernon, and Mr.

Compton, do prepare, and bring in, the DHL

Ordered, That Mr. Huggins, High BailiffWestminster do attend this House upon Saturday Morning next, with Mention, the original Poll Books of the late Election for the said City.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the Dumfrwi, hearing of the Merits of the double Return of Ac.

Johnston, Esquire, and JVm. Pater Esquire, for the Eleaion. Burgh of Dumfries.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Clerk of the Crown (according to Order) attended, and delivered in the Return.

And the Petitions of the said Mr. and Mr.

Patofon, relating to the said Return, and Election, and also the Return, were read.

And the Counsel, after being heard, withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the Merits of the double Return for the Burgh o f Du be adjourned;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdlcr, for the Yeas, [j .4t

Tellers for the Noes, [££* }*.

So it passed in the Negative.

Rfofved, That William Johnson, Esquire, is duly returned a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament lor the Burgh of Dumfries.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to rafe out that Part of the Return, which relates to Air. Paterson.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the said Burgh be heard upon tuesday, the 21st Day of December next.

Reflved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Eleflkms in next, take into Consideration that Part of the A ft for cotJttnd-uni ring the Two Kingdoms, which relates to the Election of Members, to serve in this House for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

ap°- — 30° Novembris. — 1* Decembris.

ffavi and Mr. Farrer, (according to Order) reported, from the ileum. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for railing tire Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had oiredted him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, to be raised in the Year 1709,-be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain added England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and that a proportionable Ccfs (according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, confirmed by Acts of Parliament) be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

Vol. 16.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Me rcur ity 1* die Decembris;

Anno 7* Annae Reginae, 1708.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, That CommUfioa-her Majesty had beervattended with their j^yof

That fhc would be plealed to give Directions, that a (Copy. av^’ of the Commission, constituting the ConimifEonerJ of the Navy, might be laid before this House; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, that a-Copy of the Commission should belaid before the House accordingly.

Mr. Burchet (according to Order) presenteef to' the House,

The Copy of the said Commission; and also,

G The

Commission. The Return of the principal Officers and Commissioners

ew of Navy, gp },cr Majesty’s Navy, pursuant to the Order, of the 26th of November lad, for laying before the House the Names of the Commissioners, employed in the Out-ports, with Copies of the Warrants for such their Employments; and also an Account of the Allowances made them.

And the Titles thereof being read;

Ordered, That the said Copy of the Commission, and , Return, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply BUI; Mr. Farrer (according to Order) presented to the Land Tax. House, a Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great; and the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Cruiwrt and Ordered, That Sir Peter King, Sir IVm. , Sir Convoys. J0fJekyll, Mr. Lowther, Mr. , Mr. Laugharne, Mr. Wortley, Sir John , Sir Fra. Masham, be added to the Commitcee, to whom the Accounts of what Ships have been employed as Cruizers and Convoys, over and above the Line of Battle, and for Convoys to remote Parts, are referred.

Dumfries, The Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order,

&e. Return and amended the Return for the Burgh of Dumfries. amended.

Elections in Ordered, That Counsel may be heard at the Bar, on Scotland. Friday Morning next, upon that Part of the Act for uniting the Two Kingdoms, which relates to the Election of Members, to serve in this House for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Commission- Ordered, That the Copy of the Commission, consti-rs of Navy, tuting the Commissioners of the Navy, and also the Return of the said Commissioners, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Td:OTfor,h=Ycas.J"^«'.

for the Noes,] .44-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after the last Word "and" to insert"such."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, to leave out, at the End, these Words, *paying Scotland Lot."

And the Question being put, That those Words Hand Part of the Question:

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

} *55* } *35*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Right of el eft ing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Berks, is in the Freemen, and Inhabitants, such Freemen not receiving Alms, and such Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot.

The Counsel being again called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners acquainted the House, that they should proceed to the disqualifying a great many of the Votes for the Sitting Member; Whereupon they were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the Merits of the said Election be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Tellers for the Noes, Cftf/cTT

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovts, 2° die Decembris;

Anno 7* Anns Regins, 170S.

Prayers.

Reading I'T'HE House proceeded to the bearing of the Merits ilefhon. J_ Qf the Election for the Borough of , in the County of Berks.

' And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petitions, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, for the said Borough, were again read.

And the Counsel were heard.

And such Evidences, and Witnesses, as were produced, were examined; and then withdrew: And afterwards the Counsel withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, is in the Freemen and Inhabitants not receiving ' Alms, and Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after the first Word " Inhabitants" to insert " such Free-

men."

And the Question being put, That those Words be inserted: .

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth;

Venerts, 3* die Decembris;

Anno 7* Anns Regins, 1708. -Prayers.

MR. Hungerford (according to Order) presented to Wage?

the House, a Bill to prevent the laying of Wagers, relating to relating to the Publick; and the same was received, and tte Publick« read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to b? Supply Bill; raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, was (according to Land Tax. Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members, do, upon WednesdayMorning next, bring in to the said Committee, Lists of such Commissioners, as they shall conceive fit to be added to the Commissioners in the Act for the last Land Tax, for the respective Counties, and Places, for which there used to be Commissioners.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to transfer the Deficiencies upon the Land Taxes for the Years 1700,

1701, and 1703, to the Register of the present Land Tax.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay Commission-before this House, an Account of such Commissioners of «r® of the N*vy, as have been employed in attending the Pay

,r

fe va\

7 Ann. 30 — 4* — 6° Decembris. 27

of any of the Out-ports, since the First Day of May, Accounts of what Ships have been employed as Cruizets 1707, and what Allowances have been made, or remains and Convoys, over and above the Ships for the Line of due, to them for the fame. Battle, and for Convoys to remote Parts.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before this Hou fe, such Bills as he has paid for any Com- And then the House adjourned till Monday

missioners, or their Clerks. Attendance upon the Pay in Morning, Nine a Clock,

any Out-ports, since the First Day of May, 1707. __________

KMiflos is The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Scotland. Consideration that Part of the Act for the uniting the Two Kingdoms, which relates to the F.ledion of Members, to serve in this House for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petitions, and Representations, relating to that Matter, were again read.

And after the Counsel had been heard, they withdrew.

Candles. Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were accordingly brought in.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being la ting to the County 0 f Essex. put. That the eldest Sons of the Peers of Scotland were capable, by the Laws of Scotland at the Time of the Union, to elect, or be elected, as Commissioners lor Shires, or Boroughs, to the Parliament of; and

therefore, by the Treaty of Union, arc capable to elect,

LuncBy 6° die Decembris:

Anno 7* Annas Reginar, 1708.

PRAYERS.

f\R D ER E D, That it be an Instruction to the Com- Supply Bill» mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ijuh1 t"' granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to rectify an Omission in the Remembrancer’s Office, in not timely transmitting all the Certificates, signed by the Barons of the Exchequer, re-

ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for red re fling, and preventing, several Frauds, and Practices, relating to her Majesty’s Duties upon Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and regulating the Clerks, and

Fraoda in

Stamp

Duties.

or be elected, to represent any Shire, or Borough, in Scot- Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen s Bench and Common

lani% to fit in the House of Commons of Great Britain i It paired in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Portsmotith

Writ.

re-

Sabbatiy 4® die Decembris j

Anno 7* Ann* Regin*, 1708.

Praters.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had

ceived a Letter from General Erie, that he, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of in the County of Southampton; and also for the Borough of

Wareham, in the County of Dorset; made his Election to serve for the Borough of Wareham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eledinga Burgcfsco serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the room of General Erie.

Pleas at Westminster; and that Mr. Mr.

Lowndes, and Mr. Peyton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgow, in the room of James Lord Johnftoun, who, being the eldest Son of a Peer of

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, is declared to be incapable to lit in this House.

Linlithgow

Writ.

Priding

Eremin.

The House,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Rendlesham in particular, and of the Hundred of Loes in general, was pre-fenfed to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, for granting an Aid by a Land Tax, for the Year 1707, the County of Suffolk is to raise ,£.68,503. for. id. which Ad bath Reference to another Act for a Land Tax, in the 4th Year of King William and Queen Mary, whereby the Commissioners, thereiri named, were to divide them (elves for the Hundreds, Divisions, within their respective Counties, and Jay their Assessments thereon, so as the whole Sum on the (according to Order) proceeded in the County might be raised: That the Commissioners for the

Rendlefliam Land Tax.

laid Hundred of Loes did, for that Year, assess the Sum of £. 64. its. upon Money within the Town of

sham, being the Money of John Corrance, Esquire, an Inhabitant there, and many Years since deceased; since which, the said Town has made good that Deficiency; and other Moneys were then afiefted there of Persons, since removed, and whose Money is turned into Land, in different Parts of the County; besides which, there were divers Estates, in the said Hundred, of Catholicks,

now

further Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks.

And the Counsel being called in; the Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded todifqualify several of the Persons who had voted for the Sitting Member.

And Objections being taken to several of them, upon Account of their having received a Proportion of Kendrick's Charity; after Counsel on both Sides were heard to the said Objections, they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being doubly afiefled, and also of Nonjurors, which are put. That such Persons, as have, within Two Years last, bought by Protestants, and arereduced to a Angle AflelT-received Kendrick's Charity, or any other annual Charity, rnent; and if the whole Sum be still to be raised by the distributed in the Borough of Reading, have a Right to laid Hundred, it will labour under insupportable Bur-vote in Elections of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for thens, being already above 4/. in the Pound, and the the said Borough; Landlord refusing to allow more than in the Pound,

It pasted in the Negative. the Commissioners also being cautious of granting War-

And the Counsel being again called in, they were, by rants of Distress for more than And praying, that a Mr. Speaker, acquainted with the said Resolution. Clause may be inserted in the next Land Tax Bill, for

Then the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to disqualily abating the said £. 64. i6j. charged upon the said Hun-some other Persons, who had voted for the Sitting Mem- dred, as also to relieve them for the Lands, so doubly ber; and afterwards withdrew. charged, as aforesaid, by a Angle Assessment thereon, or

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Merits Otherwise, as the House shall think fit,

of the said Election be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

ztn and

Q\oys.

Mr. from the principal Officers and Com- Commission-

Ordered That Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Campion, beadded missioners of her Majesty’s Navy, presented to the House, «r»*f to the Committee, to whom it is referred, to examine the their Return to an Order of this House, of the 3d Instant,'

Vol. 16. . requiring

28

requiring an Account of such Commissioners of the Navy, as have been employed in the attending the Pay in any of the Out-ports, ftnee the First of May, 1707, and what Allowances have been made, or remain due, to them for the fame.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered \That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

Cruisers and Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to examine Convoys, the Accounts, laid before this House, of what Ships have been employed as Cruizersand Convoys, over and above the Ships of the Line of Battle, and for Convoys to remote Parts, and also the Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, as it stood, on the Heads mentioned in the said Estimate, the 30th of September, 1708, have Power to inquire into the Practice of the Navy, in relation to the Payment of Seamen’s Wages.

Commission- Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay

ere of Navy, before the House, a Copy of the Warrant from his late Royal Highness (when Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) for appointing some of the said Commissioners to inspect the Business of the Registry Office.

Ditto. The House being acquainted, that an Officer from the Treasurer of the Navy attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

An Account of Moneys, paid to the Commissioners of the Navy for their Attendance in the Out-ports, on the Payment of Ships, &c. since the First Day of May, j 707; and also,

An Account of Moneys, payed to the Clerks of the Navy, for their Attendance in the Out-ports, since the I ft of May, 1707.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

NavyCs&ier Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy’s Cashier do to attend, attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Recruiting Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Land Forces. pight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration Methods for the more effectual recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces.

to complete*8 Resolved, That an humble Address be prefixed to her the Forces. Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that an Account may be laid before this House, of what number of Men are wanting to complete the Bi itish Forces; and what Money has been paid, pursu-qnt to the Address of this House the last Parliament, for payingyf-4perMan, asan Encouragement for recruiting her Majesty’s Army, and when, and to whom, the Money was paid; and also, what Number of Men may be wanting, to man her Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1709.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Land Tax. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain- '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Aberdeen - Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the 16

1708.

eletting a Commissionnef to serve in this present Parliamenc for the Shire of Aberdeen, in the room of the honourable IVm. Lord Haddo, who, being the eldeftSon

of a Peer of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, is declared to be incapable to fit in this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 7* die Decembris;

Anno 7* Anna; Reginsr, 1708.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of the Merchants, Mailers and Whitehaven Oivmrof Ships, and other Inhabitants, of the Harbour. Town of IVkite haven, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read j letting forth, that the said Town, by the Encouragement of Sir John,

and other Ancestors of fames Lowther, Esquire, and by the lnduftryof the Inhabitants, is of late Years greatly improved in Trade, and Shipping, and is yet capable of further Improvements, if the Harbour of the said Town were secured, and enlarged: That the Petitioners are willing, by a moderate Duty upon their Trade, and Shipping, to raise such Sums, as llir.ll be sufficient for that Purpose, and to mike several new Works, for securing the Harbour, and making it more commodious: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for preserving, and enlarging, the said Harbour.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Ltwther, Mr. Lav.son, and Mr. Gale, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgeflef, Rennet and other chief Inhabitants, of the Borough of , Navigation,

in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the lliver Kernfrom Reading to Newberry, in Berkshire, is capable of being made navigable for Barges, and other Vessels; (which when effected) will be of publick Advantage, and tend very hiuch to the Preservation of the Highways, Improvement of Trade, and Increase of Watermen: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the River Kenner, in 'berkshire, from Reading to Newberry, navigable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Nevill, and Mr. Mount ague, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House being informed, that an Officer from the Commission-Commissioners of the Navy attended, he was called in, cr* of Navy, and, at the Bar, presented to the House (according to Order) A Copy of his late Royal Highness his Warrant, appointing Benjamin Tymezvell, and Anthony Hamond,

Esquires, Two of the principal Officers and Commissioners of her Majesty’s Navy, to inspefl the Business of the Register Office.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Warrant being read Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Recruiting Majesty, that she will be ploafed to direct, that there may the ^orce*' be laid before this House, a List of the Names ofall fuel>

Officers, as were sent into the several Counties of Great Britain, to raise Recruits, pursuant to the A cl for the better recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Year 1708; together with the Numbers of Men so raised in the several Counties.

Ordered, That, the said Address be presented to her; . v

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The

6° — 70 De.

7 Ann.

Commission- The House proceeded (according so Order) to fake

ersui Nuvv. jnt0 Confljpration she Commission, constifuring the Commissioners of the Navy; and the Return of the said Commissioners, with the Names of the Commissioners, employed in the Out-of)rts, and the Warrant's for their Employments; with the Account of the Allowances made to them.

And thcCopvof the Commission, and several Returns from the Commissioners of the Navy, and Accounts from the Treasurer of the Navy, and the Copy of his Royal flighness’s Warrant, appointing Bcn'.tirdnTxmc'.veU. and Anthony Hammond, Inquires, Two of (hr- principal Odicers and Commissioners of her Majesty’s Navy, to inftpect the fcutinels of the Kerifter Office, were read, and arc as follow; viz.

The said Copy of the Commission, confuting the Commissioners of the Navy; viz.

ANNE, by the Grace of Go !, of Gi eat Britain, France, and IrJand\ Queen, Defender of the Faith, (Ac. l o our trufiy and \\c!!-beloved Sr Bichard Haddcck, Knighr, Daniel Fazer, if lit am Lee, Charles Scrgifon, Dennis Ly tided, lien. GrcrJ Erf.vud: TyiKeiicll,

George St. l.oe. G o. Toilet, La:ir. Wright, F.fi;u;re% Sir IVw. Gifford, Knighr, A tlouy Huirwrid. Esquire, Sir Thomas ILgf.knight, IV:I.i n llrght, Thomas Jen-flings, and Isaac Tctvnfend, I:J^uirrb, Gieetirg. Whereas we did by our Lc. terra Parents under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster the 14*h Day of A/.a, in the Filfi Year of our Reign, constitute and appoint you, the said Lazvrcr.c: Wright, one of our Com-rnissioners in Quality of a principal Officer of our Navy, during our Pl^alure; and did tl.creby a!f> orc’ain. constitute, and appoint, you, the /aidLaurttue Wright, our Comn.iffiuner for the Atfiirs of our Nav\ at Kinjale, in our Kingdomoi I e/and, during our Pic.ifure; and (iid thereby likewise give and grant unto yuo the said Lazcr. Wright, for the Kx custon of the hid Office, Piate, or Employment, and during your Continuance therein, the Salary, or Allowance, ot £. 5co fer Annum, of lawful English Money: And wheic;i' we did by our Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, bearing Dare at Westminster the 17th Day ot Jtdv, in the First Year of our Rtigi, Constitute and appoint \ou, the said Anthem

mend, our Commissioner, in Quality ol a principal Officer of our Navy, during our Pleasure, in die room of thew Aylmer, Lfjuire; and did (hereby alto give and grant unto \ou the said Anthony Hammond, for the Execution of the said Otlice, Mate, or Employment, during your Continuance therein, the annual Salary or Allowance, of /.500 of lawful En;Jh Money: And whereas we did by our Letters Patents under the Great Seal of

England, bearing Date at the 28th Day of

August, in the Kir ft Year of our Reign, constitute and appoint you, the said Sir Richard Comptroller

of all and every our Ships and Navy, except those Parrs thereof, relating to the comptrollmgof the Treasurer’s, Storekeepers, and Y'i&ualling, Accounts, which we did think, /it tointruft to particular Persons, Members of our "Navy board; and alto except such further Parts of the Comptroller’s Duty, which should thereafter, by Warrant from our High Admiral of England, or the Commissioners for executing the Office ol our High Admiial of England, fur the Time being, be committed to the Care and Management of any other Person or Persons; and did thereby give and grant full Power and Authority to you the said Sir Richard < itch, by yourleif, or your sufficient Deputy or Deputies (being Members of ourNavy board) to perform and execute the Doty appertaining so the 'Comptroller of ail and every our Ships and Navy (except before excepted1 during our Pkafure; and did thereby aJfb give and grant unto you the said Sir Richard Haddock, for the Execution of the said Office, Place, or Employment, and during your Continuance therein, the annual Salary, or Allowance, of 500 of lawful English

Money; And whereas we did by our Letters Patents under our Great Seal of England, bearing date at lVcJi~

Vol. 16.

29

minster the said 28th Day of August, in the First Year of our Reign, constitute and appoint the said Charles Sergt-son, and Samuel Atkins, Esquire (since deceased) and the Survivor of them, Clerks and Clerk of the Acts of our Navy; and did thereby give and grant unto them the said Charles Sergifon and Samuel Atkins, and the Survivor of them, full Power and Authority, jointly and severally, to perform and execute the Duty appertaining to the Clerk, of the Acts of our Navy, for and during our Will and Pleaflirc; and did thereby also give and grant unto each of them the said Charles Seigifon and Samuel Atkins, /or the Execution of the said Office, or Employment, and during such Time as they, or either of them, should exercise and execute the fame, the annual Salary, or Allowance, of /. 500 a-piece, of laws ul Money of England: And whereas we did by our Letters Patents under our Great Seal of England, bearing Date at the said

28th Day of August, in the First Year ofour Reign, constitute and appoint you, the said Dennis ’, our

Commissioner, in Quality of a principal Officer of our Navy, for and during our Pleasure; and did thereby give and grant unto you, the said Dennis Lvddell, full Power and Authority, in an especial Manner to take upon you the Care and Trust of performing that Part of the Duty of Comptroller of our Navy, relating to the comptrolling the Accounts of the Treasurer of our Navy, which should or ought so have been performed by yourleif, or by any other former Comptroller of the Treasurer’s Accounts; an 1 did thereby aish give and grant unto you the said Dennis Lydd.ll, for the Execution of the/aid Office, Place,

01 Employment, and during your Continuance therein, the annual Fee, Sum, or Allowance, of/. 500 of lawful E'g/ish Money: And whereas we did by our Letters Patents under our Great Seal of England, bearing Datent H'ejiniinjlenhcsaid 28th Day of August, in the First Yea of our Reign, constitute ai d appoint you, the said janniTymezvell, one of our Commissioners, in Quality of a prineip.il Officer of our Navy, duringour Pleasure; and did then t y also give and grant unto you the said Bergamot Tymezvc I, for the Execution of the said Office, Place,

or Eir.p nyment, ancf during your Continuance therein, the Salary, or Allowance, of/. 50O per Annum, of lawful Eng!b Ot Money: And whereas we did by our Letters Patent under our Great Seal of England, bearing Date at tVeJtmi>Jler the said 28th Day of August, in the First Year of our Reign, constitute and appoint you, the said Geo. Collet, our Commissioner, in Quality of a principal Officer ot our Navy, du’ing our Plea>urc; and did thereby a!so give and grant unto you the said Geo. Toilet, for the Execution of the find Office, Place, or Employment, during your Continuance therein, the annual Salary, or Allowance, of/. 500 of lawful English Money: And whereas we did by our Letters Patents under our Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster the 17th Day of December, in the First Year of our Reign, constitute and appoint you, the said Sir Tho. our Commissioner,

in Quality ofa principal Officer ot our Navy, during our Pleasure; and did thereby also giveand grant unto you the said Sir Tho. Hopfon, for the Execution of the said Office,

Place, or Employment, during your Continuance therein, the annual Salary, or Allowance, of /. 500 of lawful English Money: And whereas we did by our Letters Patents under our Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster the 5th Day of June, in the Second Year of our Reign, constitute and appoint you, the said George St. Loe, our Commissioner, in Quality of a principal Officer of our Navy, duringour Pleasure; and did thereby also ordain, conltirute, and appoint, you, the said George St. Loe, our Commissioner for the Affairs of our Yards at Chatham, and Sheerness, during our Pleasure; and did

likewise thereby give and grant unto you the said Geo. St.

Loe, for the Execution of the Lid Office, Piacc.or Employment, duringyour Continuance therein, the annual Salary, or Allowance, of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money: And whereas we did by our Letters Patents under our Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster the 2d Day of February, in the 3d Year of

ki our

7° Decembr.

Coromiflfion-«rs of Navy.

jo 7" Decembris. 1708.

our Rcigp, constitute and appoint you, the said Timas unto each of you, the said Daniel Furzer, and W , Jewing one of our Commissioners, in Quality of a for the Execution of the said Office, Place, and Employ-principal Officer of our Navy, during our Pleasure, in the ment, and during your respective Continuance therein, toapi of Th>. Wilfhaw, Esquire, deceased; and did thereby the annual Salary, or Allowance, of £.500 of lawful give and grant unto you, the said Tho. Jennings, full E Money; as by our said several and respective Power ancfAuthority, in anespecial Manner to examine. Letters Patents above recited, amongst other Thing* cofnptroll, and balance, the Accounts of the Storekeepers therein contained (relation being the reunto had) more of our several Yards, and all other Persons intruded with fully and at large may appear: Now know ye, that we have any of our naval Stores, which heretofore should or ought revoked, determined, and made void, and by these Presents to have been performed by the said Tho. Wilfhaw, or by do revoke, determine, and make void, our said several any former Comptroller of the Storekeepers Accounts; and respective Letters Patents above recited, and every of and did thereby also give and grant unto you the said them, and every Clause, Article, and Thing, in them, or Tho. Jennings, for the Execution of the said Office, Place, any of them, contained. And further know ye, that we, or Employment, during your.Continuance therein, the Sa- reposing especial Trust and Confidence in the Care, Pru-lary, or Allowance, of £. 500 per Annum, of la wful English dence, Circumspection, and Fidelity, of you, the said Sir Money: And whereas we did by our Letters Patents Richard Haddock, Daniel Furzer, William Lee, Charlet under our Great Seal of England, bearing Date at West- S Dennis Lyddell, Henry , Benjamin minster the 44th Day of February, in the 3d Year of our well. Geo. St. Loe, Geo. Lawrence Wright, Sir Wm*

Reign, coostitute and appoint you, the said Henry Greenhill, Gifford, Sir Tho. Hopfon, Wm. Wright*

one of our Commissioners, in Quality of a principal Officer Tho. Jennings, and Isaac ,of our especial Grace,

of our Navy, during our Pleasure, in the Room of Wm. certain Knowlege, and mere Motion, and by and with the Wright, Esquire; and did thereby also ordain, constitute, Advice of our raoft dear Huflxmd Prince George of Den* and appoint, you, the said Henry Greenhill, our Commis- mark, our High Admiral of Great Britain, have made, fioner for the Affairs of our Yard at Plymouth, during ordained, constituted, and appointed, and by thele Presents Our Pleasure -y and did thereby likewise give and grant do make, ordain, constitute, and appoint, you, the said Sir unto you the said Henry Greenhill, for the Execution of Richard Haddock, Daniel Furzer, William Lee, Char lea the said Office, Place, or Employment, and during your Sergifon, Dennis Lyddell, Henry Greenhill, Benjamin Tyme-Continuance therein, the Salary, or Allowance, of£. 500 well, Geo. St. Loe, George Tollett, Lawrence per Annum, of lawful English Money: And whereas we did Sir Wm. Gfford, Anthony Hammond, Sir Tho. Hopfon, by our Letters Patents under our Great Seal of England, Wm. Wright, Tho. , and , our

bearing Date at Westminster the 24th Day of February, Commissioners, in Quality of principal Officers, and the

in the 3d Year of our Reign, constitute, and appoint, Commissioners, of our Navy, during our Pleasure: And-you, the said Wm. Wright, one of our Commissioners, we do hereby give and grant full Power and Authority ip Quality of a principal Officer of our Navy, during unto you, the said Sir Richard Haddock, Daniel,

our Pleasure, in the room of Hetury Greenhill, Esquire; Wm. , Cha. Dennis Lyddell, Henry

and did thereby also ordain, constitute, and appoint, you, Benjamin Tymewell, Geo. St. Loe, Geo. Tollett, Lazvr. the said Wm. Wright, our Commissioner for the Affairs of WSir Wm. Gifford, Anthony Hammond, Sir Tho,

our Yards at Deptford and Woolwich, during our Pleasure; Hopfon, William Wright, Thomas Jennings, and isaac and did thereby likewise give and grant unto you the said Townsend, and any Three or more of you, to sign Con-Wm. Wright, for the Execution of the said Office, Place, tradfs, Bills, and Orders, and to do all Things ell'e, or Employment, and duringyour Continuance therein, the appertaining to principal Officers and Commissioners of Salary, or Allowance, of £500 per Annum, of lawful English our Navy to do, and to do, execute, direct, order, and Money: And whereas we did by our Letters Pafents perform for our Service, in Matters relating to our Navy under our Great Seal of England, bearing Date at West- and Shipping, all and whatsoever any former principal minster the 2d Day of February, in the Fourth Year of Officers and Commissioners of our Navy may, might, our Reign, constitute, and appoint, you, the said isaac or ought, jointly or severally, to do, or have done, by Townsend, our Commissioner, in Quality of a principal force or virtue of any Grant or Grants, Commission or Officer of our Navy, during our Pleasure, in the room of Commissbns, or any other Authority, to them, or any Sir Wm. Gifford, Knight; and did thereby ordain, con- of them, made, given, or granted, or by virtue of their stitute, and appoint, you, the said isaac Townsend, our Offices, or any of them, or in any other manner or wife Commissioner for the Affairs of our Yard at Portsmouth, howsoever: And we do hereby authorize and require you, during our Pleasure} and did thereby also give and the said Sir Richard Haddock, Daniel Furzer, Lee, grant unto you the said isaac Townfeud, for the Execution Cha. Sergifon, Dennis Lyddell, Henry Greenhill, Benj. Tyme-of the said Office, Place, or Employment, during your Geo. St. Loe, Geo. Tollett, Lawrence Wright, Sir Wm.

Continuance therein, the annual Salary, or Allowance, of Gifford, Anthony Hammond, Sir Tho. Hopfon,

£. 500 of lawful Ettglish Money: And whereas we did by Thomas and isaac Townsend, and every of you, to

our Letters Patents under our Great Seal of England, observe such Instrudions, relating to your said Offices and bearing Date at Westminster the 4th Day of February, in Duties, as you, or any of you, shall at any time hereafter the 4th Year of our Reign, constitute, and appoint, you, receive from our High Admiral of Great Britain, now, the said Sir Wm. Gifford, our Commissioner, in Quality and for the Time being, or from our Commissioners, for of a principal Officer of our Navy, during our Pleasure; executing the Office ot our High Admiral of Great Bri-and did thereby also give and grant unto you the said Sir tain, for the Time being: And further, of our more efpe-Wm. Gifford, for the Execution of the said Office, Place, cial Grace, certain Knowledge, and mere Mot ion, we have or Employment, during your Continuance therein, the given and granted, and by these Presents do give and annual Salary, or Allowance, of £. 500 of lawful English grant, unto each of you, the said Sir Richard Haddock, Money: And whereas we did by our Letters Patents Daniel Furzer, Wm. Lee, Cha. Dennis Lyddell*

Under our Great Seal of England, bearing Date at West- Henry Greenhill, Benjamin Tymewell, Geo. St. Loe, Geo. mhffUr the 19th Day of October, in the 5th Year of our Toilet, Lavor. Wright, Sir Wm. Gifford, Anthony Hammond, Reign, constitute and appoint you, the said Daniel Furzer, Sir Wm. Wright, Tho. Jennings, and Isaac-

ftnd Wm. Lee, jointly and severally, and the Survivor of Townsend, for the Execution of the said Offices, Places, or you. Surveyor of our Navy, and of all and every our Employments, duringyour Continuance therein, the Sala-Ships, during our Pleasure; and did thereby give and ries, o*r Allowances, of Five hundred Pounds of

grant unto you, the said Daniel Furzer, and Wm. Lee, lawful Money of Great Britain, together with such Number jointly and severally, and the Survivor of you, full Power x>f Clerks, and such Salaries and Allowances to them, as and Authority to perform and execute, during our are, or shall be, allowed by our High Admiral of Great Pleasure, the Dufy appertaining to the Surveyor of our Britain now, and fur the Time being, or by the Corn-Navy, and Ships; and did thereby also give and gcaof jpnissioners, for executing the -Office pt Qur High Admiral

17 of

1 t ( I

v

t!

c

T

la

n

L

10

E.

IA

fl.

c.

Bu

m

a

V

1

ft

If

k

k

j-.t

cl;

tea

Cl;

1

vi

h

cia

by

Pn

in

end

«P/

c:j

li-i

h

tic

h

OUi

ad

k,

n

fcf5]

K

d;e k\e

v,

7 Ann. 7* Decewbri 31

of Great Britain, Tor the Tin*? being; (he said fctUri#*, grant, unto f»ji the fiiid Sir Haddock, for the Cwnifiw*

or Allowances, of /.500 /><* Annum, to fee paid to eafh Execution of the said Office, Place, Employment* *waf of you, the said Sir Richard Had 'oek, DanielFurzer, and during your Continuance therein, such Number of Wm. Lee, Charles Sergifon, Demos Li./dl!, Henry Greeubill, Clerks, ami such Salaries and Allowances to them, as aw.

Bnj. Tjmewe/t, Geo. St. Bo:, Geo. To'tet, Lawrence or shall be, allowed by our High Admiral of

Wright, Sir WiliiamGifford, A,nb. Hammond, Sir Tho. pr by the Commissioners, for executing the Office of

}hjjon, WiBint llrig/.t, Thomas J tunings, and Isaac our High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being* fovm/Md.or your Assigns, by the Treal'urer of our Navy, and all such other Perquisites, Privileges, Profits, Cons* for tltf? Time Ircing, qumerly, at the Four most usual modifies. Emoluments, and Advantage^ as are of Right Fca/ls or Terms in the Year (that is to lav} the pea ft of belonging to the said Office of Comptroller of all and St. Michael the Aich-angel, the birth of our Lord Christ, every our Ships and Navy (except before excepted) of the Annunciation of the blellcj Virgin Mar\, and the as you the said Sir Richard Haddock, or any other Person Nativity of St.Jtl'nthe Daptift, out of such Moneys, as or Persons at any time heretofore had or enjoyed, or

he Hull from time to time receive out of our Exchequer, might or ought to have had or enjoyed, for or in rel|>ect or otherwise, and to commence fromtbe Day of the Date of the Execution of the said Office. And further know of this our Commiftlon, and to be computed, and paid, ye, that wc, reposing elpecial 1ruft and Confidence by the Day, after the Rate of £. ^00 per Annum, to each of in the Integrity, Care, Prudence, and Ability, of you,

you our Lid Commissioners, until and upon either of the the said Daniel Fnrztr, and William Let, of our especia! laid quarterly Fcaft Days, which shall next happen after Grace, certain Knowlege, and mere Motion, and also (be Date hereof; and from thenceforth the Lid £.$>0 per by and with the Advice of our said must dear Hulbaud Annum, to each of you our Lid Com mi limners, to be paid Prince George of Denmark, our High Admiral of Great quarterly, at the said Four most usual Fealt Days, by the Britain, have made, ordained, constituted, and appointed,

Treasurer of our Navy, as aforesaid, by even and equal and by tlicle Presents do make, ordain, constitute, and

Portions: And we do hereby will and require ad Cap- appoint, you, the said Daniel Furzer, and

Jains and Commanders of our Ships, C erks of our Siorcs jointly and severally, and the Survivor of you, Surveyor

and Check, and all other Officers, Se.men, Workmen, < four Navy, and of all and every our Ships, during our

Labourers, and others, having any Charge or Employ- Plealurt: And we do hereby give and grant unto you, the

ment about our Ships, or Stores, in Harbour, or at Sea, laid Daniel Furzer, and Lee, jointly and severally,

to give Respetft and Obedience to your our said Com- anti the Survivor of you, full Power and Authority to

missionerc, and every of you, in all Things appertaining perform and execute, during our Pleasure, the Duty

to, and concerning, our laid Service, as Commissioners, appertaining to the Surveyor of our Navy, and Sh ps. Ana

and principal Officers, of our Navy aforesaid: Andwedo further know ye, that wc, reposing elpecial Trust and

also hereby will and require die Auditors ot our Imprefts, Confidence in t he Care, Prudence, and Fidelity, of you,

and all others, by whom the Accounts of our marine the said Charles Sergifon, of our elpecial Grace, certain

Caules are to pds, to give Allowance to all Bills, and Knowlege, and mere Motion, and also by and with the

Books of Accounts, and Payments of the Treasurer and Advice of our laid most dear Hufbar.d Prince George

Vifipallers of cur Navy, and all other Accounts for or of De, our High Admiral of Great Britain, have

concerning our maritime Caules, signed under the Hands made, ordained, conlbtuted, and appointed, and by these

ci any Three or more of you, our Commissioners and Prdents do make, constitute, ordain, and appoint, you,

firiacipil Officers of our Navy aforesaid: Andwedo thefnd Charles Sergifon, Clerk of the Aifts of our Navy:

also hereby give and grant unto you, the said Sir Richard And we do hereby give and grant unto you, the said Cha.

Haddcck, Daniel Furzer, Wm. Lee, Charles Sergifon, Dennis Sergifon, full Power and Authority to perform and execute

Lyddell, Henry Giecnl.il/, Benjamin Ty me well, George St. the Duty appertaining to Clerk of the Atfts of our Lot, Geo. Tol'ett, LovorttueWright, Sir Wm. Gifford, Navy, for and during our Will and Pleasure: And

Anthony Hamm nd, Sir 7 ho. Hopfon, Wm. Wright, Ibe. further, we have given and granted, and by these Presents

Jennings, and !f<ac Tounfnd, and any Three or moic of do give and grant, unto you the Lid Cha. , for the

you, our laid Commissioners and princi; al Officers of Execution of the said Office, or Employment, and during pur Navy, full Power and Authorityto administeran Oath such time, as you shallexcrcifeand execute the fame, such toajjy Person or Persons, concerning any of the Affairs of Number of Clerks, and such Salaries and Allowances to our Navy of Great Britain, or any Matter relating them, as are, or shall be, allowed by our High Admiral of (hereto. And further know ye, that we, reposing efpe- Great Britai executing the Office cial Trust and Confidence in the Care, Prudence, and of High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being j Fidelity, of you the said Sir Richard he.,dock, of our efpe- and all such and the like Perquisite6, Privileges, Profits,

cial Grace, certain Knowledge, and me;e Motion, and also Commodities, Emoluments, and Advantages, as of Right by and with the Advice of our laid most dear Husband are belonging to the said Office of Clerk of the Acts of Prince George of Denmark, our High Admiral of Great our Navy, or as you the said Charles Sergifon, or any other Britain, have made, ordained, constit uted, and appointed, Person or Persons whatsoever, at any time heretofore had find by these Prelents do make, ordain, confliiute, and or enjoyed, for or in respect of the Execution of the fame, appoint, you, the said Sir Richard Haddock, Comptroller Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be jof all and every our Ships and Navy, except those Parts construed to diminish, or alter, any Part of the Trust or (hereof relating to the comptrolling of tire Treasurer’s, Duty of our trusty and well-beloved Sir Tho.

jStorekeeper’s, and Victualling, Accounts; and also Baronet, present Treasurer of our Navy; but that he except such further Parts of die Comptroller's Duly, continue in the Exercise of his said Office, and be allowed, which shall hereafter, by Warrant from our HighAdmi- and remain obliged to, the giving us the like utmost jal of Great Britain, or the Commissioners, for executing Effects of his whole Service, Time, and Attendance, in the the Office of our High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Discharge of his said Duty, and constant affenrbiing and Time being, be committed to die Care and Management joining with all and every of you our Commissioners, in of any other Person or Persons: And we do hereby give what relates both to our past and future Service, in the and grant full Power and Authority unto you the said Sir same manner, as he might or ought to have done, by virtue Richard Haddock, by yoorfeJfj or your sufficient Deputy of the said Office of Treasurer of our Navy, before the Date or Deputies, being Members of our Navy-board, to per- hereof, and not otherwise; any thing in this Commission form and execute the Duty appertaining to the Comp- contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. And troller of ail and every our Ships and Navy (except before Jaftly, we do hereby grant unto you, our said Commission-excepted) during our Pleasure: And fuuher, of our more ers, and every of you, hereby constituted and appointed, elpecial G race, certain Knowlege, a ad mere Motion, we that these our Letters Patents, or the Entry or Enrollment have given and Granted, and bythefo Presents do give and thereof, shall be in and by all things good, firm, valid,

Vol. 16. sufficient.

fDecembris. 1708.

Commission. sufficient, and effectual, in the Law, according to the er*of Na»y. true Intent and Meaning of the fame, notwithstanding the not reciting or mentioning, or not truly or fully reciting, the several and respective Letters Patents above’ recited, or any of them, or the Dates thereof; or any other Omission, Imperfection, Deleft, Matter, Cause, or Thing, whatsoever, to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding. In Witness whereof, we have caused these our Letters to be made Patents. Witness ourself at Westminster, the 8th Day of in the 6th Year

of our Reign.

By Writ of Privy Seal

Wrighte.

Navy Office, 29 November, 1708. The humble RETURN of the principal Officers and Commissioners of her Majesty’s Navy to the Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 26th Instant, for laying before the House the Names of the Commissioners, employed in the Out-ports, and Copies of the Warrants for such their Employments, and an Account of the Allowances made to them:

That George St. Loe, Esquire, is employed in the Port

of Chatham;

Isaac Town fend, Esquire, at the Port of Portsmouth: William Wright, Esquire, at the Port of Plymouth:

Lawrence Wright, Esquire, at the Port of

At the Salaries of £. 500 per Annum each: And, Thomas Jennings, Esquire, at Lisbon, at the Salary of £. 1,000 per Annum, whilst he continues there.

And on the other Side is humbly presented a Copy of his late Royal Highness’ Warrant to William Wright, Esquire, to repair to the Port of Plymouth, and reside

there, as a Commissioner of the said Port, being all of that Kind wc find entered in this Office.

Cha. Sergifon,

W. Lee, B. Tyme well.

Geo. TollDan. Furzer.

His Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, &r. Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, &c and Generalissimo of all her Majesty’s Forces, L?c.

WHEREAS I think it necessary for her Majesty’s Service, that one of the Members of the Navy-board should be sent to her Majesty’s Yard at Plymouth, to reside there, in the room of Henry Esquire,

since lately deceased; you are therefore hereby required, and directed, forthwith to repair thither, and make your constant Abode in the Dwelling-house, usually enjoyed by the Commissioner at Plymouth Yard, and fee to, and take care of, the faithful, vigorous, and frugal Management of all Matters and Things, relating to her Majesty’s naval Service there, in the same manner, aS either the said Commissioner Greenhill, or any other Commissioner of the Navy, did, or ought to have done, who resided at that Place: And the rest of the principal Officers and Commissioners of her Majesty’s Navy are hereby required to take notice hereof accordingly. Given under my Hand this 20th of Ju/y, 1708.

GEORGE,

To William Wright, Esquire, one of the principal Officers and Commissioners of her Majesty’s Navy, at Dept- By Command of his ford. Royal Highness

J.

a^y cc, ie 6ffi)Another humble RETURN of the principal Officers and Commissioners of her Majesty’s ecem er, 170-. 3 Navy to an Order from the honourable House of Commons, of the 3d Instant, requiring

an Account of such Commissioners of the Navy, as have been employed in attending the Pays in any of the Out-ports, since the ift of May, 1707, and what Allowances have been made, or remain due, to them, for the fame:

That the following is an Account of such Commissioners, as have attended the Pays (in the Absence of the Comptroller) at the Out-ports, since that Time; with the Names of the Ports, the Times of their Attendance at the said Ports, and the Sums reimbursed to them, for their travelling Charges, and Expences in the said Services, there being no stated Allowances for their Attendances; viz.

Commissioners Names.

Sir Thomas Hopfon, knight Tho. Jennings, esquire Anth. Hamond, esquire -Tho. Jennings, esquire Sir Wm. Gifford, knight Tho. Jennings, esquire -Sir Tho. Hopfon, knight Anth. Hammond, esquire Tho. Jennings, esquire -Benj. Tymewell, esquire -Tho. Jennings, esquire - Ditto -

Benj. Tymewell, esquire -Tho. Jennings, esquire Ditto -

Sir Wm. Gifford, knight Sir Tho. Hopfon, knight Ditto - -

Geo. St: Loe, esquire

At what Places.

Spithead, and Portsmouth Nore, Chatham, and Deptford Portsmouth

Nore, Chatham, and Deptford Spithead, and Portsmouth Nore, Chatham, and Deptford Spithead, and Portsmouth Portsmouth - -

Nore, Chatham, and Deptford Nore, and Chatham Nore, and Deptford - - ditto -

Deptford, and Woolwich Portsmouth -

Spithead -

Nore, Downes, and Dover Spithead, and Portsmouth Port ( mouth -

Nore, Sheerneffe, and Chatham

There are no other Claims of this kind in the Office.

Between \vl hat Times. Sums reimbursed t« them.

r Beginning. — \ Ending.

9 March, 1706 3 May, 1707 - £. s. d. 80 16 —

12 February', 1706 26 May, 1707 - 9S

14. April, 1707 - 7 June, 1707 - 91 17 6

27 May, 1707 - 30 June, 1707 - 69 7 6

31 May, 1707 - 2 5JuJy>*7°7 - 103 5 6

1 July, 1707 - 31 July, 1707 - 45 4

2 July, 1707 - ^5iuh>1707 - 36 15 6

14 July, 1707 - 24 September,1707 141 12 6

2 August,1707 16 September, 1707 84 19 —

2oSeptember,1707 29 October, 1707 14 4 9

13 N 0vera be r, 17 0 7 28 November, 1707 27 14 6

9 December, 1707 24 December, 1707 29 16 6

2 January, 1 707 9 January, 1707 14 12 4

15 January, 1707 17 January, 1707 10 17 8 1 1

19 January, 1707 4 February, 1707 27 19 T>

12 February, 1707 20 April, 1708 120

20 February, 1707 25 March, 1708 66 5 10

21 April, 1708 - 2 June, 1708 75 6 —

10 June, 1708 - 3 August, 1708 96 8 11

R. Haddock, Wm. Lee.

B. Tymewell, Geo. Toll

Dan. Furzer, Cha. Sergifon,

D. Lyddet

The

7 Ann. 70 Deecmbris. 33

The Account, presented to the House from the Treasurer of the Navy, of what Bills he hath paid to the several Commissioners of the Navy, for their Attendance at the Out-ports, upon the Payment of Ships and Yards, fi.ice the First of May 1707, is the same as the next preceding Account.

The ACCOUNT, presented to the House from the Treasurer of the Navy, of what Bills he hath paid to the Ct.mniissioners Clerks, which attended at the Out-ports, upon the Payment of Ships and Yards, since the ill of May 1707, is as followethj viz.

Clerks Names.

Richard Carter

Geo. Pearfe

Martin Markland

Thomas Emily

Thomas Hanway

Tho. Pearfe -

William Petre

Tho. Jennings

John Moulding

Charles Tollett

Edward Timewell

Richard Thurland

Wm. Cowne -

Jonathan Fogg

Tho. Manway -

John Moulding

Tho. Emily

Rich. Carter -

Martin Markland

Tho. Pearfe

Geo. Pearfe

Rich. Thurland

Tho. Hanway -

Tho. Emily

Tiio 1 as Pearfe

Martin Markland

Tho. fennin^s-%

Tho. Emily

Tho. llanway-

Martin Markland

Tho. Pearfe

Edward Tvmewell

Jonas Harding J. lin Moulding CharLs Tollett Jonathan Fogg Wm. Hogg Tho. Jcnmngs Robert Trovers Rich. Thurland Geo. Pearfe -Robert Trevers Jonath. Fogg -Thomas Emily Tho. Hanway -Rich. ThurLnd -Martin Markland George Pearfe diaries Tollett Tho. Hanway -Jonathan Fogg Martin Markland William Petre

6 Deeewbsr 1708.

I At what Port employed. Between what Timw. Sams.

- Chatham, Nore, and Portsmoutl r 1 11 March 1707 24 June 1707 1 £ s. d. / 2 s —

- Portsmouth - a6 ditto - 4 May 1707 - *4

- Nore, and Chatham - - ditto 30 June 1707 - 34 19. —

Portsmouth - - ditto - - ditto« 3 1 17 —

- - - ditto - - - ditto - - ditto - Ji 17

- Nore, Chatham, and Downes . - - ditto - - ditto- 34 >9 —

Harwich - 13 April 1707 - ao April 1707 - 4. 16 —

- Chatham, Downes, and Nore - 10 ditto - 29 Septemberi707 55 4 —

- Deptford, Woolwich, Chatham,&c 21 ditto - 24 June 1707 14 9 —

1 - - ditto - - - ditto 30 April 1707 - 4 3 —

I Deptford, and Woolwich - - - ditto 23 ditto - ii —

I Portsmouth - a6 ditto - 7 June 1707 - 1 17 1 —

Hamoaze - 7 June 1707 30 ditto - 1 12 8 —

Nore - 25 ditto - 25 Septemberi707 17 ——

1 Portsmouth - - - ditto 29 ditto - 33 >9 —

1 Plymouth - - - ditto 30 June 1707 - 2 2 —

Portsmouth - - - ditto 29 September! 707 33 *9 —

Portsmouth, &c. - 1 - - ditto 25 July - 16 17 —

Deptford, Chatham, and Nore - 1 July 1707 30 September - 33

I - - ditto - - - ditto - - ditto \ 13 3 6

Portsmouth, &c. - 3 ditto - 9 ditto - 14 — 6

Portsmouth - 14 ditto - 29 ditto - - 1 29 6 —

Portsmouth - 30 September - 2 5 December 30 9 —

- - ditto - - - ditto - - ditto - 3° 9 —

Nore, and Chatham 2 October, 1707 - 24 Decemberi707 18 2 —

1 Nore, and Deptford 6 ditto - - ditto - 16 14 —

I - - ditto - - ditto - - ditto - 15 6 —

Portsmouth - - - - I 26 December 1707 25 March 1708 - 3« >7 —

Portsmouth, and Plymouth - 1 - - ditto - - ditto - 33 *7 —

Deptford, Nore, and Downes - 30 ditto - - - ditto - 19 9 —

Deptford, and Woolwich - - - ditto - 14 June 1708 - 9 S 6

- - ditto - 5 January - 8 January 170}- 1 8 —

Portsmouth, Woolwich, See. - - ditto 25 March 1708 (966

Chatham, and Sheernefle a 3 ditto 22 January 170E 4 10 —

- - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto 4 10 —

Nore, and Downes - 1 O T3 wn m 25 March 1708 - 17 ii 6

Dover - - - ditto 21 ditto - 9 to 6

Spithead - 18 ditto - 4 February 170 J- 6 6 —

Nore, and Downes - 12 February 170^ 25 March 1708 16 14 —

Portsmouth - 13 ditto - - - ditto - 15 14 —

I f-r 0 1 1 f 21 ditto - - - ditto - ij 18 —

Dover, and Downes 26 March 1708 - 2j April 1708 - 10 3 —

Nore, Dover, and Downes - - ditto - 24 June 1708 - 18 16 —

Portsmouth - - - ditto - - - ditto - 3* *7 —

- - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto 31 *7 —

- - ditto - - - ditto - 6 April 1708 - 5 4 —

Dover, Downes, &c. - - ditto - 24 June 1708 - 17 19 6

Portsmouth, Deptford, See. 8 April - 22 ditto - 18 2

Deptford, Woolwich 21 June - - - ditto- — 14 —

Portsmouth - 2 5 ditto - 29 September 33 l9 —

Nore, See. - - - ditto- 14 ditto - 17 1 —

Chatham, and Nore - ditto - 29 ditto - 18 17 —

Plymouth - 21 July 1708 - 20 August 1708 14 17 —

£ *’ 020 4 6

For Sir Tho. Littleton, Baronet.

Hawes.

The Copy of his late Royal Highness’s Warrant, ap- all her Majesty’s Plantations, &e. Generaliflimn of

pointing Benjamin Tymewell, and Anthony Hammond, all her Majesty’s Forces, &c.

Ei'.joircs.Two of the principal Officers and Commissioners To Benjamin and Esquires,

oi her Majesty’s Navy, to inspect the Business of the Two of the principal Officer* and Commissioners of lug:lter Office, is as followeth j viz. her Majesty’s Navy.

Whereas, pursuant to a late Act of Parliament (in-His Royal Highness Prince George of Denmark, See. tituled, An Act for the Increase and Encouragement Lord High Admiral of England, Ireland, &c. and of of Seamen) lit eral of the Commissioners of the Navy, Vol. 10. I and

Commissionef* of ftavy.

Comraiffionert of Navy.

7° Decembris. 1708.

and others, were, by particular Commissions, bearing Date the 30th of April 1696, appointed to manage the Business of registering Seamen, CsV. which Commissions have, since the Commencement of the late Peace, been discontinued: And whereas I have thought fit to appoint you to be the principal Officers and Commissioners, for registering Seamen for the Service of the royal Navy, and for executing all other the Powers and Authorities directed by the said Act of Parliament, besides your particular Business, a? principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy; you are therefore hereby required and directed, in the Execution of this my Commission, to observe and follow all suchinstructions and Directions, as have already been given to your Predecessors on that behalf, or which you shall from time to time receive from her Majesty, or myself, or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty, for the time being, or the Navy-board.

Given under my Hand, and the Seal of the Office of Admiralty, this 7th of August 170a, in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign.'

GEORGE.

By his Royal Highness’s Command.

Geo. Clarke.

Navy Office, 7 December 1708.

A Copy, prepared by the principal Officers and Cons-missioners of her Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Order from the honourable House of Commons, of Yefte: -day’s Date.

Dan. Furzer, Cha. Sergifcn,

Wm. Lee, D.

B. T

And also the Clause in the Act, of the 6th Year of her Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Sue-, cession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line) disabling several Officers to fit in this House, was read.

And Mr. Hawes, Cashier to the Treasurer of the Na-

vy, attending (according to Order) was called'in, and asked several Questions: And then he withdrew.

And Mr Thurland, belonging to the Navy Office, was also called in, and asked f^'eral Questions: And then.he withdrew.

And Mr. Hawes was called in again, and then delivered in Two Bills of Mr. Thurland's paid; and then withdrew.

And the said Bills are as follow ;viz.

Orders.

Received, the 7th April 1708. N° 2822.

2

*3

j. d. 8 — 6 —

IS *4 —

N* 5256.

1708.

C. T.

12 April 1708.

Tra. Charges.

To Richard Thurland, chief Clerk to Anth. Hammond, Esquire, one of the Commis-'J lioners of her Majesty’s Navy, for his travelling Charges, Diet, and Entertainment, in a Received,30 Journey, by him made to Portsmouth, to attend the Payment of her Majesty’s Ships there, April 1708. between the 13th of February and 25th March, 1708, as appears by a Certificate under I £ s. d. the Hand of the Commissioner, who comptrolled the said Service, remaining in the / 15. 14. — Comptroller’s Office, making 42 Days; whereof Four at 12 per Diem, £ 2. 8s. R.Thurland. and 38 at 7 s.per Diem,£. 13, 6s. in both, the Sum of £, 15. 14 Dated the 25th of March 1708 -

H.J. R, Haddock. Dan. Furzer,

Geo. Toilet.

13 April 1708.

N° 1876 to be paid out of the£.9,000 received 8 April 1708, out of the id Act for the Sale of the Annuities Anno 1708, and appointed for the Ordinary of the Navy, after ,£.8,496. 18 s. 10

Daniel Furzer, B. Tymewell,

H. J. 567. £,. Lyddell.

1 - April 1 yog. N--?* ,708.

j. tr.

Assigned,

9 April j 708, per J. C.

Received the 24th June 1708.

Extra.

275.

Charge

To Mr. Richard Thurland, chief Clerk to Anthony Esquire, one of the Commissioners of her Majesty’s Navy, for his travelling Charges, Diet, and Entertainment, in a Journey to Portsmouth, to attend the Payment of her Majesty’s Ships at that Place, between the 26th March 1708, and the 6th April following, as appears by a Certificate thereof under the said Commissioner’s Hand, remaining in the Comptroller’s Office, making 12 Days; whereof Four at 12 s.per , 8r. and Eight Days at 7 s.per Diem, £.1. 16 s. in both, the Sum of £. 5. 4f* Dated the 6t’n April 1708

J. B. H. J. B. Tymewell, fV. Lee, Geo. Tollett.

24 June, 1708. 24 June 1708.

N° 2836 to be paid out of the £. 9,000 received the 8th July 1708, in part of the £. 300,000 Tallies on the

nth 4*. Aid, and appointed for the Ordinary of the Navy, after £.8,274. i8j. 10

N® ioia)

-{*708.

£. s. d.

5- 4. —

R. Thurla.

Received, 14 August 708.

if. J. 76.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Commissioners of the Navy, as constituted by virtue of the present Commission, are Commissioners employed in the Out-ports, within the Intent of the Act of Parliament, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession^to the Crovyn of Great Britain in the Protestant Line j

143.

D. Lyddell, Daniel Furzer, W. Wright. 28 1708.

The House divided: Affi8ncd> 9 M 1708-

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, \ ,

fMr. Sambroke:

Tellers for the Noes,55*/ Cullett>

f Mr. Dolben;

So it passed in the Negative.

s

129.

146.

And

1

7 Ann. 7° — 8° — 90

And a Motion being made, and the Question proposed, That Anthony Hammond, Esquire, being a Commissioner of the Navy, and employed in the Out-ports, is thereby incapable of being elected, or voting, as a Member of this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out "and employed in the Out-ports."

And the Qudlion being put, that those Words /land Part of the Question;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Ve.s,f.lr } .34-

Tellers for the Noes.J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question beirtg put, That Anthony Hamond, Esquire, being a Commissioner of the Navy, and employed in the Out-ports, is thereby incapable of being elected, or voting, as a Member of this House j

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Reading Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Merits fcleUwo. of hc Election for the Borough of Reading be adjourned till TkurJJay Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mcrcurii, 8°;

Anno 7* Anna Regina, 1708. Prayers.

lord A PETITION of Catherine Countcls Dowager of

v 'imian’s ± \ Alin Aon, on the behalf of the Right honourable

Richard Lord Viscount IVenman, in the Kingdom of Ireland, an Infant, her Son, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner’s said Son is now in Treaty for a Marriage, but by reason of his Minority, cannot make a Settlement: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to make a Settlement of his Estate, upon his Marriage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Roxvney, Mr. Harley, and Mr. Lechmere, do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

Dec emir is. 3 5

Number of Men are wanting to complete the British Forces; and of what Money has been paid, porfuant to the Address of this House, the last Parliament, for paying £. 4 per Man, as an Encouragement for recruiting her Majesty’s Army, and when, and to whom, the Money was paid j and also what Number of Men may be wanting, to man her Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1709; that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, pursuant to the said Address.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Shoreharo Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the "rlU electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shoreham, in the County of in the room of Anthony Hamond, Esquire, who hath been declared to be incapable of being elected, or voting, as a Member of this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Alifchieft making the ACtof the Sixth Y'ear of her Majesty’s Reign, f irc'

for the better preventing Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire, more effectual; and that Sir Withers, the Lord Wm. Poxvlctt, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. Medlycott, and the Members, that serve for the Cities of and

Westminster, and Mr. Recorder of London, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of L^Tax. the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolveed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning ncxr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Ways night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Amy, fee, A Petition of the Proprietors of the Army and litveiiiuies. Transport Debentures, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf ot themselves, and others concerned in that Debt, was presented to the House, and read; letting so. th, that no Principal on the said Debentures has been paid, other than such, as has been funk by the Purchase of forfeited Estates in Ireland, which are now all fold, and the remaining unsatisfied Debentures amount to about £. 960,000, which by the Act, made in the First Year of her Majesty s Reign, for making good Deficiencies, were to be made good in the next Session of Parliament after the 24th of "June 17 oj, with Interest at £. 5 per Cent, per Annum: That Provision was made by Parliament for Interest due to Christmas 1706; but no Provision being yet made lor the remaining Principal, or Interest, has occasioned a Discount of £. 30 Cent, upon the said Debentures, to the great Discredit of the publick Funds: And praying that some effectual Provision may be made for paying the said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

>rf«ei to Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their .".ddrets. Address having been presented to her Majesty/That she would be pleased to give directions to the proper Officer, that an Account may be laid before this House of what Vol. 16.

Jovis, 90 die Decetnbris;

Anno 7® Annae Reginte, 1708.

PR A Y ERS.

THE House (according to Order) proceeded on the Beading further Consideration of the Merits of the Election Elechou. for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks.

And the Counsel being called in; the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to disqualifyfome other of the Persons, who gave their Votes for the Sitting Member.

And a Book, covered with Parchment, beingproduced by the Town Clerk, to make out the Right of one of the Voters to a Freedom of the said Borough; the Counsel thereupon withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the Parchment Book, now produced at the Bar by the Town Clerk of Reading, be received as Evidence;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, J ] 104-

Tellers for the Noes, ] '9-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and proceeded to make out their Exceptions to other Voters; and afterwards withdrew. _ ,

Answer to Address.

Prohibited East India Goooos*

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Merits 1708; also an Account of the said Good^ by the Old of the said Election be adjourned till Saturday Morning Company, whichpayonlythehalfSubfidy, in a Warehouse ncXt. at St. Hellens, what exported, and what remains, from

, 4, , iM1 March z a 1708, to September 29th, 1708; also an

And then the Houft adjoamed. till Tomorrow Account of th' 6id Goods, by the United Etlfc-i.

Morning, Nine a Clock. Company, in the Warehouse at St. Hellens, what lus been

brought in, what exported, and what remains, from *" " March 25, 1708, to September 29, 1708.

Veneris, I0° die Decembris; An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by

the New East India Company, which were intilled to De-

Anno 7* Ann* Regime, 1708. ba}turLe* in a Warehouse at the Steelyard, ^t exported,

0 and what remains, from March 25, 1708, to h^pt ember

Prayers. 29, 1708 ;also an Account of the said Goods, by the

MR. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that New Company, which pay the half Subsidy, in a Ware-their Address having been presented to her Ma- house at the Steel-yard, what received in, what exported, jesty. That Ihe would be pleased to direct, that there and what remains from March 25, 1708, to September

may be laid before this House,a List of the Names of all 29, 1708; also an Account of the said Goods by the

such Officers, as were sent into the several Counties of United East India Company, in a Warehouse at Leaden-Great Britain, to raise Recruits, pursuant to the Act for hall, what has been brought in, delivered out for Expor-the better recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and tation, and what remains, from March 25, 170S, to Marines, for the Year 1708, together with the Numbers September 29, 1708:

of Men so raised in the several Counties; her Majesty h^d An Account of the prohibited Goods in

been plealed to give Directions, pursuant to the said her Majesty’s Warehouse at the Custom-house,

Address. being the Goods formerly at the Out-ropers Office, what

exported, and what remains, from Lady-day 1708, to The House being informed, that Sir Matth. Dudley* Michaelmas-day 1708. one of the G>mmissioners of the Customs, attended, he An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, brought into her Majesty’s Warehouse at the Custom-pursuant to an Act of Parliament for that Purpose, the house, , what exported, and what remains, from

several Accounts following; viz. Lady-day 1708, to Michaelmas-day 1708.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by And then he withdrew,

the Old East India Company, which were entitled to And the Titles of the said Accounts being read;

Debenture, in a Warehouse at St. Hellens, what exported, Ordered, That the said Accountsdolie upon the Table, and what remains, from September 29, 1707, to March to be perused by the Members of the House.

45th, 1708; also an Account of the said Goods, by the The said Accounts are bound up unth the other Old Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, in a Papers of this Session.

Warehouse at St. Hellens, what exported, and what remain?, from September 29, 1707, to March 25, 1708} The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill; and also an Account of the said Goods, by the United Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the La-uU lax. East India Company, in a Warehouse at St. Hellens, what Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by brought in, what exported, and what remains, from a Land Tax in Great Britain.

September 29, 1707, to March 25, 1708: Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee,

the New East India Company, which pay the half Sub- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

fidy, in a Warehouse at the Steel-yard, what received Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they

in, delivered out, and what remains, from September 29, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-1707, to March 25, 1708; also an Account of the said ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report.

Goods, by the New East India Company, which were when the House will please to receive the same, entitled to Debenture in a Warehouse at the Steel-yard, Ordered, That the Report be received upon what exported, and what remains, from September 29, Morning next.

1707, to March 25, 1708; also an Account of the said

Goods of the United Company, which pay only the half And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Subsidy, in a Warehouse at Leadenhall, what have been Morning, Nine* Clock,

brought in, what delivered out for Exportation, and

what remains in the said Warehouse, from September 29, ——

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, 11 dlC DecembfiS )

brought into her Majesty’s Warehouse at the Custom-

house, London, what exported, and what remains, from Anno 7* Annas Regin*, 1708.

Michaelmas 1707, to Lady-day 1708: —

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, in her Prayers;

Majesty’s Warehouse in the Custom-house, London, being A/fR. William Bridges (by her Majesty’s Command) Ordnance

the Goods, which were formerly at the Out-roper's Office, XtA from the Office of Ordnance, presented to the e L

' what exported, and what remains, from Michaelmas 1707, House (pursuant to their Address) An Account of the to Lady-day 1708: Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and

An Accountot the prohibited East India Goods, by the Services performed, to the 30th of September 1708.

Old East India Company, which were entitled to Deben- And the Title thereof being read;

ture, in a Warehouse at St. Hellens, what exported, and The said Account is as followeth; viz.

what remains, from March 25, 1708, to September 29,

£. s. i.

Due to Artificers, and others, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th of? , . _ ,

September 1708 - -..... _ *97>436 M 3*

Due to the Holland Train, to dittoTime - -- *,796 16 —

Due 10 the Train in Spain - - - - _ 8,002 17 5$

Due to the Officers, t£c.at Gibraltar - - -- 2,248 7 —

Due to the Engineers, Storekeepers, iftc. at New York, and Jamaica - 328 15 —

18 Due

intal

118 Decemb

7 Ann.

Due to Fireworkers, Bombardiers, idc. attending the Bomb-vessels in the Mediterranean and Channel ——

Due for Freight of Ships attending at Barcelona, Alicant, Lisbon, and Bomb-vessels to dittoi Time ----- - -J

Due for Salaries, and Rents of Warehouses, td ——

£. x. d.

884 18 —

16,065 i 4,in xo. 71

Tallies.

Money

£ 23 °>875*» 6i

In the Treasurer of the Ordnance’s Hand the 30th of September 1708.

£. s. d.

Upon Tenth 4*. Aid, payable after1,775,916. 7 6 - 4,000 — —

Upon Eleventh 4s.Aid, payable after £. 1,650,694. 7 ad, - 33,500 -

Upon low Wines, payable after £.604,200. I s.$\d. ----- 28,592 8 6f

.....23.667 12 4f

£. 89,760 — jo{

IVm. Bridges, Robert Lowther,

Ja. Craggs, C.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, An Account of the Number of private Men, belong-to be perused by the Members of the House. ing to each of the Marine Regiments; with an Account,

where they are, and how many are wanting to compleat Manning Mr. Burcbelt (by her Majesty’s Command) from the each Regiment. the!W- Lord High Admiral, presented to the House (pursuant And the Titles thereof being read;

to their Add re ft) The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

An Account of Men, wanting to man her Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1709; and also,

Admiralty Office. December to, 1708. The ACCOUNT of what number of Men are wanting, to man her Majesty’s Vavy for the Year 1709: Prepared, pursuant to an Address to her Majesty from the House of Commons, of the 6th of December 1708.

No.

The Complements of Men in all her Majesty’s Ships and Vessels, now in Sea-pay at home - - 27,460

The Number borne on the said Ships and Vessels at home, those abroad being supposed to be fully 7 sftr manned.....j 5>

So that there will be wanting for the Ships and Vessels, now in Sea-pay ----- 1,579

Deducing from which, 900 Marine Soldiers at the Head Quarters in England, ready to be put onl board her Majesty’s Ships, when called for, besides 500 in Garrison at Port Mahon, 100 at Majorca\ 900 and One hundred and Sixty at Deni* ----- ----- - -j

There will be wanting but - -- -- 679

But in case the Service shall require the putting to Sea the great Ships, and others of smaller Rates, and ") those that are building, which will be ready for next Year’s Service, viz. Three First Rates, Six Second > 10,205 Rates, Five Third Rates, Three Fourth Rates, and Three Fifth Rates, which will require -j

The whole Number wanting will be - -- 10,884

The said ACCOUNT of the Number of private Men, belonging to each of the Marine Regiments, with an Account, where they noware, and how many arc wanting to compleat each Regiment; viz.

REGIMENTS. On boarc Ships. ] In Quarters. In Spain, ► Totals. Wanting to compleat.

Seymour's - - m m m 692 282 69 1,043 1 61

Holt's - 633 »°5 181 9*9 184

HiUs's 697 107 1421 I 946 *5*

ChurchilTs m - 578 123 *49 850 254

Borr's - - - m m - 650 218 22 890 214

Shannon's ] 638 62 *93 893 2(1

I 3,888 J 897 756 [ 5.54* 1,082

But this Account being given in October last, the respective Colonels, from the Accounts they have last> , received, do judge, they may want near 100 Men to compleat each Regiment, which come to about -j 00

Wanting in all..... ----- - it68z

Marin*

R«cxuiti.

Ordered, That the ft id Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that a Person attended from the Commissary General of the Marines, he was . Vol. 16.

called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of the Recruits, raised for the Marine Regiments in the Year 1708.

And then he withdrew.

The laid Account is as followeth;

K.

Whitehaven

Harbour.

Regiments.

Lieutenant General Seymor’s - (

Major General Holt's

Major General Willi's

Colonel Churchill

Lord Shannon

Colonel Borr

n° Decembris.

A. 1708.

Officers Names.

Captain Tucker

Lieutenant Duff -# Lieutenant Goddard Lieutenant Purchase Captain Stringar Lieutenant Gilbert -Lieutenant Kingston Major Saville Lieutenant Colonel Carter Captain Rodney -Captain Skye -Captain Robinson Captain Balfour e

Captain Morgan Major Sediere

Lieutenant Colonel Burston Major Williams Lieutenant Dawes -Captain Irwin

Lieutenant Thomas Dawes Captain Blynman Lieutenant Webb -Captain Tayler

Captain Devereux -Lieutenant Obrien -Captain Busby Captain Watkins Lieutenant Beckwith Lieutenant Shepkeard Major Thomp/on Captain Webb Captain Howard Captain Bonard Lieutenant jachf -Lieutenant Parker -Lieutenant Walton -Lieutenant Weeks -Major Kemp -Captain Lee -Captain Colbourne -Lieutenant Raper -Captain Mullins Captain Fade

Lieutenant Fitz Gerald -Captain Webb Captain Dennet Captain Ramsay Lieutenant Smith -Lictenant Williams-

Edward Knatchbull.

1

:i

;i

In what County upon Recruiting.

Devonshire

Somersetshire -Wiltjliire

Lincolnshire

Suffix

Essex -Huntington Bristol -Norfolk -Kent

Gloucestershire -

Yorkshire

Lincolnshire

Somersetshire -

Devonshire

Buckinghamshire Warzvu kshire -

Yorkshire

Wiltshire

Middlesex

Kent -

Nottingham Norfolk Sussex -London -

Cambridgeshire -

Hampshire

Dorsetshire

Norfolk -Warwickshire -Glamorganshire -

In all

Number of Men raised.

346

241

*75

108 gone since to Quarters.

310

*54

387

1,721

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Mr. Lowlher (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for preserving, and enlarging, the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland , and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. James Bridges (by her Majesty’s Command) pre- Levy Monej. fented to the House, pursuant to their Address, An Account of what Monies hath been issued to him, for Levy-money to her Majesty’s Forces, pursuant to the late Act of Parliament, and her Majesty’s Proclamation, in that behalf, and of his Payments thereout.

And the Title thereof being read;

The said Account is as followeth j viz.

170-f. February 20th.

March 12. April 19.

Receipts. £.

Received at the Exchequer, upon Account, to pay the extraordinary Levy-money fori :cruits, raised, or to be raised, pursuant to her Majesty’s late Proclamation in that

Recruits^ behalf

Received more upon the same Account ----- Received there to compleat £.4 a Man, for the full Complement of the effective private Centinels of Seven Regiments of the Foot, who were made Prisoners at the Battle of Almanza, and to be forthwith recruited -

10,000

- 5,000

e>

e> 8,028

Total received

£. 23,028

«70|-February 26th.

March 5. 1708. April 20.

*3

1701-March 5. 1708, April 15. 20.

March 5th.

29. April 15. 20.

July *3

7° 1--February 27.

March 4. April 13. 20.

February 3 y^riV 20

March 4

o#r/7 13 20

17°r* February 27

March 4. 13 20.

17°T March 12. April l-].

May 1.

*7-

August 27. September 17.

- 11 0 Decemb

Payments:

Paid the Regiment of Foot of Wight man, late , on Account of extra- 7

ordinary Levy-money, directed by her Majesty’s Proclamation and Warrant j Paid the same Regiment more on the same Account -

Paid the said Regiment more on the like Account ----- Paid ditto more, to compleat the said Levy-money for 637 private effectice? Men, at £. 4 cadi ----- - -1

Total paid Brigadier nightman's Regiment, to John their Agent

Paid the Regiment of Foot of Mountjoye's, on Account of the said extraordinary 7 Levy-money, directed by the said Proclamation and Warrant - - - 1

Paid the said Regiment more on the same Account -

Paid the said Regiment more, being to compleat the said additional Levy- 7 money of 653 private Men, at £.4 each - - - - -3

Total to Moumjoy's Regiment, paid to John , their Agent -Paid the Regiment of Foot of Mordaunt, on Account of the said extraordinary 7 Levy-money, directed by the said Proclamation and Warrant - - - )

Paid the said Regiment more on the same Account -

Paid the said Regiment more on the like Account -Paid the said Regiment more on the same Account -Paid more, to compleat tire Levy-money of this Regiment -

39

7OQ

3°o

1,272

276

2,54*

1,000

200

1,4x2

1,000

200 400 7 52

2CC

2,6l2

Total paid the Regiment of Mordaunt, to Geo. their Agent -

Paid the Regiment of Foot of Mac Cartnex, on Account of the said extraor- 7 dinary Levy-money, directed by the said Proclamation and Warrant - - j

Paid t!ie laid Reg ment more on the like Account.

Paid t e said Regiment more on the same Account -

Paid dirto, to comp.'eat the said additional Levy-money of 602 effective Men, 7 at jf. 4 each ----- 3

2,55*

1,100

700

200

808

Total to the Regiment of Mc Cartney, paid to R , Agent - - 2,408 Paid the Regiment of Gorge's Foot, on Account of the said extraordinary 7 ( QOO

Levy-money, directed by the said Proclamation and Warrant - - - ' ’

Paid the said Regiment, so compleat the said additional Levy-money of 653 J

private effeiftive Men, at each -

Total to the Regiment of Gorge's, paid to John Barker, Agent -Paid the Regiment of Foot of Bozvles, on Account of the said extraordinary 7 Levy-money, dircifted by the said Proclamation and Warrant - - -3

Paid the said Regiment more on the same Account -Paid ditto, to compleat the Levy-money of 638 Men, at£.4 each

Total to the Regiment of Bowles, paid to Robert , their Agent

Paid the Regiment of Kerr's Foot, on Account of the said extraordinary 7 Lcvv-n.oney, directed by the said Pioclamati m and Warrant - - -3

Paid the said Regiment on the same Account - - .

Paid the said Regiment on the like Account -

Paid to compleat the said Levy-money of 530 Men, at £.4 each

2,61*

1,400

200

?52

1,100

3°o

200

520

2>552

Total to Kerr's Regiment, paid to Robert Gardner, their Agent -

Total paid Seven Regiments of Foot, who were made Prisoners at -

Paid the Regiments of Dragoons of Stair and Ross, for additional Levy-money, pursuant to her Majesty's Warrant, for 100 additional effective Men, to compleat the Troops from 54 to 00 Men in each, and adding a new Troop, of the like Numbers, to each Regiment -

Paid the Royal Regiment of Foot, commanded by the Earl of , on Account of the said additional Levy-money for 132 Volunteers, raised lor the Service of the said Regiment j viz.

2,120

17>4°4

400

Paid Captain John Gordon for -

Major Archdeacon Hamilton -Captain Walter bines - -

Ensign Robert Wilkies, for Captain Shaw Mr. Grahm, by Power from Captain Brown

Lieutenant Wra.Carr, for Lord Fincastle's Captain James Erjkin Captain Wm. Mur head -

Ensign Wm. Cheap, for Captain Ross Lieutenant Laroon, for Captain Hamilton Ensign Hamilton, for Captain Lindsey Lieutenant Laroon, for Captain Hamilton Mr. Wefcomb, their Agent -

Vol. 16.

v oiunteers.

- - - m «4 28

- - 5 IO

- - 5 IO

- mm " - 4 8

am - - 21 42

10 20

- - 11 22

" A I 22

- - 4 8

" - 5 10

- - 7 14

1 2

* - 60 120

158

3x6

40

11* Decembris.

1708.

Alay 4th.

April 26. August 5.

April 3. 1

May a 1.

September 19.

April 21. *70}. March 18.

April 13.

February 12.

23-Mtfjr 14.

1708. April 22. 29

»r/7 29. May 1.

3

1

June $.

March 9. /^r/Y 24. /tfdy 6.

11. 22. 29. June 12.

it).

l7°h March 2.

6.

May 12. March 22.

1708.

Volunteers-

Paid Captain Richard Prater, for the said additional Levy-money of Eleven 7 Volunteers, raised by him for his Grace the Duke of s Regiment of Foot J

Paid Jonathan Watson, Agent to the Regiment of Foot of on!

Account of the additional Levy-money of 23 Volunteers, raised for the said > 5

Regiment ----- - J

Paid ditto, for 18 Volunteers, to compleat the said 23 - - - - 18

23

Paid Silvester Steukley, for additional Levy-money of the Regiment of Foot, commanded by Lord North and Grey -

Paid Lieutenant Moyle, on Account of the additional Levy-money of 19 Volunteers, raised by him for Lieutenant General Ingold/by's Regiment Paid on Account of the said additional Levy-money of 108 Volunteers for Colonel Sampson de Lake's Regiment of Foot; viz.

Paid Mr. Graham, their Agent, for ——

Paid ditto ——

93 15

to8

Paid Major Gordon, Agent to Colonel Regiment, for additional 1

Levy-money for that Regiment - - j'.

Paid Mr. Wilkes, Agent, for additional Levy-money of Brigadier s7

Regiment ----- J

Paid Mr. Merrill, Agent, additional Levy-money of Sir Richard Temple's 1 Regiment - - - - J

Paid for additional Levy-money of Brigadier s (now FrimroJe) late 7 Regiment} viz, J‘

Paid Captain Blackwell for ----- 9

Captain Burton ----- "9

Captain Simolt Roach -

22

10

36

186

30

*3

Paid on Account of additional Levy-money for the Regiment of Foot of Evans; viz.

Paid Captain Jeffrey for ——

Captain Foxon ——

Captain Groves - -

Paid the Regiment of Foot of Gitery, for additional Levy-money; viz.

Paid Captain Dimond for - -

Ensign Hothead -

Henry Gill -

Captain Birch -

Captain Gerard Devines -

Ensign Jour dan -

Lieutenant Maffey -

Captain Lewis....

Captain Darby

Paid Major General Farrington's Regiment, on Account of the said additional Levy-money; viz.

Paid Captain Gardner, their Agent -

Captain Peter Bonafous -

Ensign Hujbatids, for the Major General

Lieutenant Montgomery, for Captain Bonafous Captain Reuben for - - - - *

Captain Cha. Cajllenau -

Colonel Wray

Major Greenwood -

Captain Davies -

Captain Ben. Colenbine -

Captain Gardner, by Power from Major Crathrode -

Stuart's Regiment - - - -3

Paid Mr. Steukley, Agent, Levy-money of Colonel Wade's Regiment Paid Captai* fVilfon, Agent, for ditto of Lord Barrymore's Regiment of Foot Paid ditto on the same Account -

Paid Mr. John Wilkes, fordittoof Colonel , late s

18

18

10

11 22

10 20

9 18

30

*9 38

it a4

t 4

21 4*

5 10

1 2

1 2

3 6

4 8

68 i

400

10 20

6 12

6 12

8 t6

11 22

7 *4

3 6

8 16

9 18

10 20

- -

- -

46

120

8

2IS

So

100

150

60

«3<

556

400

700

5 00 200 200 Paid

n° Decem

17°t> March4.

May 26. 29.

June 1. 4-

28.

July 3.

February 2-j.

Marc// 17.

April IJ. March 17.

August 5* April 13.

April 27.

Aftfjr 4.

October 25.

March 29.

Paid Captain Gardner, Agent, for ditto, of Colonel Southwells Regiment -Paid on Account, for additional Levy-money of 149 Volunteers of Brigadier Hans Hamilton’s Regiment of Foot; viz.

Paid Captain Lyddtll f< r -

Major Robert Parsons -

Lieutenant Colonel Kitfon -

Captain Akie- - - -12

Captain Robert Hays -

Major Richard Cole -

Captain James Painter -

Captain Bernard Farrell -

Brigadier Hamilton ----- 6

Captain Chris Harrfon -Captain Gee. Pur don -

Alowbrays, for Captain Purdon -

Colonel 77/o. Garth -

Captain Lavally -

Entign JCw. Hamilton, for Colonel Garth -

M9

Paid Captain Gardner, Agent, Levy-money for the Regiment of Foot of } the late Colonel Alnut’s - 3

Paid Mr. Peter Potter, Agent, Levy-money for Wat kins’s Regiment Paid ditto, for Colonel 7//Zfs Regiment -

Paid ditto more on the same Account -

Paid ditto, for Sir Cha. Hot bams Regiment -

Paid ditto more on the same Account -

Paid ditto, for the Lord Tyrau ley’s Regiment of Foot -

P-<d ditto more on the same Account -

Paid ditto, for Colonel Moor’s (late Aden's) Regiment of Foot -

Paid Mr. Join Gough, Agent, Levy-Money for Colonel Dormers (late ’(

Lord Alohun's)Regiment of Foot.j

Paid Mr. Nathaniel Carpenter, Agent, for Colonel Toby Caulfield's Regiment -Paid Mr. John Payne, Agent, Levy-money for Colonel Pierce’s

Regiment - -- - i

Paid t^ie several Persons following for additional Levy-money of Brigadier Newton's Regiment of Foot; viz.

Paid Captain John Fitzpatrick for ——

Captain Chris. Pearde -

Captain Mich. Synge -

Entign James Alexander ——

Captain Latham Doherty ——

Captain Robert Hamilton -

Lieutenant Cairnes Ash -

Captain Tho. St. Claire -

Captain fVm. Graham ——

Mr. Chadwick, their Agent ——

110

Paid the several Persons following Levy-money to Brigadier s Regiment; viz.

Paid Mr. Champanty, their Agent -

Captain Cha Middleton - -- -- - 6

Captain Nicholas Codd .....j

Captain Cha. Sadler ----- (3

Captain Wm.Smith -

Captain Hen. Hodgkinson -

Captain Simon Parry - -

Entign Carmichael -

Captain Nicholas Bunbury - - - - . -10

[anteers 41 1 £ C-

- - " 300

>7 34

23 46

7 14

12 I 24

16 32

9 18

/5 10

J3 26

6 12

8 16

2 I 4

1 2

1 2

l3 26

16 32

April 21.

August 5.

Paid the several Persons following, on account of additional Levy-money of 107 Volunteers of Colonel Stanwix's Regiment of Foot;

Paid Caprain Perkins for -

Lieutenant Johnson, for Captain Hays -Captain Harry Colt -Paid to Mr. Gough, their Agent - -

- 19

5

- 38

- 45

Total paid

107

Pay Office, December the nth, 1708.

J. Brydges.

Vo i. 16.

1

— 298

400

200 2 00 200 200 200 2 00 2CO

184

l8a

ISO

200

2 4

12 24

13 26

3 6

4 8

10 20

3 6

23 46

i° 20

3° 60

-----220

1OO 12 IO 12 IO l8 IO . 8 20

I----- 200

38

10

76

90

Memorandum

43 ii Decembris.A. 1708.

Memorandum: Ifer Majesty's Warrant, directed to the Paymaster General of the Forces, for Payment of the aforesaid Levy-money, orders, that the respective Sums of £. 4 and 401. payable pursuant to the Act of Parliament, should be issued to the respective Officers employed in recruiting the Land Forces, upon their producing the Receipt of the Man lifted, for the fame; which has been done accordingly to such, as have produced authentick Receipts j but in the mean time, to enable the Officers to proceed upon this Service, there Was advanced to the Agents of the respective Regiments, who were to be recruited, the Sums necessary for that Purpose, they obliging themselves to allow, out of the Subsistence of the Regiment, such Part of this Money, as should not appear, by proper Receipts, to have been disposed of conformable to -the Method prescribed by the Act of Parliament, and her Majesty’s Proclamation and Warrant, in that behalf.

it

&1

Pa

fe

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Improving Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevenths Union. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider of that Part of the Speech of the Lords Commissioners, for opening, and holding, this present Parliament, which relates to the further Improvement of the Union.

Reading And then the House proceeded (according to Order) Election. jn tj,e farther Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks.

And the Counsel on both Sides being called in; the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded to disqualify some other of the Persons, who gave their Votes at the said Election for the Sitting Member; after which, several Witnesses were called in, and examined, on the behalf of the Petitioner.

And after that, the Counsel for the Sitting Member proceeded to disqualify several of the Persons, who had given their Votes at the Election for the Petitioner, and to add such, as were refused; and also several Witnesses were called in, and examined, on the behalf of the Sitting Member.

After which, the Counsel on both Sides were heard; and then withdrew.

And a Motion being mad«, and the Question being put, That Anthony Blagrave, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of }

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Ye*. { } ,4»-

Teller! for the Noes, j Mr. N} ®2'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Secretary at War (by her Majesty’s Command) Recruiting presented to the House, pursuant to their Address, the Forces, An Account of what Men have been delivered over &c* by the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties in Great Britain, according to the Return made to the Office of her Majesty’s Secretary at War, pursuant to the Act of Parliament, for the better recruiting the Land Forces, and Marines, for the Year 1708, since the First of April, inclusive; and also.

An Account of extraordinary Bounty-money, paid for Volunteers; and also,

An Account of what Counties were allotted to the respective Regiments in Great Britain, for railing Recruits, pursuant to the last Act of Parliament, as settled by the General Officers on the First of March 1707 j and also.

An Account of what Numbers of Men are computed to be wanting, for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces for the Service of the Year 1709.

And the Titles of the said Accounts being read.

The laid Accounts are as follow; viz.

JIG

Earlof 0 iunit nil®

Si,

vj.Wi

JiffGr!

i\«ei (j

;Frj

b ’Gtfii

i.«f I

;:i*; t1

vlii;

U.ffB iffi, Gff;

*11

Jfe’iVir

*, k *b,t li

W#

!*br!

h

3«tS

S-|.

; ‘1ft

’Bty "it;

Av

II. Dicembris.

43

An ACCOUNT of what Men have been dr^Vered over by the several Ju'Tices o'* the I^eace nf the several Counties in Great Britain, according to the Returns made to the Office of her Majesty's Secretary at War pursuant to an Act of Parliament (intituled, An for the better recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service Or the Year 1708) since the First Day of April last, inclusive.

£ — £ £ u V £ u -d

REGIMENTS. d 3. £ K V ju £ s £ £ U 3 N Z u /, V Z w_ z r 5 V u Z* 0 >« A 3 r> £ u 6 u £ r t A u ? w < A z t z 5 — Z 1/ Z Q r J2 H rJn / . 7j 9 / O u V 3 'Z -C m V u Z V Z d £ U -E £ E 0t, 0 0 1 £ c u 0 1 £ u. z Z z 5 To c i £ w z £ - r r> X c* 1 S a. E — i 5 > it u v ?. £ +1 J >. £ c 2t 1 £ j 5 Z 5 — 3 (ft -X U V 23 u 1 E JZ z 0 A A a < t-

Earl of Orkneys Regiment 5 *7 *5 1 38 7

General Churchills - - - 7 / 5* 14 21

First Regiment of Guards - 36 6 1

Duke of Argyle'% Regiment - to - - 3 1

Major General Webbs - 1 - - - 11 9 13 11

Lord North and Grey s - - 4 2 - . 1 - 5 1

1 7 c

Lieut.General Ingoldefbyes - 3 - - 3 1 - - - ~ 7 1

Colonel halos - - - - ft ft i

Brigadier Primrqfc's - 2 8 - 3 . - I >3 4^> 34 i(5

Brigadier Temple's - - - 1* 8 - - - *3 10

Major General Meredyth's - . 5 - 8 - if) - - - - 5 - - - - *

Earl of Orrerf - - 5 - - 6 1 ] - - - 3 - - * 47 17

Brigadier Evans's - - - 9 11 - - - - 1 2 - 1 1 4 m

Brigadier If hel hum's - - - 7 - - - 1 ~ — — 0 > - - " / 4i 5o e

Colonel Hamilton's - - 3 4 3 . _ 2 3 - 8 - - 11 - - - 7 - - - - "

Colonel Watkins'* - - - - 33 2 . 1 - - - - 2 - - - 8 3 - - - 1

Sir Thomas Prendergrajls - .7 7

I _ / I 7

Major General San key's 6 1 A I 1 / *5 29 49 16

Earl of Barrymore's - 2 - - - 2 - " - - - - I A H

Colonel Donna 's - - - - 1 - - - *3 - - - - 5 - V

L>rd Mor daunt's - - - 4 1 - . - 37 - I 1 - 3 - 1 ! - - 2 - "

5 67 3 8+ 57 11

Colonel Townjhen&s - - - 2 J4 1 - - - .5 - 1 - M - * 2 m

Brigadier Newtons - - - 4 2 15 22 59 68

Colonel Pearces - - - - 12 - 4 - - - " " - 6

Colonel Stmurix's - - -Lieut. General Earls - - 8 8 - 8 3 1 4 2 9 - 1 1 - - 5 51 - 33

4 /}

Colonel \Iundent - - - 1 . - - - - 1 - - m ‘ Ch

Colonel Gore's - . - 1 1 9 0

Sir Roger Rr idjhaigh's - 1 - 1 - " - ,1 I M 49 1 la.

Colonel Csu(feild'$ - - - 15 ' ' o1

Colonel Boulcfs ... Major General Gorge's - >2 1 7 9 . 1 l 1 - - 1 ] 8s - - 4 44 ^5 65 22 4f> Q -T

Lord Mark Karr's - -Colonel Southwells Colonel Johnjons - - -Lieut. General Stewart's - 17 4 n - 1 - t - - - - 1 - - - €-2 5 1 15 > *

27 ‘2 2

Brigadier Wade's - - - - M - - 7 - ~ - 1 53 7

Brigadier IFightingtons - - 1 - - - 45 - - 4 2 ' " -

Late Colonel Alnut's - - 2 1 - - 5 - - - - ~ ~ " ‘ ' /

- - - - - 9 64,

Colonel Rook's - - -Major General Farrington's 4 1 3* 29 7 28 1 2 1 ——

Lieut. General Rojit's Brigadier Livefay's - - 1 3 _ - _ - - _ - - 3 27 ‘2 33 11

Brigadier Macartney's - 1 - - - . - - - " - ~ " "

Major General Mordaunt'* - 3 . - - 3 8 10

Brigadier Handufydcs - I

2

Colonel Delavnnc's - - - 3 3

Colonel Jonne'% - 3 - _ - . - - - - ' 3 0

0

Lord Tyrawly's ... - 1 - - - 1

— — — — , - — i

r 39 -57 54 16 58 71 29 44 16. 4* 45 3f 5 5,l Si lo5 19 10 ! 1 3 1 1 9 \(> 05 7 5 22 >(5 Si 7) it 33j «5| 1 1 1 1*750

R. Walpole.

Vol. 1®,

The

44

1708.

July Sth.

April 9.

June 18.

September 25.

110 Decembris.

A \ 1708'

The laid ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Bounty-money, paid for Volunteers; Received for this Service

Paid Colonel TovonjhencTsRegiment, for 85 Recruits -

Paid the First Regiment of Guards, for 74 Recruits -

Paid the Coldstream Regiment, for 81 Recruits - -

Paid Sir Tho. Pendergafi's, for 17 Recruits -

7. How.

492

170

148

162

3+

£ 5r4

f Essex, , INorfolk,

and Cambridgeshire.

The said ACCOUNT of what Counties were allotted to the respective Regiments in Great Britain, for raising Recruits, pursuant to the last Act of Parliament, as settled by flie General Officers on the tftof,

1707.

Flandert Regiments.

Royal Regiment of Foot -

Duke of Arguyles' s -Major General IVebb'% -

Lord North and Grey's -

Colonel Godfrey's -

Major General Howe's.

Lieutenant General bigoldsby's 'Colonel Lake's -

Brigadier Sabine's -

Brigadier Tattoris -Colonel Prefion’s ..

Sir Rich. Temple's ....

Major General Meredy/h's -

Colonel Evans's ....

Earl of Orrery’s ....

The Almanza Regiments.

.Lord Mordaunt's ....

Colonel Wade's -Brigadier Gorge's ....

Colonel Bowles's -

Lord Mont joy's -

Catalonia Regiments.

Lieutenant General Steuart's -Colonel SouthwelTs -

Colonel ///V/’s - - - '

Colonel Wightman's -

' Brigadier Mackartney's - - i-

Lord Terr’s - -

First Regiment of Foot Guards -

Coldstream Regiment -

Colonel Pearce's -

Earl of Barrymore's - -

Colonel Newton's ....

Lieutenant General Erie's - -

Late Major General Brudenell's -

Major General Mordaunt's - -

Major General Farrington's . - -

Brigadier Hamilton's -

Lord Mohun's, now Dormer's -

Brigadier Sankey's -

Colonel Caulfield’s - - - -: -

Colonel Elliott's - - - -Colonel Allen's, now Colonel Moor's Sir C/'rf. Hot ham’s -

Colonel Li/ingslon’s, now Jones's -

} - 5

/ Sir T//o. PendergaJTs Lord Pafion's Colonel Watkin’s ’ Colonel ‘Townshend's Colonel Stanwix's

The West Riding of Yorkshire.

The East and North Ridings.

Lancashire.

Cheshire, and Flintshire.

Worcejltrshire, AngUfea, Earn, and Denbighshire.

Hamfshire.

Devon.

Lincolnfhiee, and Derbyshire.

Staffordshire.

Northumberland.

Westmorland, and Durham.

London, and Middlesex.

Brecon, and Radnorshire.

Leicestershire.

Huntington, and Berkshire.

London.

Pembroke, and Cardiganshire.

Oxon.

Surry.

IV,arwickshire.

Nottinghamshire, and Rutland.

Herefordshire.

Montgomery, and Merionethjbin.

Bucks. '

Cumberland.

Carmarthen, and Glamorganshire.

Cornwall.

Bedfordshire.

Salop.

Monmouthshire.

Hertfordshire.

Northamptonshire.

R. Walpole.

The said ACCOUNT of what Numbers of Men are computed to be wanting, for recruiting her Majesty’s

s Land Forces, for the Service of the Year 1709; viz.

For recruiting the 20 Battalions in the Low Countries, at 150 Men each Battalion, over and above what )

are expected by Exchange of Prisoners - - - - / 3>000

For recruiting the Eleven Battalions, lately sent to Ojlend, at 200 Men each, one with another - 2,200

For recruiting the Two Battalions of Foot at Antwerp ----- 290

For recruiting the Six Battalions of Foot in Portugal ----- 1,200

For recruiting the Seven Battalions now in Spain ----- 800

For

7 Ann.

i i0 — x 30 Decembris.

For completing the Three Battalions of Lord Portmort, Lord and Lieutenant General ,1

which were reduced this Summer in Spain, and there incorporated into other Battalions, according to their f several Returns ----- . J

For completing the Five Battalions now in Garrison in South Britain, according to their several Returns For completing Four Battalions, now railing in Great Britain for the Service of Ireland, in the room of) Four Battalions lent from thence to Portugal - - - - . j

45

700

7 S' 1,400

For railing Four Battalions of Foot, which were discontinuedjfor the Payment of the Prisoners in France viz. Colonel Bieton's, Marquis de Montandre's,late Colonel dilnut's, and Colonel de s - - j

For railing Colonel Blofjet's Battalion, lately broke in Spain

For recruiting the Ten Battalions now in Ireland -

It. Walpole.

10,341

2,488

<36

1,500

14,865

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who cording to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. are to consider of Methods for effectual recruiting the Med/icott, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Secretary , and the Lord Land Forces, and Marines. IVm. do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Amy

Muller*.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that ihe will please to give Directions to the proper Officers, that an Account may be laid before this House, of the first Mullers of the Forces at the

Beginning of the lad Campaign, and also of the Muders lad returned.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 13* Decembris;

Anno 7* Annse Regina?, 1708.

Pa AYER S.

Mr. Whitfield (by her Majesty’s Command) presented to the House, purl'uant to their Address, An Account of what Money has been paid for recruiting the Six Marine Regiments for the Year 1708.

And the Title being read;

The said Account is as followeth;

Paid the Six Regiments out of the Money laved by Respites, from the 25 December 1707, to raise Recruits for the Year 1708; viz.

£-- 900

800

900

950

900

600

To Lieutenant General Seymour's Regiment

Major General Holt’s Regiment

Major General Wills's - -

Colonel Churchil/s's Regiment

Colonel Borrs Regiment -

Lord Shannons Regiment -

5»°5°

B. StaBbriTf £lhtt.

A PETITION of Hugh Staffoof the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and

There is dill a further Demand for the Extraordinary Charges, pursuant to the Aid of Parliament, for the bet-lead; letting forth, that the Petitioner’s Father did, on ter recruiting her Majesty’s Forces, and Marines, for the the Petitioner’s Marriage, settle all his Manors and Lands Year 1708; wherein is directed the paying/. 4 to every in the said County (after the Death of the Petitioner, and Volunteer, who shall enter himself into her Majesty’s

his Wife) to the I due of their Bodies, in Tail, with divers Remainders over, and a Power to the Petitioner for making Leases of the greated Part of the Edate:

That the Petitioner hath now a Son living, in whom the Remainder in Tail is veiled: That the Petitioner being left /. 2,500 in debt by his Father, is desirous to dil- Rclpites, for the said95 Men j charge the lame, by Sale of fume didant Parts of the

Service before the fird of May

And 495 Men being certified by the Commissary General of the Marines to have voluntarily Idled themselves within the said Time, there remains due, at 40*. per Man, more than the Recruit Money, paid them out of their

iz.

n

Edate, so settled, but not to prejudice his Son or Family, the Petitioner being willing to be debarred from his Power of making Leases, and fullering other Parts ofh is Edate, of a better Value than the Premises intended to be ibid, to fall into the Hands of the Heir Male: And praying. That I-eave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of some Part of his Edate, to enable him to pay his Father’s Debts, upon his making Satisfaction for the fame, by quitting his Power of letting Leases, and otherwise.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of t lie laid Petition; and that Mr. Gwyn, Sir IVm. Drake, Sir Peter King, and Sir Walter Yang, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

To Lieutenant General Seymour, for 231 Men Major General Holt, for 22 Men MajorGcnerai Wills, lor Two Men -Colonel Churchill, for 90 Men Colonel Bcrr, for 125 Men -Lord Shannon, for 25 Men

462

44 4 1 So 250 50

13

Pay Oface, December j 708.

If. Whitfield.

£ 990

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Marine

Keciuits.

‘Martin’s A Petition of the Ministerand Churchwardens of the the Field’* parish of St. Martin s in the Fields, and the other Gentle-orkhouse. men Q( t},e Vestry there, and of severalother Inhabitants within the City and Liberties of was present-

ed to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Poor of the said Parish are become very numerous, and burthensome to the Petitioners; and for want of Employment, many looie Persons betake them to lewd Courses, to the Scandal of Religion, and Disquiet of the Petitioners: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting one or more Workhouses within the said City and Liberties, for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining the m.

Vol. 16.

A Petition of John Corfu, a Genocfe Merchant, was Corfo’s hof* presented to the House, and read, letting forth. That the ,>lrafX-Petitioner has been a trading Merchant of fair Reputation, for many Years, and was lole Mailer and Owner ot a Ship, called the George Brigantine, on board whereof he had all he was worth in the World, being a Cargo of £. 26,000prime Cost, besides the Ship’s Furniture, which was all new, and coll £. 6,000, all which was taken from him by Wm. Kidd, an English Pirate, between Porto and Caracas, in the West Indies; and then he turned adrift the Petitioner, and his Ship’s Company, in an open Boat; That the Petitioner, afterwards arriving in and understanding, that Kidd was hange.l, and all the

M Goods,

46

13° — 140 D

A. 1708.

Goods taken by him from the Petitioner, seized by the labourers, is committed; and that they do examine the

Court of Admiralty, applied to that Court for his Goods, and produced his Marks, which were owned, and also the Affidavits of Four Persons, who were on board at the Time of the Caption, who proved, how the Petitioner came by the said Goods, and how, and when, he was robbed by Kidd: That the Petitioner applied to her Majesty for Relief, who directed Doctor Brampfton, Judge of the Admiralty Court, to report the Fact, with his

Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Methods for the effectual recruiting the Land Forces, and Marines.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of General

Hecruitifig Laud ioject.

}'l’:

Opinion thereupon, to her Majesty; which he did, and a this House be given to Major General for the great

Copy thereof is annexed to the Petition: That by a Clause and eminent Services performed by him at the Battle of in an Act of and 5 of her Majesty, for laying a Duty

upon Low Wines, the Money, arising by Sale of the And Major General being then in the House; Petitioner’s Goods, was applied to the Benefit of Green- Mr. Speaker gave him (in his Place) the Thanks of the wich Hospital, and her Majesty could not relieve the House accordingly, as followeth:

Webb

tbauked.

Petitioner, wild knew nothing of the said Act, until it was printed; but the last Session of Parliament he petitioned this House for Relief, who referred it to a Committee, and, after Examination of the Matter, made their Report; and the House appointed several Times to take the same into Consideration; but before any thing was done therein, the Parliament was prorogued: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration,

Major General IVebb,

’Tis with Pleasure, Sir, I receive the Commands of the House to return you their Thanks, for the great and

eminent Services performed by you at the Battle of

We are all sensible, how much the reducing the For-trefsof Lijle is owing to your Courage, and Conduct.

. A , I with a more early Notice, than the Motion now

anirc»lev? tll, ere^’ 0Vr , e I16 beg, or starve. made, had been given me, that I might have expressed Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition njype]f more suitably to the Occasion; though at the fame

Time I am very sensible, I should then have wanted Expressions.

One of the greatest Honours, wc are capable of conferring, is due to your Merit; and as such, in Obedience to Command, I now give you the unanimous Thanks of the House, for your great Sendees performed.

Woollen Mv nufactures, 4c.

be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Trevanion, Mr.

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Sir Wm. Mr.

Tredenham, Mr. Wilson, Sir John , Mr. M

ningten, Mr. Gwyn, Hr 7 ‘ho.Hanmer, Sir Wm. Hodges, Mr. Aylmer, Sir Jo. Packings on, Mr. Shepherd, S

bert Eden, Mr. Freeman, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Topham,

Mr. SIterat’d, Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Praed, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Worthy, Mr. jDifton, Mr. Mr. Cook, Sir

Pitch. Morrice, Mr. Lowther; and all the Gentlemen,

that serve for the Sea Ports, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the Encouragement of those who are Manufacturers of the Woollen, Iron, and Linen Manu-facturesof this Kingdom, and for the more easy Recovery of Wages, due for the working up the said Manufactures, and to Day-labourers, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mounta-gve, Sir Rnjhout Cullen, Mr. Hide, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Hen. Furnace, Mr. Cox, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Boynton, Mr. Gape, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Pack-tngton, Mr. Campion, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Mr. Ferrier, Mr.

Shacker/cy, Sir John Aubrey, Mr. Burridge, Sir James Long, Mr. Diston, Sir Rich. Hozv, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Robert John Cope;

Counties of Wilts, Gtouccfer, , Lancaster, Salop,

Wales, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

t:

Upon which, Major General Webb laid,

Mr. Speaker,

I return my hearty Thanks to this honourable House, for the great Honour they have been pleased to do me.

The Success I had at Wynnendale, is owing to the great Courage and ReioJution, which the Officers and Soldiers shewed in that Action.

I have always endeavoured to deserve the go-'d Opinion of the House; and ’tis the greatest Pleasure to m 5 imaginable, that I have served my Queen, and my Country, to their Satisfaction.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Sapply BiH; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for LindTa*. granting an Aid to her Majesty, (to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throu

j<Th-

L-l

Hi

out, and several of them a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Dovers, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Hampden, Sir Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, and all the Gentlemen that serve for the

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown, and Clerk of m ibon the Petty Bag, do attend this House Tomorrow Morn- Returns, fce. ing with such Returns, and other Records, as they have in their Custody, relating to the Borough of Mahon, in Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses and other the County of Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, within the Borough of Kirby Kendall, and other Pacts adjacent, in the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and Morning, Nine a Clock,

read; setting forth, that, notwithstanding divers ACks of

Parliament, to prevent the Exportation of Wool, great ——

Quantities are exported, for want of Encouragement to Officers, who were appointed to suppress the fame: And praying, that the House will take care to prevent the Abuses in exporting the Wool of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the

Mar tis, 14° die Decembris;

Anno 7* Ann* Regin*, Prayers.

1708.

Encouragement of those, who are Manufacturers of the f) R DERED, That all Committees be revived. Woollen, Iron, and Linen Manufactures of this King- v dora, and for the more easy Recovery of Wages due for the working up the said Manufactures, and to Day-4

Resolved, That this House will, To-mo row Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to

Committee* Supply.

7 Ann.

t

14° — 150 Decembris.

47

Milton

Election.

to consider further of the Supply granted to her Ma- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-jesty. cording to the I’ravcr the said Petition; and that Mr.

Mr. Ferrer, Mr. Hungerford, and Sir Peter The House (according to Order) proceeded to the King, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.* hearing the Merit-, of the double Return, and Election,.

for the Borough of Melton, in the County York.

And the Counf l on both Sides being called in; the Petitions, compLming of the said Return and Election, Were lead; and several Witnedes, on both Sides, were examined, touching the Matter of the Return; and the Counsel being heard, they withdrew.1

-ed, Ncndne contraaicents.That William

Efjui;e, and IVm. Strickland, Esquire, arc du y returned

Burge tie", to fejvcin this present Parliament lor the Borough of Melton, in the County of York.

Then the Counsel were cal'cd in again, and heard touching the M rits of the said Election; ^nd allb a Witness was examined, touching the Notice given for the Election: After which, the Counsel withdrew.

Rcfo, 'ved, That William Palmes, IT^uire, is duly elected

A Bill to prevent the laving of VTagers, relating to the Wager* re-Publick, was read a Second time. jju, np to

Refched, That the Bill be committed to Mr. - u 1C‘

ford, Mr. Sambrook, Mr. Mo n'egi-.e, Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Ferrer, Mr. Pare, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Herbert, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Sir

Edward Williams, Mr. Brewer, Sir Hen. Furnace, Mr.

Cott, Ai j\ Bertie, Mr. Dolbett, Sir Yong, Mr Lowndes, Mr Foot, Sir IVm AlhhncftMr. Mitton, M Herne, Mr. Carneage, Mr. Aifaby, Mr. Ash; and al! th®

Men nant- of the House: And they are t > meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. N ril/e(according to Order) presented to the

House, a Bill for miking the River navigable

Rennet

Navigation.

a Burgef, to serve in (Ins present Parliament for the said irom Newberry, in the County of Berks-, and

Embezzlement of wrecked Good*.

Borough of Alalton.

Rtfolvtd, That William Strickland, Esquire, is duly eletfk-d a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament lor the said B orouoh ot Malt on.

Ordered.Th:i’ the C ork of the Crown do attend this Home Tomorrow Morning, to amend toe Return fertile laid Borough ot Mahon, by taking off tin. Inf-murr, by which Thomas Worjley, Esquire, and Thomas,

E.quite, are returned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to tiring in a Bill to prevent the Embezzlement of Goods and Merchandizes, caff away upon, or near, the Ccift ni Great Britain-, and that Mr. Lozvnds, Mr. Boji<iw<.n, Mr. and the same was received, and read the Full time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to jvialton Ordci) amended the Return for the Borough of , itcunn

in the County of York. amended.

The House (according to Order) resumed the adjourn- Supply Bill; ed Confideintion of the Report from the Committee of Laud Tax. the w hole J Joule, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her M.ijeliy, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, w.is commuted.

And iome other of the Amendments, made by the Commit!ee to the Bi'l, were teveraJly read a Second time.

Leave of

Absence.

HaIfaH’*

Etlate.

Sir GilbertHeatheote, do prepare, and bring in, the am!, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed

Bill. unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mate into Uifminster-hall, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And lie went accordingly;

And, being icturned;

The Rdiduc of the Amendments, made the Committee to the Bill, were severalfy read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, the borrowing Clause, being read a Second time f

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the Word " Six" (the Rate oflnterest of the

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, i $° die Dccctnbris;

Anno 7* Ann* Reginae, 1708. Praters.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Serjeant have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of John Ha'fall, Esquire, Henry Eyres,

Esquire, and Susan hi-. Wife, Henry For. Etqture, and Money given) and in dead thereof, to inlert the Word

Penelope his Wile, John Caneton and Ru hard Pepper, "Five."

Gentlemen, was prtfetiled to the House, and read; setting And th.r Question being put, That the Word " Six" forth, that by Indentures ol Lease and Heic.de, made in Hand Tart of the Clause j

May 1679, Francis 'Earl of for £. 4,000 lent

him by James Haifad, Esquire, old mortgage his capital

Mefltiage. called CharlewoodPlace, and allotlier his Lands and Edatein the Pa,'(lies ol Charlewood and Horley, in Surry: That James Haifa!! :s de.d, and by virtue of his W ill, and other nx-fne Assignments, the Petitioners are

be inserted instead

entitled to the whole Money, due upon the said Mort- Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Word " Five’ thereof.

Clause D. (That nothing in this Act shall alter the former Deduction for Taxes out of a Fee-farm Rent for the Manor of Aldington, in the County of being read a

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, against Persons acting in Cities, as Commissioners, who are not taxed for a real Estate to Value, or fora personal

Estate of Value.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another CJaule was offered, to be added to the Bill, will purchase the fame, w ithout an Act of Parliament, that only the particular Places, discharged by the Barons for corroborating tf.eir Title: And praying, that Leave of the Exchequer, Ihould have the Benefit thereof, may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said And the same was twice read, and amended j and, Estate, for Payment of the Mortgage-money due there- upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the upon. House, to be made Part of the Bill,

Vo 1. 16. Ordered,

That the Equity of Redemption of the said Prc miles is corrc unto Douglas Ludlow, Sificr of the said Earl, Francis Cuf, and James; against

whom the Petitioners have preferred their Bill in Chancery, to compel them to redeem, or be foreclosed; and the Court decreed them to pay £. 5,558. 5I at a Day long since pad, which they have not paid, and is more than the Premi'cs are worth, to be loid, which yearly decrcafl in the Value; and yet the said Ludlow Cuff, and Mac artney, oppose the Sale, and no Person

Goc

Great

Bedwyn

Election.

Answer to Address.

Abuses in muttering Troops.

Supply.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That ‘Tracey Pauncefor Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Great Bedwyn, in the County of

Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that an Account may be laid before this House, of the first Mutters of the British Forces at the Beginning of the last Campaign, andallb of the Mutters last returned; her Majesty had been pjeased to give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed of some ill Practices, in muttering some of her Majesty’s Forces;

Ordered, That Cefar Willis, Constable cf Colebroke, do attend this House Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 16° die Decembris; Anno 70 Annae Reginae, 1708. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that one Mr.

from the Commissary of the Mutters, attended, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Abstract of the Mutters of the British Forces at the Beginning of the last Campaign, as also of the last Muster returned.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

HORSE, DRAGOONS, and F O O T, in South and North Britain,

The first MUSTER.

Commission and Non-commifiSon Officers all complete.

First Troop of Horse Guards -2d Troop of Horse Guards 3d Troop of Horse Guards -

4th Troop of Horse Guards -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards ad Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Horse Guards -Major-general Carpenter's,?

Earl of Ego? { Dn, S°°n5

Two Battalions of 1 ft Regiment of Guards One Battalion of *d Regiment of Guards -Lieutenant General Erie -Sir Tho. Pendergajl -

Brigadier Livcfay -

Colonel Johnson....

Major General Farrington - -

Colonel Hans Hamilton -

Colonel Dormer -

Colonel Moor -

Colonel Caulfield - - .

Colonel Townshend

Brigadier Wynn

Brigadier Mc Cariney -

Colonel Hill -

Lord Strathnaver....

Colonel Grant -

Lord Montjoy -

Major General Gorge -Lord Mark Kerr -Brigadier Whiteman's -

Colonel Bowles -

Royal Regiment Fufileers,1 Raif but not com Earl of Portmore's, > lc"d<

Lieutenant General Stuart, J "

Lord Carmichael!s, 1 Dragoons jn North Britain.

Lord Pollworth's, J

Foot Guards ? v t j;ttn

Major General Maitland's \

160

160

160

160

*45

145

295

*5°

i?o

1,115

907

621

544

421

606

57*

558

498

5*°

4*7

497

524

430

624

297

*95

540

551

502

551

271

*34

146

650

226

The last MUSTER.

Commission and Non-commission Officers all complete.

*45

>45

340

3°3

28 5

1,115

907

650

576

478

54*

498

52a

548

549

540

53°

495

506

624

53°

5°7

337

353

419

44*

407

298 242 972

53°

Horse,

Army

Aliment.

7 Ann

16° Decembris-

Horle, Dragoons, and Foot, in , Spain, and Portugal.

Lieutenant General Lumly’s Lieutenant Genera] s Major Genera] Palmes Major General Harvey Major General Cadogan’s Duke Schonberg’s Lord Raby -Earl of Staire’s

Lieutenant General Ro/s Brigadier Pepper Count Naffaw -

Count GufcartTs One Battalion of Guards Earl of Orkney Duke df Arguyle Major General Webb Lord. North and Grey Major General How Colonel Godfrey Lieutenant General Ingold/by Colonel Lalo ... Brigadier Sabine -

Colonel Primrose

Dragoons.

Colonel Preston

Earl of Orrery Sir Richard Temple- -Major General Meredith Colonel Southwell -Colonel Elliot Colonel Pearce Earl of Barrimore -Colonel Newton Lord Mordaunt Colonel Wade Brigadier Sankey

Lord Paston -

Marquis Montand

Colonel Wat kins -

Sir Cha. Hotham Colonel Stanwix Colonel Du Magney Colonel Sybourg Colonel BloJJet

Foot.

Memorandum: All the above-mentioned Regiments in Flanders, Spain, and Portugal, are mustered complete. The last Return from Flanders is to the 24th of June 1708.

The last Return from Spain is to the 24th April 1708.

And the last Return from Portugal, is to June, August, and October 1708. December 15th, 170 8.

Ed© u raging tl* Fishery.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Encouragement of the Fishery; and that Sir Samuel

the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Twenty

Maclean, Mr. Ogilvy, Lord IVm. Powlet. Sit David Dal- thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, as her Pro

rintple, Mr. Moor, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Grant, Mr. Duff, and Mr. Farrer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A bifes in watering Tuops.

portion for augmenting the Troops, which are to act in Conjunction with her Allies in Flanders, for the Service of the Year 1709.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding

Cafar JVillis, Constable of Colebrook, attending (according to Order) was called in, and at the Bar examined, touching the ill Practice in a Muster, which the House Two hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted was Yesterday informed of to her Majesty, as her Proportion for augmenting the

And the Matter relating to the Troop of Captain Troops which are to act in Conjunction with her Allies

in Flanders, for the Service of the Year 1709.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to the hear- Wdhninster ing the Merits of the Election for the City of on"

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, for the said City, was read.

And after the Counsel on both Sides were heard, and

n>e House nterpose to went a iaarrel.

fVroth;and he attending;

He, and Cafar Willis, were called in.

And in the Examination of the said Matter, several Persons being named who were not present;

Resolved, That the House do, upon Tuesday Morning

next, proceed in the further hearing the Matter of the said Information.

Ordered, That the said Cafar Willis, John Willson, the Deputy Commissary, and the Cornet of Captain Wroth’s several Witnesses examined, in relation to the Proceedings Troop, do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning of Mr. John Huggins, the High Bailiff of Westminster, who next. presided at the said Election; the Counsel withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Clithero do attend this House upon Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

Tuesday Morning next. And they were brought in accordingly.

And the said Captain Wroth, and Willis the Constable, And a Motion being made, and the Question being were called in again, and acquainted, that the House had put. That Mr. John Huggins, High Bailiffof Westminster, appointed to proceed further in the hearing of the Matter at the late Election of Citizens, to serve in this present of the Information on Tuesday next; and that, if there Parliament for the City of Westminster, has, in Defiance were any other Persons necessary for either of them to of the Law, arbitrarily and illegally refused to tender the attend, they might have Orders for them. Oath of Abjuration, when required so to do, and thereby

And then they withdrew. is guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanour;

The House taking Notice of some Words of Heat, ^oufe divided

which had passed between Mr. Hampden and Mr. Walpole:

Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, required them to stand up in their Places, and give their Words and Honours, not to prosecute what had happened.

And they did so.

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yea, 'Lord Wm-

j'«5-

Supply.

\Sir Wm. Strickland:

Teller, for, he Noes, j \

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the put. That the said Mr. Huggins, for his said Offence, be Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred committed to her Majesty’s Prison of;

to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, The House divided:

the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to The Yeas go forth:

Vo 1. 16. N Tellers

1t

e

Woollen Manufac* tures, &c-

Dagenham

Breach.

Election

Petitions.

16* — 17* — 18° ’ Decembris.

At 1708.

Tellra fyr the } t$S

TellersftrtheNo W

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Merits of the said Election be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 70 die Decembris;

Anno 7* Anns Regin*, 1708.

Prayers.

A P ETI TI ON of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures in and about the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Trade in the Woollen Manufactures is greatly decayed, by reason of the Exportation of our Wool } whereby Foreigners set up Manufactories of their own, whoused to be supplied by the Petitioners: And praying the House to consider of some Law, that may more effectually hinder this evil Practice, than the Law's now in being.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement cf those who are Manufacturers of the Woollen, Iron, and Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the more easy Recovery of Wages, due for the working up the said Manufactures, and to Day-labourers, is committed.

A Petition of the Owners of the Marsh Grounds in the Levels of Havering and Dag in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an extraordinary Spring Tide 1707, a Breach was made in their Marsh-walls, adjoining to the River of Thames, whereby above 1,000 Acres of Land in the said Level were overflowed, and have ever since continued so, although the Petitioners have been at great Expence to regain the fame; and the great Quantity of Ground, which is fallen into the said Riyer, hath raised a great Part of the Channel, which is likely to obstruct the Navigation thereof; and there is no Likelihood of recovering the said drowned Lands, without a far greater Charge upon the Petitioner* Lands in the said Level, which already is taxed by the Commissioners of Sewers at £ 5. 1 or. per Acre, for repairing the said Breach; and, although they make no Profit of the drowned Lands, they pay the Land Tax at the Rack Rent, as assessed before the Inundation: And praying, that the House will take their deplorable same into Consideration, and grant them Relief therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to examine the Matter of the said Petition, and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Farter, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Montague, Mr. Cccill, Mr.

Mr. Brewer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Rice, Mr. Owen, Mr. , Mr.

Johnson; and all, that serve for the City of London, and Counties of Kent and EJex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, Thai: this House will not hear any more Petitions now before them, relating to Elections, before the intended Recess, except those relating to the Elections for the City of Westminster, and Borough of fVhitcbureh in the County of Southampton.

Ah ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, Supply Bill; to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, was n ax'

the Third time.

And several Amendments wereproposed to be 1 made therein; visa.

To insert the Name of Mr, Rickard BBtddwiek aroongst the Commissioners for the Isle of Ely; and also to insert the Name of Sir Ambrose Crowley amongst the Commissioners for the County of Kent.

And the same (being both Mifoomers in the former Act) were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Names infejted at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1709.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Recruiting ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole LandFyrc*. House, to consider of Methods for the effectual recruiting the Land Forces, and the Marines.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 18° die Decembris;

Anno 70 Ann* Regin*, 1708.

Prayers.

S\RDERED, That Mr. Rice have Leave to go into Leaveof the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions, for Two Abf*,ice-Months. <v*

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and others, Woollen concerned in the Woollen Manufactory in and about the Manufac-Towns of Hallifaxand IVakefield ',in the County of York, tures’&c’

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that great Quantities of Wool are exported to France, and other foreign Parts, whereby Foreigners are enabled to set up Manufactories, to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and the Decay of Trade: And praying, that some effectual Law may be made for preventing the growing Mif-chiefs, and Recovery of the decaying State of the Woollen Manufactory.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for- the Encouragement of those, who are Manufacturers of the Woollen, Iron, and Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the more easy Recovery of Wages, due for the working up the said Manufactures, and to Day-labourers, is committed.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday, Call of the the Eleventh Day of January next; and that such Mem- House, bers as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Rfolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Ad- Allies pro-drets be presented to her Majesty, that (be will be pleased Portl<*1 ot to use her utmost Endeavours with her Allies, to engage torca-them to furnish their Proportion towards the Augmentation of the Forces for the Serviceof the Year 1709.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council,

Ordered, That the Members who are appointed to pre- Encouraging pare, and bring in, a Bill for encouraging the Fishery, the Fishery. that they do prepare a Bill, or Bills; and that Sir Gilbert Heatkcott, Mr. Ball, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Ferrier, Mr.

Gourdon, and Mr. Pringle, be added to them.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors, under dose Confinement in her Majesty’s Prison of was presented

Ann.

18° — -20° Decembris,

51

>p1vj ‘

to the House, and read; fitting forth, that great That the Deputy Commissary General -

Numbers of poor decayed Freemen, and Widows of s Clerk, do attend this House Tomorrow Mornings London, have, through great Misfortunes in Trade, with the Paper Muster-roll of Captain Wroth'% Troop endured a miserable Imprisonment for many Years, and for the Months of March and last.

have not wherewithal to pay the lead part of their Debts;

yet their unchristian Creditors refute to let them have A Bill for making the River Kennet navigable from their liberty, wherebythey might, by theirhonestlndustry, Reading to , in the County of Berks, was read a

be able to provide for themselves, and their begging Fa- Second time.

milies: And praying, that their deplorable Condition hat the Bill be committed to the Lord Wm.

may be taken into Consideration, and that such insolvent Mr. , Mr. Nevt/l, Mr. Mr.

Debtors may enjoy their Liberty, upon such Terms, as , Mr. Sir W*1-

Keonet

Navigation.

shall be most agreeable to the House.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Harwich

Election.

ter Yonge, Mr. Compton, Mr. Praed, Sir Lambert Blackwell, Lord Coningsby, Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. -ney, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Mr. Moun-

tain, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Foley, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Worthy, Mr. Ellis, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Winningion, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Robert Corbett, Sir Tho. Willoughby, Sir Edmund and

all that feive for the Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all private Bills, to be brought into this private Bills House, be primed; and that they be presented to the tobe printed. House before the First: Reading of such Bills.

Harwich

Election.

H. Sti/Tord’s Date.

Westminster

Election.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Dava/l, Knight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Vacancy of a Member, to serve in Parliament

for the Borough of Harwich, in Essex, the Petitioner, and

Kendrick Edisbury, Esquire, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner had 16 undisputable Votes, and Mr. Edisbury had only 15; but John Phillipson, Gentleman, the Mayor,

(who is Brother-in-law to Mr. Edisbury) pretended to vote for him, and thereby to make an Equality; whereas he ought not to vote, but where the Numbers are equal; and several other indirect Practices were used, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice; and a double Return is made of the Petitioner, and Mr. Edisbury; And praying such

Relief in the Premises, as shall be agreeable to Justice. A Petition of Kendrick Edisbury, Esquire, was pre-Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and footed to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the double Return, be heard* upon Thursday, the Thirteenth fort Election ofa Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for Day of January next. the Borough of Harwich, in Essex, in the room of Sir

John Leak, the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Sir Tho. Davall (who also flood a Candidate) and his Agents, uled many indirect Pradiccs, and Phillipson, Mayor of the said Borough, hath made a double Return of the Petitioner, and Sir Tho. Davall, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and double Return, be heard upon he 13th Day of

Janu next, when the Petition of Sir The House (according to Order) proceeded in the presented to the House on Saturday last, is to be heard, further hearing of the Merits of the Election for the City

of Westminster. , That Sir David Mr. Gourdon, Embezze-

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in; and, and Mr. Bay/y, and Mr. be added to the Gen-

after they had been heard, and several Witnesses examined, tlemcn, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in Good* they withdrew. the Bill to prevent the Embezzlements of Goods and

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Merchandize, call away upon, or near, the Coast of Great put, that Thomas Medlycott, Esquire, is duly elected a Britain.

Mr. Gwyn (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for vesting in Trustees the Reveifion of several lands and Tenements, expedant on Lenfcs for Lives, the Eftafe of Hugh Stafford, of Pyncs in the County of Devon, Esquire, to be loid, for Payment of Debts; and, by discharging his Power of leafing, to secure other Lands, to come into Possession, to his Son, in lieu thereof; and the same was received.

Citizen, to lerve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster',

The House divided:

The Noes go forth

TCKrs for the T }

Tellers for the }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

154.

142.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 20* die Decembris;

Anno 7* Annas Regina, 170

Stafford’* Estate.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday, the improving 15th Day of January next, relblve itself intoa Committee ‘be Union, of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of the Speech of the Lords Commissioners, for opening, and holding, this present Parliament, which relates to the further Improvement of the Union.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Recruiting a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ale- Land Force*-thods for the effectual recruiting the Land Forces, and the Marines. v Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair* of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him tomove, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Methods for the effectual

Praters.

AB IL L for vesting in Trustees the Reversion of several Lands and Tenements, expedant on Leases _____?

for Lives, the Estate of Hugh Stafford, of Pynes, in the recruiting the Land Forces, and the Marines. County of Devon, Esquire, to be sold for Payment of Debts; and, by discharging his Power of Leafing, to secure other Lands, to come into Possession, to his Sonin lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Yol. 16.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Leave of Absence.

Members

Letters.

Debtors Petition.

Answer to Addrefe.

Whitchurch

Election.

ai° — aac Decembris. 1708.

Martisj 21° di;

Anno 7* Ann® Regin®, 1708.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Thomas Esquire, have

Leave to go into the Country for Five W eeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That no Letters be delivered out by the Poll-man attending this House, until the rising of the House.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in her Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, on behalf of themselves, and other poor Debtors in the several Prisons in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, that by an Act, made in the first Parliament of his late Majesty King William, in , Sessions

the Sixth, for Relief of poor Debtors, it was enacted, that such poor Prisoners for Debt, as then were, or should be, in Prison, upon Complaint to the Magistrate for Want of Maintenance, the Creditor, or Creditors, of such poor Prisoners is to find him the fame, but, in Default thereof, the said Magistrate is empowered to set such poor Prisoner at large: That the Petitioners, who are many Thousands, are reduced to a starving Condition, and divers of their Families kept by their respective Parishes: And praying, that they may have the like Law, as in Scotland, or be otherwise relieved, by their serving in the Fleet, or Army, or finding a fit Person to serve for them.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton:

Resolved, That Thomas Lewis, Esquire, is not duly defied a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Whitchurch

Resolved, That Richard W, Esquire, is duly

defied a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Whitchurch.

Resolved, That George Bridges, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Whitchurch.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the said Borough of Whitchurch, by rating out the Names of the said Frederick Tilney, Esquire, and Thomas,

Esquire, and to inlert the Names of the said Richard Wollaston, Esquire, and George Bridges, Esquire, instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2 2° die Decembris \

Anno 7* Ann® Regin:*, 1708.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according Whitchurch to Order) amended the Return for the Borough Retu , of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton. anien e '

Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That Ike would be pleased to use her utmost Endeavours with her Allies, to engage them to furnish their Proportions towards the Augmentation of the Forces for the Service of the Year 1709; her Majesty had been pleased to answer. That Ihe would use her utmost Endeavours, pursuant to the said Address.

The House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton. ’

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, for the said Borough, was read.

And after the Counsel had been heard, and several Witnesses examined, on the Part of the Petitioners, they withdrew.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were called in again, and heard; and some Witnesses examined: And then the Counsel withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the House do now adjourn;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, }

Tellers for the Noes. Pm""’ >95-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, is in the Freeholders only of Lands, or Tenements, in Right of themselves, or their Wives, not split since the Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King

And the Counsel being called in again, Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the fitting Members were heard, and divers Witnesses examined on their Parts:

And, being withdrawn;

Resolved, That Frederick Tilney, Esquire, is not duly

Ordered, That Sir JuJlinian Isham have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence-cations.

A Petition of the Right honourable Other Earl of PH- Earj of mouth, and Elizabeth Countess, his Wife, was presented PUmouth’e to the House, and read; setting forth, that Thomas, late Estate. Earl of Plimouth, deceased, the Petitioner’s Grandfather, died about 1687, indebted to several Persons, by Mortgage upon his Estates in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, about £.24,000, whereby the Equity of Redemption came to the Petitioner, as only Son, and Heir, of Other late Lord Windsor, his Son (the Petitioner being then an Infant, about Eight Years old) and the said Estate entailed by several Settlements: That, during the Petitioner’s Minority, his Trustees paid off £. 6,000, Part of the said £. 24,000, and since that, the Petitioner has paid off^.3,5°o more, but is thereby become indebted £2,000.

That, on a Treaty of Marriage between the Petitioners, it was agreed, and thought moll convenient by both their Friends, to preserve the Petitioner’s paternal Estate, and fell the Estate, that came to him upon his Mother’s’

Decease, to pay off the said Mortgages: That in April 1705, the Petitioner made a Settlement of his Estates in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, for railing £. 1,200 a Year Jointure for his Wife, Daughters Portions, and settling the Remainder in Tail Male; with a Power to John Lane, Esquire; and Tho. Price, Clerk, to

have the next Crop of all the Coppices thereon, and with the Money, arising by Sale, to purchase Lands, to be settled to the same Uses: That by Indentures, of the same Date, the Petitioner the Countess did grant all her Estate in the Counties of Flint and Cheshire (subject to pay £. 900 per Annum to Etiz. Whitley, her Mother, for her jointure) to the Use of the Petitioners, for their Lives,

Remainder in Tail Male, Remainder to the Countess in Tail, with Remainders over; wherein there is no Power reserved, for the Petitioners to lease such Estates, as have been usually leased; which is a great Detriment to them:

That the said Petitioner the Countess’s Grandfather, deceased, did grant divers Leases of the said Cheshire Estate, who being only Tenant for Life, the Leases by his Death became void; whereby several Suits arose; but, by the Mediations of Friends, the Petitioners have by Articles

agreed

ft*

b'L

tart

h

7 Ann. 42® — 23 D.53

agreed to execute new Leases, under the same Rents, and Services, and to procure an Act of Parliament, to confirm them: That by Articles, dated the 91b of April last, the Taid Etiz. Whitley did agree, that an Act of Parliament ifcould be procured, for granting Leases of the Chtjhiri Ellate, as ufoally, and to discharge the Coppice Woods of the Trull to Lane and Price aforesaid; and that the Petitioner’s Estate, which came to him by his Mother, cannot be Ibid.without an Act of Parliament, by reason of the several Entails thereupon, the Petitioners having one Son, about Two Tears of Age: They therefore pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to veil the Ellate, which came to the said Earl by his Mother, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money, to pay off the Mortgages, charged upon his paternal Ellate, and that he may have a Power to cut Coppices, and grant Leases of the Petitioners Flintshire and Estates.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition} and that Sir John Packing!on, Mr. Freeman, Sir Reger Mostyn, and Sir John Conway, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Iforifon’* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

llavw. fI c repairing and improving the Harbour of

Haven, in the Shire of Lothian, in North Britain; and that Mr. Morijon, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

Kemet A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, ind K»Tigatum. other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Reading, was presented to the House, and read; letting lorth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for making the River Kemet navigable from Reading to , in the County of Perks, which the Petitioners hope to prove will be prejudicial to Trade, to the Poor, and other Purposes, suggested by the said Bill: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the lame, before it pals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed } and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee, if they think fit.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Burgesses, with otherthechicf Inhabitants, of the Borough and Hundred of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for making the River Rennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks: That the Petitioners believe, the same will be of general Advantage to those Pa ts, in conveying to and from London Malt, Corn, Woollen Manufactures, Oils, Dying Stuffs, and other weighty Commodities, much cheaper, than now; and it will conduce very much to the Preservation of the Highways, and Advancement of Trade t And praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Con-fidenation of the said Committee.

wall:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Resolved, Netnihe contraaicente. That an humble Ad- Designed

drels be presented to her Majesty, That Ihe will please to Invasion of ive Order, that there may be laid before this House, a ^cot tale of the whole Matter of the designed Invasion of North Britain, and what Proceedings have been thereupon, and the Proceedings against the late Lord Griffin, and others, taken in open Rebellion, in the said Invasion, with the Pretender; and also an Account of the Natnei of all those, that were taken up on Suspicion, and the Proceedings thereupon; and in what Posture of Defence the Cadies of Edinburgh, Dunbarton, and Sterling, and Garrison of Inverlocky, were at that Time, and now are.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That William Harris, Esquire, have Leave to Leave of go into the Countiy, for Recovery of his Health. Abieiic#<

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Recruiting Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Land Lorres. Methods for the effectual recruiting the Land Forces, and the Marines.-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2 30 die D

Anno 7* Anna? Reginse, 1708.

PkATERS.

MR. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that

their Address having been presented to her Ma- Addrei. jetty, That Ihe will be plealed to give Order, that there may be laid before this House, a State of the whole Matter of the designed Invasion of North Britain, and what Proceedings have been thereupon, and the Proceedings against the late Lord Griffin, and others, taken in open Rebellion, in the said Invasion, with the Preten er; and also an Account of the Names of all those, that were taken up on Suspicion, and the Proceedings thereupon; and in what Poliure of Defence the Castles of Edinburgh,

Dunbarton, and Sterling, and Garrison of Inverlocky, were at that Time, and now are; her Majesty had been pleated to give Directions, that all those Things should be laid before the House.

H. Stafford's A Bill for vesting in Trullees the Reversion of several Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Privileges of Liute. Lairds and Tenements, expectant on Leases for Lives, preserving the Privileges of Ambassadors, and other Mi- Awbaflador*. the Estate of Hugh Stafford, of Pynes, in the County of niflers, of foreign Princes and States} and that Mr 5e-Devon, Esquire, to be sold, for Payment of Debts; and, cretary Boyle, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord by discharging his Power of leafing, to secure other William Powlett, Mr. Solicitor-general} Sir Jof. Jekyll,

Lands to come into Possession, to his Son, in lieu there- Mr. Peyton, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, of; was read a Second time. the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Annesley, Sir Nick. Morrice, Mr. Mason, Mr. Ball, Mr. A Petition of Nathaniel Gould, Esquire, was presented nw Shore. Deckmtnique, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Morijon, Sir John Cope, to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the lall ham Llec- Mr. Denton, Mr. AJontgomery, Mr. Bailie, Mr. Topham, Election of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the tlon- Mr. Gourdon, Colonel Moreton, Sir Fra. Majlium, Mr. Borough of New Shoreham, in Suffix, in the room of

Rudge, Mr. Duv.comb, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Wm. Stack- th Esquire, Esquire, and the land. Sir John Holland, Mr. Harris, Mr. Peyton, Sir Petitioner, flood Candidates: That, Five Days before Robert Eden, Mr. Shcrrard, Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Dolben, the Election, the said Mr. Page, and above 30 Strangers,

Mr. Foot, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Chancellor of Ex- came to the said Borough, and [pent great Sums of chequer, Mr. Shacker/y, Sir Wm. St. Quin/in, Colonel Money upon the Electors, in contempt of the Laws Grahme-, and all for the Counties of Devon and Corn- about £Ieftions}and by other illegal Practices Mr. Page Vo L. 16. O' procured

54 230 Decembris. — 10° Januarii. 1708.

procured himself elected a Burgess for the said Borough, in prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and Return, be beard upon Tuesday, the 3d Day of May next.

fUt* Ordered, That Charles Harris, of the Borough of lon' Jves, in the County of Cornwall, Merchant, and James Tregeare, of the same Borough, Gentleman, on behalf of themselves, and others, the Electors and Burgesses of the said Borough of St. Ives, have Leave to withdraw their Petition, touching the Election for the said Borough.

Leave of Ordered, That Colonel Morgan have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act LaodTax. ’ for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britafor the Service of the Year 1709, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Recruiting Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from* the Land Forces. Committee of the whole House, who was to consider of Methods for the effectual recruiting the Land Forces, and the Marines, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the speedy and effectual recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, Encouragement be given to the several Parishes of this Kingdom, for raising a sufficient Number of Men for the Service of the Year 1709.

' The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, for the speedy and effectual recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, Encouragement be given to the several Parishes of this Kingdom, for raising a sufficient Number of Men for the Service of the Year 1709.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Compton, Lord Coningsby, Lord fVm. Rowlett, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. , Sir

Peter King, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Lowndes, Sir David Dalrimple, Colonel Douglas, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Grant, Mr. Irjkyn, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Gale, Mr. Topham, Mr. Francis Duncomb, and Sir John , do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

Address on

taking of Ghent.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Powis, and Mr. Justice Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed upon an Address, to be presented to her Majesty; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Address was read, and is as followeth;

the Duke of Marlborough, to shew his consummate Ability, and all the great Qualities, necessary for lb high a Trust; whereby, in conjunction with the renowned Prince Eugene of Savoy, such considerable Progress has been made, and your Conquests so far advanced, that we have reason to hope, the Enemy, in spite of all their Presumption, will soon find themselves under an absolute Necessity of submitting to a safe and honourable Peace.

The said Address was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with the Words " and Commons."

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address, so amended, to be presented to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Earl of Hertford do go to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this Houth hath agreed to the said Address.

The Earl of Hertford reported, that he had (according to Order) been at the Lords, and acquainted them, that this House hath agreed to the said Address; and left the same with their Lordships.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Travell have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Queen House, that her Majesty has appointed Six a Clock, this appoints to Evening, to beattended with the Address of both Houses; be atleIlde and that, in respect of her Majesty’sprefc-ntCircumstances, their Lordships have ordered the Lord Chancellor only to attend her Majesty at that Time, on the Part of that House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker only do attend her Majesty at that Time, on the Part of this House.

A Message by Mr. /iston. Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen hath granted a Commission under the great R<n-«l AfT. nt Seal, for passing the Royal Assent to a Bill, which hath 10 a been agreed to by both Houses of Parliament; and the Lords, commissioned by the Queen, desire, that this House would presently come up, with their Speaker, to the House of Peers, to be present at the parting thereof.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the Lords, commissioned by her Majesty, had given the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1709.

And then the House adjourned till Nine a Clock on Monday, the Tenth Day of January next.

Lume, 10° die Januarii;

Die JM, z3- Vccmbrh, 1708. Anno /Anna Regin*, 1708.

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, Prayers. the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament ffRDERE That Doctor be desired to preach Dr. Pelling assembled, do most humbly congratulate your Ma- Gf before this House at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon to Preach jesty upon the Reduction of Ghent, the last great Effort the 31st Day of January instant; and that Mr. Bromley, 3 of this glorious Year; a Year, that will be ever Mr. Ward, and Sir Thomas Hanmer, do acquaint him famous in History, as well for the intire Disappomt- therewith, ment of all the Attempts and Hopes of your Enemies,

as for the many wonderful Successes, with which God Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*,

has blessed the Arms of your Majesty, and your Allies.

The unusual Length of the Campaign, the Variety of Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Weymouth Events, and the Difficulty and Importance of the Actions, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, have given many Opportunities to your Majesty’s General, electing a BurgeCs to lerve in this present Parliament for 30 the

4

IVjti.

"Vi

-'I

' (

e

t

0 ti

ir

1 11 t(

P'

(I:

7 Ann. i o° — i i

the Borough of Weymouin the County of Derfet, in the room of the honourable Henry Thynn, Esquire, dc-ccaffrd.

' iicheOtr ' Ordered, TTi.it William Bellamy Esquire, have Leave iJedion. to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Smer/et.

Revenue* of Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, Ah Abstract 6( the Crown, the Accounts of the Revenues of the Crown, Taxes, and luxes, Lc. Moneys borrowed, for one intire Year, to wit, from

Michaelmas, 1707, to , 1708.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said A bit rad do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Abstract is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Bfo.'ved, That this House will, upon Widtiefday Morn- Vfayiand ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Aieaus-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon every , Supply.

IVidnesday, and Friday, resolve itself into a Committee of

the whole House, upon the Matter of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Compton ptefen’ted to the House (according to Or- Recruiting der) a Bill for the speedy and effectual recruiting her Cand Forces Majesty s Land Forces, and Marines and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered \That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

j Answer to Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that, pursuant to Aduret-. their Older, he did upon , the 23d Day of

I cember last, attend her Majesty on the Part of this House,

! and, with the Lord Chancellor, presented to her Majesty the Address of both Houses; and that her Majesty 1 . was pica led to give this most gracious Anl’wer:

I give you many Thinks for your Address; and am extremely fenlible of the Loyalty and Affection of both Houses of Parliament, upon all Occasions.

Naval Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy go lay E*pence*. before this House, an Account of the particular Expences for the Ordinary of the Navy since the Year 1703.

WoollfiiMs- Mr. Mount ague reported from the Committee, to naiadure* whom the Bill for the Encouragement of those who are a Manufacturers of the Woollen, Iron, and Linen, Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the more caly Recovery of Wages, due for the working up the said Manu-fattures, and to Day-labourers, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Persons should make Proof, where they had Wool, found with them.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Questi< n put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Wroblev -A Petition of several Burgesses and Voters of the an-iMioti. cient Borough of JVcobley, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that a Writ issuing, for the electing a Burgess to Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of Henry Thyn, Esquire, who had chole to serve for where he was aWb

eledh-d, Mr. Wm. Badham, Under-sheriff of the said County, did on Friday, the 1 oth Day of December last, between 11 and 12 a Clock at Night, affix a Precept to one of the Polls of the Market-house of the said Borough, to proceed to an Eleiflion on the Monday following; and accordingly did on Monday, in the Morning, proceed, and in half an Hour unduly elected Henry Gorge, Esquire, who, the Petitioners hope to prove, prevailed on the said Under-sheriff, by Bribery, and large Promises, to use those unlawful Proceedings, to the Prejudice of the f ee Electors, and other Candidates, for the said Borough: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard upon Thursday, the Filth Day of May next.

Vol. 16.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Punching prevent Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay- Mutiny and ment of Quarters; and that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. *ertion’ Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lowndes, and the Lord Conittgsby, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That B.ichard Vaughan, Esquire, have Leave Leave of

to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Afar/ss, 110 die Januarii j

Anno 7* Annae Reginae, 1708.

Prayers.

MR. Morifon presented to the House (according to Morifon'* Order J a Bill for repairing and improving the 1Iavcn* Harbour of Morifon's Haven, and the Fort there, in the

Shire of East Lothian; and for amending, and keeping in repair, the Highways, leading to the said Harbour; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Town Clerk, Boston Common Council, Vicar, Churchwardens, Gentlemen, Church, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that their Parish Church is an ancient and large Fabrick, wdiofe Tower is very and is a uftfol Sea-mark, and requires a great yearly Sum, to keep it in repair, and Handing within 16 Yards of the Haven, the Parishioners (to preserv the Foundation thereof) are obliged to maintain a Bank, about 20 Foot deep, and 300 Foot long, to keep off a violent ebbing and flowing Water: That the Method of railing Money for those Repairs, and others, common to all Churches, has been by aftelfing the Inhabitants according to the respective Seats they fit in; but this Method, having been about Six Years since contested, was adjudged unwarrantable in the Court of Delegates, though the Parish had before prevailed in Two inferior ecclesiastical Courts; and the Parish fearing, Suits will be commenced, if they /hould aflels after the said usual Manner (though they are desirous, that a Law may be made for the more effectual laying, and colletfting the said Assessment, the Church now wanting great Repairs) they pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling them to make Assessments, for repairing, and keeping in repair, the said Church of Boston, and the Bank, adjoining to the Haven there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wynn, the Lord Willoughby, Colonel Whitchcot, and Sir Thomas Parker do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered,

i I. — i z° Jantiarii.

A 1708

t«ave of

Absence.

Ordered, That Captain have Leave to go into the Country fora Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

etit^n . A Petition of1 Boston, in the county of 1 Lincoln, was withdrawn. Pre^entec^ to lhe House, and read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Whitby

Harbour.

Call of tho House.

Stirling

Election.

Brndfhaigh'i

Estate.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners and Matters of Ships, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Whitby, in the County of York, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, that in the Year 1702 an Act of Parliament patted, for repairing the Harbour of Whitby, and building and repairing the Piers there; for which Purpose several Duties were thereby laid, forraifing a Sum, not exceeding £.6,000 and to continue for Nine Years, if the Work were not finished before: That all the Money, raised by the said Act from the First of , 1702, to the First of May, 1708, being Six Years, amounts but to £. 1,940. 17 s. 4 d.and the Disbursements, already laid out, amount to £. 2,530. 5 s, 5} d. and the Piers are half finished, and the said Two Years to come, next May, will do very little more, than reimburse the Money advanced: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act for repairing the said Harbour, and Piers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-ebrding to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Wm. Strickland, the Lord William Powlet, Mr. ley, and Sir Jo/. Jekyll, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Orders the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until Thursday come-seven-night.

1

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the heating of the Merits of the double Return of Sir Hugh Paterfone, Baronet, and Henry Cunningham, Esquire, lor the Shire of Sterling, and also the Merits of the said Election.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petitions, relating to the said Return, and Election, were read, and also the Return.

And the Counsel were heard, as to the Matter of the Return:

And being withdrawn;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Henry Cunningham, Esquire, is duly returned a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Sterling.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and they were acquainted with the said Resolution.

After which they were heard, touching the Merits of the Election:

And being withdrawn;

Resolved, That Henry Cunningham, Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Sterling.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Shire of Sterling, by raising the reout that Part, which relates to Sir Hugh Paterfone, Baronet.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow 1 . Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 120 die Januariiy Anno 7° Annas Reginae, 1708.

Prayers.

AP ETITION of Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Baronet, tyas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that ’ the Petitioner’s Father, being possessed of several Cannel and Coal Mines, and Tenements, in the Lordship of Haigh, and Borough of Wigan, in L by several Conveyances charged the same with the Payment of £. 5,000

Debts, and to raise£. 500 a*piece for his Three younger Sons: That the Petitioner hath paid several of the said Debts, and also £.500a-piece to Two-of his Brothers; but;f'5ooto his youngest Brother, and other of the Debts, amounting to about £.1,200 ft ill remain aCharge upon the Premises: That the late Viscountess Bayning (who was one of the Four Aunts, and Coheirs, of the late Ann Countels of Oxford, deceased) settled one Fourth Part of the said Countess of Oxford’s, Estate in the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Gloueej,\er, Kent, Surrey, Hertford, and City of Lon-

don, upon Trustees, that they (after the Death of the'late Earl of Oxford) should, out of a Moiety thereof, raise £. 2,000 for such Daughter, as should be begotten by the Petitioner’s Father on Mary, the Petitioner’s Mother, and the Surplus of that Moiety to go to the sole Use of the said Mary; and that the other Moiety should be to the Use of the Petitioner’s Father and Mother, during their joint Lives, and to the Survivor of them, with Remainder to their First and other Sons, in Tail Male (the Petitioner being the First Son) with Remainders over: That, the Petitioner’s Father left only one Daughter, who is married to Job Yates, Esquire; who prefies for Payment of the said £. 2,000. That the Petitioner’s Mother hath agreed to take £.300 for her Surplus of the first Moiety aforesaid, and hath settled the other Moiety (in which she had an Estate for Life) on the Petitioner, aiul his Heirs;

That, upon the Petitioner’s Marriage with Rachel, a Daughter of the late Sir John Guise, deceased, settled

(interalia) not only the said Cannel Mines, and Tenancies, in Lancashire, but also the said Moiety of the Countess of Oxford's, Estate, and charged the same with the Payment of £. 600 per Annum Jointure for his Wife, with several other Charges for Children; but the said Lancashire Estate remains charged with the Petitioner's Father’s said Debts, and Brother’s Portion of£.500 which will take place, and postpone the £. 600 Jointure, and other the Charges for the Petitioner’s younger Children: And praying that I^ave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in Trustees the said 4th Part of a 4th Part of the said lateCountess of Oxon's Estate, to be sold, for paying£.2,000 for the Petitioner's Sifter’s Portion, and £. 300 to his Mother, and his Brother Portion, and Father’s Debts, charged upon his Lancashire Estate, so that the same may be dilincumbered thereof, and with the Remainder of the Money, arising by such Sale,’ to purchase other Lands in the County of Lancaster, to be settled to the same Uses, as the Lancashire Estates are, by his Marriage Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purr suant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Shackerly, Mr. Eger ton. Sir John Guise, and Sir Gilbert Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Edward Sainthill, of , late Y&rtf*

ward Yard, of Yreijlere, in the County of Devon, Esquire, Name, was presented to the House, and read 1 setting forth, that Samuel Sainthill, Esquire, deceased, did, by his last Will, devise all his Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in Devon, or elsewhere, unto the Petitioner, for 99 Tears, and afterwards to his Firl^ and other Sons, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over, provided the Petitioner should (and did) immediately after his Death, take upon himself the Surname of Sainthill only, and use his utmost Endeavours to get an Act of Parliament for that Purpose . And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for changing his Name from Yard to Sainthill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr,

Gwyn, Mr. Gape, Sir Peter King, Sir Wm. Drake, and Sir Walter Ymge, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this Harwich House Tomorrow Morning, with the double Return for Return, the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Edward Pauncefort, Esquire, have Malmftrory Leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election Election, for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts.

The

He’

: v-j

*T I

Ann.

i2° — 13*

57

Sterling

Return

amended.

Privilege;

Libellous

Publication.

Three Years, and of the Contracts for remitting the Money for the said Services.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented her A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her

____I l.i 1 1. ? 1.. . t . J it aL . /*___- _ 4. _ 1 f iX ~ A . 'f'rk — Dntr«>

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Shire of

Pamphlet, intituled, " Of the sacramental Test: To a " Member of this Parliament, who was for the Occasional " Bill in the former, when the Bill was on foot: Being . a Letter revived upon Account of the Votes of both Houses, which, by refilling the Motion, when the *4 Test Ad was proposed to be put in by Name into the " Act for securing the Church, have (as it were) left it to the Confutation of this Parliament, which, of any yet, " is most fit to judge, whether it be conducive to the " Benefit, or Hurt, of Great The same was

delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the Title thereof and several Paragraphs therein, were read.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Pamphlet is a (candalous and seditious Libel, and tends to create Misunderstandings among her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Libel be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman, upon Friday next, at Twelve a Clock, in th c New Palace Yard, Westminster; and that

the Sheriffs of London and do assist the Ser-

jeant at Arms attending this House, in seeing the same done.

Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill for the speedy and effectual recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Recruiting Laud Forces.

Another of the said Libels being produced, and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and the Title thereof read;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine,

who was the Author, and Printer, of the said Libel; and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Attorney

General, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir tVm. St. Quintin, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Pulteuey, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Paget, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Bo/ca Mr. AI or daunt, Mr.

Gale, Mr. Farrington, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. JNevill, Mr. , Mr. Compton, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Lambert Blackwell, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Travers, Mr. Topham, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. , Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Steward, Mr. Gape, Sir Robert Dovers: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have for Persons, Papers, and Records; and

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 130 die Januarii;

Anno 70 Ann© Reginse, 1708. Prayers.

Ways and

Ways

Mea

eans.

M R. Farrer reported from the Committee of the

Disposition

Power to fend are to fit de die in diem.

whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted ci Money for Majesty, that Ihe will please to give Directions to the to her Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed forces."1111^ proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, the Five hundred thousand Pounds, given the last Parlia- and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where ment, for the Augmentation of her Majesty’s Forces, in the same was read, and is as followeth; viz. order toftrengthen the Army of the Duke of Savoy, for That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

making good the Alliances with the King of Portugal, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, the and for the effectual carrying on the War, for Recovery several and respective Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, of the Spanish Monarchy to the House of Austria. and Perry, granted by an Act of the First Year of her

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty’s Reign, and continued by several subsequent Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Acts until the 24th day of June, 1709, be further con- Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. tinued, from the 23d Day of 1709, until the 24th

Day of June 1710, and no longer, for and upon all Malt, Application Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her which shall be made, and all Mum, which shall be made. Money for Majesty, that she will please to give Directions to the or imported, and all Cyder, and Perry, which shall be

rcesm proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of made for Sale, in Great Britain, except Malt, made and the Application of the Moneys, given the last Parliament, consumed in Scotland.

for maintaining her Majesty’s established Forces in Spain The said Resolution being read a Second time; and Portugal, and of the Number of the effectice Men Resolved, That the House do agree with the Commit-there, and likewise of the Contracts for remitting of the tee, in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply Money for the said Services. granted to her Majesty, the several and respective Duties

Ordered, That the said Address be presented t« her upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by an Act Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, and continued Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. by several subsequent Acts until the 24th Day of June,

1709, be further continued, from the 23d Day Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her 1709, until the 24th Day of June, 1710, and no longer, Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Directions to the for and upon all Malt, which shall be made, and a Mum, Commissioners of the Navy, to lay before this House, which shall be made, or imported, and all Cycler, and an Account of the Contracts, made for victualling her Perry, which I be made for Sale, in Great Britain, Majesty’s Navy in Spain and Portugal, during the last except Malt, made and consumed in Scotland.

Vox,. 10. . P Ordered,

Ways and Means.

iun,

dualling uvy in 5am.

8 i3°-i4° Januarii. A. 1708.

Halfali’s

Estate.

Laws for impairing Streets.

Harwich

EJeflioa.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill

Mr. Farrer presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to enable John Haljall, Esquire, and others, to fell, certain Lands and Appurtenances in Charlewood, and Horley, in the County of Surrey, and also the Ad-

vowfon of the Rettary of Charlewood aforesaid, for Payment of Debts and Portions; and ,the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Laws, for repairing and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of Leaden and Westminsterand Suburbs thereof;

and report their Opinions, how the same may be made more effectual;

And it is referred to Mr. Sambroke, Mr. Secretary Boyle, lx>rd fVm. Powlett, Mr. Mr. Compton,

Mr. Travers, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Peyton, Sir Jeff-jeffryes, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Cecil/, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Barker, Mr. Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Dunh, General Erie, Mr. Chetwind, Mr.

Scobell, Mr. Conyers: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

It appearing to this House, that at the lad Elettion of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Harwich, there was an Equality of Votes; viz. Sixteen for Sir Thomas Davall; the Mayor, and Fifteen, for the said Ken rickEdisbury, Esquire;

Resolved, That the said Elettion is a void Elettion.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eletting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of E/fex, in the room of Sir Thomas Davall, Knight, and Edisbury, Esquire, their Elettion being declared a void Elettion.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Farrer, Mr. BriJIow, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Thorn-hagh, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Egerton, Sir Cha. Blot's, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Dolben, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John a Genoe/e Merchant, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 14° die Januarii; Anno 7* Ann* Regin*, 1708. Prayers.

Harwich

Writ.

Corfo's Loss by Piracy.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the hearing of the Merits of the double Return of Sir Tho. Davall, Knight, and Kenrick Edisbury, Esquire, for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of and also the Merits of the said Elettion.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petitions, relating to the said Return, and Elettion, were read; and several Witnesses on both Sides examined; and the Counsel on both Sides heard, both as to the Elettion, and Return:

And being withdrawn;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir Thomas Davall, Knight, is duly eletted a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex;

It passed in the Negative.

And aMotion being made, and the Question being put, That Kenrick Edisbury, Esquire, is duly eletted a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Borough of Harwich;

It passed in the Negative.

SI R Thomas Littleton (in Obedience to the Order of the 10th Instant) from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House, A Collection from the ordinary Estimates of the Navy, of the Charge upon the general Heads thereof, for the Years 1703, 1704, 1705, 1706, 1707, and 1708, the ordinary Estimates, which contain the Particulars upon each Head, having (as the Commissioners understand) been presented to this House, from the Office of Lord High Admiral, annually for the said Years.

And Sir Tho. Littleton Mo acquainted the House, from the said Commissioners, that, although the particular Sums are in many voluminous Books, yet, if the House expetted any further, or more particular. Accounts, in relation to any of the Heads in the said Collection, they would forthwith apply themselves to give the House intire Satisfaction therein.

And the Title of the said Collection was read.

And the said Collection is in the subsequent Sheet annexed.

Naval

Expellees.

Navy

L.

Navy Office, 7 A COLLECTION from the Ordinary Estimates of the Navy, of the Charge upon the general Heads thereof, for the Years undermentioned, the said Ordinary Estimates, — I z January, 1708.3 which contain the Particulars upon each Head, having (as we understand) been presented to the honourable House of Commons, from the Office of Lord High Admiral,

annually for the said Years.

o

t*

The general Heads of the Ordinary Lllimatw. 1 *703- 1704. *705- 1706. 1707. 1708'.

Council to his Royal Highness, Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, 8cc. 'j I C s. d. jC* £. s. d. jC* £. s. d. £ r.

Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, I 28,879 5 8 30,109 5 8 3°,*79 5 8 30.393 5 8 30,351 17 2 30,840 17 a

Rents of the Offices, and Contingencies relating thereto - - - J - ’:

Pcnfxons to the superannuated Sea Officers, and to the Widows of others, 14,01a 17 7 17,143 10 5 18,on 5 2 *9.573 *8 7 19,410 2 6 17,852 15 n

/ Chatham - -- 3,*53 2 6 3,282 2 6 3,282 2 6 3,282 2 6 3,258 2 6 3»3°3 26

Deptford - -- 2,717 16 4 2,709 16 4 2,709 16 4 2,73* 9 9 2,73* 9 9 2.75* 9 9 {

Woolwich ----- 2,273 18 8 2,277 18 8 2,276 18 8 2,298 12 1 2,298 12 1 2,299 *2 1

Yards. ( Portsmouth ----- 3,286 16 3 I 3,286 16 3 3,286 16 3 3,286 16 3 3,286 16 3 3,286 16 3

I Sheerness ----- ----- *>557 »9 1 *>535 19 " *.535 *9 11 i,535 *9 11 *,535 *9 J»535 *9 11

\ Plymouth - - - - -. - - - - ’ a,24 2 18 11 I 2,242 18 11 2,242 18 11 2,242 18 11 2,242 18 11 2,242 18 11

\Kinfale - -- 1,000 — — J 1,000 — — 1,012 — — 1,012 — < — 1,035 10 — ’ 1,035 10 —

Muster Masters, and other Officers of the Out-ports - 449 1 >02 9 1,019 7*9 *,119 i,949

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ----- 12,407 14 4 I H.839 3 10 *3.578 — 6 17,048 14 10 *6,993 8 s 16,227 4 3

Victuals for the Officers and Men serving therein ----- 5,720 12 6,870 7 — 6,443 4 6 6,533 10 — 7,665 7.342 3 —

Charges of Harbour-moirings - -- 2i,ia3 *7»i77 16,233 19,869 — — 17,446 — ~ 19,162 — —

Ordinary Repairs of the Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Store-' houses, &c. - -- - J 29,160 — — -j 33.859 35,216 37.487 29,805 39,540

128,085 2 2 ' 137.362 *9 6 137,026 8 5 148,014 8 6 *39,»79 *7 6 *49.369 9 9

Charge of the Office for registering Seamen ----- j 3*»54° "i 3*.525 32,005 33.444 1 33,997 5 7 34,425 4 6

o

1.

1

E. Bummer, W. Lee,

Cha. Sergifott, B. Tymewell,

D. Mitchell, Geo. Toilet*

cn

VO

6o

t4° — r50 JartuariL

A. 1708.

Ordered, That the finl Coition do |ie upon the Table, to be perulpc! by the Members of tihe House.

Trade ip those Pg.rts, gre^t Parttaf the Roads between dewberryandReading being generally almost unpafiable, and not likely to'^e repaired,;by reason of the Poverty of

the several P^rilhes, through which the Roads lead; And that the'foid Bitfmay pass.

Debtors Petition.

Mr. Hungerfond reported , from the Committee, to Wagers Whom the Bill topreveni the laying-of Wagers, relating relating to to the Publick, Was committed; tljjit they had made the Pul, lcIc*

Supply Bill; Mr. Farter presented to the House (according to

Malt Dutie*. Order) a Bill fbur charging and conthfuifig the- Dfcties praying, __________

upon Malt, Mum,: Cydttj' and Petty, for the Service of ordered, That, the CohficterUtion of the said Petition

the Year 1759? and the same was received, and read the he referred to the Comnlittee, td whom the said Bill is First time. . - ~ , . - committed. "

Resolved, That ther- Bill be read a Second tmfe;:

A Petition of the jfodr Insolvent Debtors, undier close Confinement in her Majesty’s Gaols in the City and.

Cattle of Orfr.M* tb the: Hwfc.wJ: some Alfi5ntfments ,0 the Bill, which they haddheaed

lead, fettmgforth.jljat through Lottes and M,sfertm.es, h;m ,» (0 rte H(mfc. 'wWch he rtad j, his place,

ST1' teen rnfbness thete maoy Years, ,n great deKrerod in at the Clerk’s Table j where

Want-That the Accoomldhment of the Union,«J the (,e were onM read throughout; and then a Second

ssssi ~ °vt rsk Qrftio"fcvwally put

Afpett on them, and all othes under thdrQircumftancev OriJd, fha't the Bilf with "^Amendments, be

so as to make them serviceable to he?r Majesty in her just

War, otherwise they must perish in Gaol, if notrelieved

by the House: And praying, that their referable Con- TIjc HQUfe proceeded to the hearing of tht Merits

dition may be taken into Consideration, so that they may fa EJedion for the Borough of Bramber, in the

have such Privileges, as their Fellow-subjects of North County of Sufex

Britain enjoy, or such other Relief, as shall be thought And fa c£un'fe| on both Sides were called in.-

proper tb secure the Liberties of all honest insolvent And the Petition of William Hale. Esquire, and Sir

..^rs’ Prelent) aDC* *° conie. Cleave Moore, Baronet, relating to the-laid Election, were

read.

And the Counsel were heard; and several Witnesses on both Sides examined; And the Counsel, and Witnesses, were directed to withdraw.

|(J5

iSSf

Whereupon, and upon Consideration of the other Petitions of like Nature, which have been presented to the House, and have been ordered to lie upon the Table;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Ease of insolvent Debtors; and that Mr.

Mr. Norris, Sir William Wylhand Mr. Chet wind,

do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Answer to Addreflei.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Then the Counsel were called in again; and several other Witnesses examined, and the Counsel heard.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn; And a Motion being made, and the Question being

Recruiting Land Forces.

Mr. Secretary Bdyle reported to the House, that their* several Addresses, of the 12th Instant, in relation to her Majesty’s Forces in Savoy, Spain, and Portugal, and also

relating to the victualling her Majesty’s Navy rn Spain T . ..

and Portugal, having been presented to her Majesty; putr’ That Thomas Lord Wtndfor is duly ele6teda Burgess,

her Majesty had betn pleased to give Directions, that the ferYe in this present Parliament for the Borough of several Accounts, and Papers, therein mentioned, should B

be laid before this House. It pafiedm the Negative ..

And a Motion being madp, and the Question being The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a put, That William Esquire, is duly elected a

Committee of the whole' House, upon the Bill for the Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the speedy and effect ual recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, Borough of;

and the Marines.* Tt passed in the Negative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Then a Motion being made, and the Question being

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee, put. That William Hale, Esquire, is duly eieded a Bur-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. gefs, to serve in this present Parliament for the said

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, that they Borough of Br amber; had made some rrogress in the Bill; and had directed The House divided:

him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, u^onManday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

} *65. }159*

Kennet

Navigation.

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, J *tvllpolc:

Tellers for the Noes, f

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Sir Cleave More, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bramber;

The House divided;

The Yeas go forth:

Tellets for the Yeas,

’ l Mr. Monjon:

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return

}*63-

}r57-

Sabbati, 15* die Januarii \

Anno 7* Annie Regime, 1708.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Constable, Burgesses, chief Inhabitants, and Freeholders, of the Borough and Parish of Hungerford, on behalf of themselves, and'several other Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in and near the said

Town of Hungerford, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that __________ _ r__________

the Petitioners find by the Votes of this House, that there fop the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, by is a Bill depending, for the making the River Kennet raling out the Namesof Thomas Lord and IVm.

navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of shippen, Esquire, and inserting the Names of Wm. Hale, Berks: That the Petitioners hope to prove, the same will Esquire, and Sir Cleave More, Baronet, instead thereof, be of great Service to the Publick, not only for Carriage

of Timber for her Majesty’s Navy, but also of Malt, And then the House adjourned till Monday

Meal, and other Necessaries, to the great Advantage of Morning, Nine a Clock,

24

Kftii

Bramber

Election.

Candles.

to

V P

oi

t*

k

ji

Y

ik

lo

ft

cc

A:

ini

Dt

*7

to

k

to

A,

Bj

{j

7 Ann.

r 7° Jamarii.

6s

Return

amended.

Whitby

Harbour.

Bribery at Elections.

Debtor*

Petition.

Lun<e, 17® die 'JaHuarii;

Anno 7* Ann* Regin*, 1708.

Px Arm

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according lo Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Rramber, in the County of St flex.

Sir William Strickland prefen the House (accord’

ing to Order) a Bill for continuing an made in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding and repair »ng the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the County of Turk; and the was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption in Election of Members to serve in Parliament; and that Mr. , Mr.

Nevill. Sir Ritbard How, Sir Jqftfh Mr.

Sir Peter King, and Sir Robert Denvers, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition oftbepoorinfolvent Debtors in the Gaol at Carlisle, for the Couoty of Cumberlead, was presented to

Dated at the Victualling Office, this 17th Day of far

nuary,j.708.

H. VinKen. Edisbury, Verne. Onslow, The.

Tho. Co,

Tho. Harlow, Tho, Reynoldt.

Copies of the Contrafts, made for fumishing Money at Lisbon, for the Service of the Victualling, in the Years 1706, 1707, and 1708.

CONTRACTED, and agreed, this 27th Day of February, 170^, with the Commissioner* for viAualling her Majesty's Navy, for and on the behalf of her Majesty, by me. Sir Hen. Furnefe, of London, Knight, and I do hereby undertake and oblige myself, for One Year certain, from the first Day of March next enfoing, to fornifti all such Sums of Money, as shall from time to time be required by the Admiral, or Commander in chief, or the Agent to the said Commissioners for YiAualHng ar Lisbon, for the Time being, for carrying on her Majesty’s Victualling Service in those Parts, at the Rate of Six Shillings and One Penny per Millreft; for which I am to have Bilb drawn on the Commissioners for Victuallfog. And it is further agreed, that, during the time limited in this ContraA, no Money shall be taken up, for the Service of the Victualling, from any other Per ton, than Sir Henry Fnrneje's CorrespondetM, except what Ibaft- be

fumished out of the Produce of the Prizes, fold in those

the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners Parts on her Majesty’s Account. In Witness whereof.

VkWling

Navy in

Spun.

are reduced to the greatest Necessity, and unable to satisfy their Creditors: And praying, that they may have their Liberty, by making such a Law, as the Forth Britains enjoy, to be maintained by their Creditors, or be let at Liberty by the Civil Magiftxatc, or be permitted to serve in her Majesty’s Fleet, or Army, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Ease of Insolvent Debtors, be brought in.

Mr. Vincent presented to the House (pursuant to their

I have hereunto' fer my Hand Year first above-written.

Signed, foiled, and delivered, in the Pretence of

and Sea) the Day and

Sprig Manefly, Abr, Otg

Henry fkme/ki (£.

CONTRACTED, and agreed, this 24th Day of February, 1704, with the Commissioners for victualling her Majesty’s Navy, for and on the Behalf of her Majesty, by me Sir Henry Furnefe, of London, Knight, Address to her Majesty for that Purpose) thcRepresenta- and I do hereby undertake and oblige myself; for Six tion of the Commissioners of the Victualling, relating to Months, from the First Day of March next ensuing, to the victualling her Majesty’s Navy in Spain and Pot legal.furnilli all such Sums of Money, as shall from time to

A nd the Title thereof was read. time be required by the Admiral, or Commander in chief,

The Lud Represencation is as followeth; vise. or fl,c Agent to the said Commissioners for Victualling at

Lisbon, for the Time being, for carrying on her Ma-The humble Representation of the Commissioners of the jesty’s Victualling Service in those Parts, at the Rate of Victualling, to the honourable House of Commons, 11 id. per Mi Urea; for which I am to have Bills,

pursuant to the Right honourable the Lord High drawn on the Commissioners for Victualling. And it is Admiral’s Dirt ctions, signified by Letter front Mr. further agreed, that, during the Time limited in this Coa-Rurchet, of the 14th Instant, for laying before them traA, no Money shall be taken up, for the Service oft, he an Account of the ContraAs, made for viAualling her Victualling, from any other Person.than Sir Hen. Furnefe Majesty’s Navy in Spain and Portugal, during the Correspondent, except what shall be furnished out of the - - - - ' Produce of the Prizes, fold in those Parts, on her Majesty’s Account. In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above-written. Signed, sealed, and delivered, in the Preltnceof

7

Fn

ig Manyfley, Whitworth.

Henry Furnefe. (X. SS)

CONT RACTED, and agreed, this (7th Pay of

last Three Years, and of the ContraAs for remitting the Money lor the said Services.

THAT her Majesty’s Ships^ which have been employed in those Parts, have been ufually fumished with Provisiona at Lisbon j for which Purpose, Supplies of Buifcuit, Beef, Pork, Peas, Oatmeal, sod Flour, have been from time to time, by Order, sent thither from England, and the other Species, of Wine in lieu of Beer, and Oil in lieu of Butter and Cheese, have been provided by our Agent at that Place, as he has found the belt Op- , 1707, with the Commissioners for viAualling

port unity of the Market for her Majesty’s Service: For her Majesty’* Navy, for and on behalf of her Majesty, defraying the Charge whereof, and for paying short Al- by me Sir Henry Furnefe, of Baronet, and I do

lowance to the Seamen, the Necessary-money to the hereby undertake and oblige myself to furniftt all such Purlers of her Majesty’s Ships, it has been customary to Sums of Money, as shall horn time to time be required contraA with Merchants here, for fumishing our fn id by the Admiral, or Commander in chief, or the Agent Agent with Money, at a certain Rate the Miilrea, draw- to the said Commissioners for Victualling at Lisbon, for ing Bills on us for the feme. Copies of the ContraAs, the Time being, for carrying on her Majesty’s Victualling made on that Account forth® Years 1706, 1707, and Service in those Parts, until the last Day of AI arch next, 1708, are hereunto annexed. inclusive, at the Rate of $s. 1 cd. per Miilrea; for which

For supplying her Majesty’s Ships, which have come 1 am to have Bills, drawn on the Commissioners for Vic-► Gibraltar, Provisions have been rent thither from Eng- tualling, payable at Three Months Date: And it is further

to Gibraltar,

land, and sometimes from L; and when there has been a Necessity for buying any Provisions there, our Agent has taken up Money for that Service, and drawn Bills on us for the fame.

Vox.. 16.

agreed, that! am to be allowed the same Rate of car tod. per Miilrea, on Rills payable at Three Months Date, for what Money may been furnifticd since the Determination of my lait ContraA, to-this Day. And it is further

agreed.

17® — 18° Januarit. 17 08,

Leave of

Abfeoce.

Yard's

Name,

agreed, that, during the Time limited in this Contract, no Money shall betaken up, for the Service of the Victualling, from any other Person, than Sir Henry Correspondent, except what shall befurnithed out of the Produce of the Prizes, fold in those Parts, on her Majesty’s ^Account. In Witness whereof, I have hereunto let my Hand and Seal the Day of the Year first above written.

Signed, sealed, and delivered,

' in the Presence of

SprigManefiy, Henry Furuefe. (L. S.) Fra. Whitworth.

CONTRACTE D, and agreed, this 19th Day of March 170^, with the Commissioners for victualling her Majesty’s Navy, for and on the behalf of her Majesty, by me Sir Henry Furnesse, of London, Baronet, and I do hereby

..undertake and oblige myself to furnish all such Sums of Money, as shall from time to time be required by the Admiral, or Commander in chief, or the Agent to the said Commissioners for Victualling at Lisbon, for the Time being, for carrying on her Majesty’s Victualling Service in those Parts, at the Rate of 5J. per Millrea; for which I am to have Bills, drawn on the Commissioners for Victualling, payable at Thirty Days Sight. And it is further agreed, that, during the Time limited in this Contract, no Money shall be taken up. for the Service of the Victualling, from any other Person, than Sir Hen. Furttefe's Correspondent, except what shall be furnished out of the Produce of the Prizes, fold in those Parts, on her Majesty’s Account. This Contract to commence the First of April next, and to continue for Six Months certain. In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above-written.

Signed, sealed, and delivered, in the Presence of

Sprig Manefiy, Henry Furnefe. S.)

Fra. Whitworth.

CONTRACTED, and agreed, this First Day of September, 1708, with the Commissioners for victualling her Majesty’s Navy, for and on the behalf of her Majesty, by James Milner, Esquire, of , Merchant, and I do hereby undertake and oblige myself to furnish all such Sums of Money, as shall from time to time be required by the Admiral, or Commander in chief, or the Agent to the said Commissioners for victualling at Lisbon, for the Time being, for carrying on her Majesty’s Victualling Service in those Parts, at the rate of 6d. per Millrea; for which I am to have Bills, drawn on the Commissioners for Victualling, payable at Thirty Days Sight. And it is further agreed, that, during the Time limited in this Contract, no Money shall be received, for the Service of the Victualling, from any other Person, than the said Mr. Milner\Correspondent, except what shall be fur-

nished out of the Produce of the Prizes, fold in those Parts, on her Majesty’s Account. This Contract to commence from the Determination of Sir Henry Fumes'*, and to continue for Six Months. In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above-written.

Signed, sealed, and delivered, in the Pretence of

SprigManefty, James Milner. (L. S.)

Fra. Whitworth.

Ordered, That the said Representation do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Bland have Leave to stay in the Country for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

Sir William Drake, presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to enable Edward Sainthill (late Edward Yard) Esquire, to change his Surname from Yard to Sainthill, according to the Will of Samuel Sainthill, Esquire, deceased j and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

20

Ordered, That Sir David Dalrimple, Mr. Pringle, and Insolvent Sir Samuel Maclelan, be added -to the Gentlemen, who ^ebtor*

are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the Ease of Insolvent Debtors. . 5

A Petition of the Clothiers of Bradford, 7*'abridge, Kennct

bury, the Devijes, and Pattern, and several other adja-’ cent Places, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners being informed, that a Bill is intended to be brought into the House, for making the River Kennel navigable from Reading to Newberry, in Berkshire, the Petitioners appre- 1

hend, the lame, when effected, will be of great Advantage to the Publick, by preserving the Highways, Improvement of Trade, Increafeof Watermen, and be also a Benefit to the Poor: And praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that Mr. Bacon, and Mr. Chambers, be added to the said Committee. be

A Petit ition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and Ditto, !tte* others the chief Inhabitants, of the Borough of Abing- Rlt'

don, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House*, and reaJ; setting forth, that the Town of Newbery having obtained Leave of the House to bring in a Bill for making the River Kennetnavigable from Reading to

Newberry, in Berkshire, the same (if passed into an Act) '

will be a great Damage to the Town of Abingdon, in

their Trade and-Navigation there: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill, before it pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerat ion of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Improving ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole e m0B* House, to take into Consideration that Part of the Speech of the Lords Commissioners for opening, and holding, this present Parliament, which relates to the Improvement of the Union,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House (according to Order )resolved itself into a Recruiting Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Laud Forces, the Bill for the speedy and effectual recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Compton reported from the Committee, that they had made a further "Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

4

Mart is, 18° die;

Anno 7* Ann* Regin*, 1708.

Pra Y E RS.

MR. Bertie presented to the House (according to Boftoa Order) a Bill for enabling Assessments to be Church, made, for repairing, and keeping in repair, the Parish Church of Bofion, in the County of Lincoln; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

TheL

>i

1

nrf*.

Woollen JfuDOfoc-tves,&c*

Krnnttt

Kavi^nion

Ditto.

7 Ann.

i 8° — r 9®

63

The House being moved, to renew several Orders, and that the Tide be* An Act to prevent Hie laying of made the 24th of November, 1699, in relation to the' Wagers, relating to the Publick.

passing of private Bills through this House; the same were read.

Ordered, That there be Three Days between th'eseveral Headings of all private Bills.

Ordered, That no private Bill He brought info this

Ordered, That Mr. Hunger do carry the Bill the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

to

Ordered, That the Bill for repairing and improving the Harbour of Mori/on's Haven, and the Fort there,

House, but upon a Petition, fitting forth the Suggcft ions. in the Shire of East Lothian, and for amending, and

and Kcafons for the same Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee upon, the Report of every private Bill, do acquaint the House; Whether the Allegations of the Bill have been examined,' and the Parties concerned had given their Contents, to’ the Satisfaction of the Committee.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee for any private Bill, do not fit thereupon, without a Week’s publick Notice thereof.

Refilled, That the said Orders be declared to be stand-

keeping in repair, the Highways leading to the said Harbour, be read a Second time To morrow Morning.

ing Orders of the House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement ol those, who are Manufacturers of the Woollen, Iron, and Linen, Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the more ealy Recovery of Wage*, due for the working up the said Manufactures and to Day-labourers, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of all the justices of the Peace, and Grand . Jury, at the General Quarter Sessions -fthe Peace, holden at Reading, in and for the County of Berks, on Tue/dar, the nth Day of January, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Ann, over Great &.C. Anno Domini 1708, was p re fen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, now in the House, ,f if making the River Kennettnavigable from Reading to Newberry, in the said County of Berks, will be rather detrimental, than advantageous, to the Publick, and no ways profitable to the Inhabitants, or Proprietors of Lands, in the said County, but very prejudicial to them: And praying, that they may be heard by Counfi.1 agaiftft the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Pet'tion be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Cain:, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners apprehend, a' Bill intended to pass into a Law, for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newin the County of Berks, will be of publuk Advantage, and tend very much to the Preservation of the Highways, Improvement of Trade, and Increase of Watermen: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petition of Wm. Esquire, relating to

the said Election for the said Borough, was read. And then the CounfeJ on both Sides were heard; and some Witnesses, on the Part of the Sitting Member* examined, touching the Right of the Election for the said Borough.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn; ' A Motion being made, and the Question being pro* posed. That the Right of electing a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, is in the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving AJms, or any Charity;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out rhele Words, " paying Scotland Lot."

And the Question being put. That those Words Hand Part of the Question; >'

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

t- , e . 1 v f Lord Wm. Rowlett,

Tilers for the CU Ho,ham:

Teller, for the Noes,]

So is was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then tire main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Right of electing a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of is in the

Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, and not1 receiving Alms, or any Charity. '

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Merita of the said Election for the said Borough of Abingdon, be adjourned till ThursdayMorning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

| 187. } »7*

Mercurii, 190 die Januarii;

Anno 7* Anna) Reginse, 170S. Prayers.

Morifon'i

Haven.

Abingdon

Ele&iom

Strf>p)y Bill; A Bill for charging and continuing the Duties upon;

IUUDuties’ Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry', for the Service of the Year 1709, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Kalfall’s Ordered, That the Bill to enable John T la fall, Esquire, Litaie. and others, to fell certain Lands and Appurtenances in Charlewood, and Hor/ey, in the County of Surry, and also the Advowson of the ReClory of Charlewood aforesaid, for Payment of Debts and Portions, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next, in a full House.

w»«ts An ingrossed Bill to prevent the laying of Wagers,

tn relating to the Publick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Nomine contradicente. That the Bill do pass;

You. 16.

f~\ R D F. R ED, That John Conyers, Esquire, have Leave La ft to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, for the Borough of East Grinflead, . lon‘ -in the County of Sussex.

Sir John Pakington, (according to Order) presented to Earl of the House, a Bill to veil the Estates, which came to the Plymouth’* Right honourable Other Earl of Plimouth by his Mother, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to fell, for raising Money to pay off Moneys, charged upon his paternal Estate, and to enable him to cut Coppices, and to grant Leases of the Estates of him the said Earl, and Countels of Plimouth, his Wife, in Cheshireand FIintshire , and the Bill was

received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Boyle presented to the House (pursuant Per'?n<'d to their Address to her Majesty for that purpose) A State ^Uand°*' of the Matter of the designed invasion of Srofand of the Proceedings thereupon, and against the Lord Griffin, and others, taken in Rebellion; and also an Account of

the

64 xo0 — 30* Januarji. A. 1708,

the Names of such, as were taken upon Syfpicioa; and in what Posture of Defence the Castles and Garrisonsin North Britain were at that Time, and now are; contained in several Papers, whereof there are Lifts, with Abstracts of what are contained in each Lift.

And the Titles of the several Lifts were read-

Ordered That the Lid Lifts, Papers, and Abstra$$, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Lifts, Papers, and Abstracts, am bound yp with the other Papers of this Section.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Improving Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

th* Union, night, resolve itfeifinto a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of the Speech of the Lords Commissioner* for opening, and holding, this present Parliament, which relates to the Improvement of the Union.

Recruiting The House (according to Order) resolved itfeifinto a Land Force*. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the speedy and effectual recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Morifon’a Ordered, That the BUI for repairing and improving

Haven, the Harbour of Mori/on’s Haven, and the Fort there, in the Shire of East Lothian, and for amending, and keeping in repair, the Highways, leading to the said Harbour, be read a Second time upon this Day Scvcn-aight.

Kennet Ordered, That Mr. Churchill, Sir Tho. Webber, Sir avigatwa. King, Sir Samuel Garrard, Sir Wm. , Sir

Wm. Sea-wen, Mr. Brijhw, Mr, Avnjelm Churchill, Sir John Par/vu, Mr. Confers, Sir Geo. Howland, he added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to , in the County of Berks, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis,20® die Januarii;

Anno, 7* Anns Regins, 170*.

Fiavess.

Buying and f)RDERR D, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill feUiogCattle. v/ to eXp^in Act of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, concerning the buying and selling Cattle in Smithfield, so as to give Leave to Persons, using the Trade of Butchers, to fell Calves, Sheep, and Lambs dead, to other Butchers; and that Mr. Deuxill Onslow, and Mr. fames Mountagu, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

African A Petition of the Royal African Company was pro-Trade. fen ted to the House, and read; letting forth, that the

Preservation of the Trade to has been always held a Matter of high Importance to this Kingdom, and its Plantations; and that Fortsand Settlements are absolutely necessary for the Defence and Improvement of that Trac e, which, the Petitioners are of opinion, cannot be advantageously carried on without ajoint Stock, with Privileges to Support; and that no other Method can enable the British Subjects to serve the Plantations with Negroes at a moderate Rate: That, upon the Encouragement of a Charter, granted by King Charles the ad, in the 24th

Year of his Reign, the Petitioners raised* by Subscription, a considerable Sum of Money for ajoint Stock, and have since advanced several large Sums, great Part of which has been expended in purchasing, erecting, and maintaining, Forts, far Improvement of the said Trade; which . been by them only preserved to the Nation, without any Advantages to the Petitioners, notwithstanding their many great Lodes, during the last, and this present.

War, and the Attempts of foreign Nations to gain this Trade: That in the Year 1697 the Parliament (as a Means to preserve and support this Trade) thought fit to open the fame, by admitting all Persons tq trade to Africa, paying^. 10 per Cent, to the Company, upon their Exports, towards defraying the Charges of Forts and Settle-, merits there; but that Expedient hath not answered its Ends, the unbounded Liberty, given by that Ad to trade, without any Regulation, having lb divided the Interest of the British Nation, that the Natives of Africa impose what they please upon them: and this Difference has much lessened the Prices of Goods, imported to Guinea, and advanced the price of Negroes; and which is fomented by Foreigners, who hope thereby to eogrofe the Trade to themselves: That, notwithstanding all the Lolfes, Difficulties, and Discouragements, the Petitioners have sustained, they have paid several additional Sums upon their Shares in the said joint Stock, in order to preserve the said Trade, so beneficial to the Nation, and are ftiil willing tQ advance a further Stock, sufficiem to support and improve the said Trade in every branch thereof if they may have suitable Encouragement for carrying it;

On: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such needful Privileges, as may enable them effectually to preserve, support, and improve, the said Trade.

Ordered, That the Con side rat ion of the said Petition be referred to a Committee,

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight,

Tefblve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Planters, and Inhabitants, of her African Majesty V Island and Colony of flqrbadwas presented Trade,

to the House, and read; setting^fortly-ahat the Pcti-» tioners being informed, that the Royal African Company, by their Petition to the lall Parliament, did allege, that the Trade to Guinea was attended with so many Difficul- ties, that it occasioned the Advance of the Price of Negroes, and, by reason of other Hard ships, that Trade was in Danger of falling into the Hands of other Europeans; that the Petitioners are deeply affected in that Trade, their constant Supply of Negroes, at moderate Rates, being the chief Support of whereby

they may be enabled to afford the-Product thereof cheaper, than other Nations; but for five Years last, both the said Company, and the separate Traders, have not inv

Eorted above 2,000 Negroes per Annum, and those at etween £25 and J. 40 per Head; which is an unspeak- s

able Damage to the Petitioners, and tends to the Ruin of their Trade, and lessening her Majesty’s Revenue, and the Navigation of Great Britain: And praying, that the British Interest on the Coast of Africa may be effectually preserved, and the Trade put on such a Foot, that the Petitioners may constantly be supplied with a sufficient Number of Negroes, at moderate Rates.

Ordered, Tha.t the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company is referred.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of -Trade atjd Plantations do lay before this House, a State of the African (

Trade, and their Observations thereupon.

A Petition of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, and Kennett Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, assembled at the General Navigation. Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the County of Southampton the Eleventh Day of Jan, 1708, was( pre- fcnted to the House, and read; setting forth, that the' '

River Kennett, in the County of Berks, is capable of beiDg maeje navigable from Readingi» N and wifi be

of

b ‘

7 Ann. 20° — ai° j)anu(trii. 65

of pubJiclf Advantage to Trade, to preserve the High- So it passed in the Negative.

ways, and to increase Waternjen: ^nd paying, that a Then the Counsel were called in again, and proceeded

Bill may pass for that Pnrportv' and then withdrew.

Ordered, That the Consideration of t be said Petitionee And a Motion being made, and the Question being

referred to the Committee, icr whom the Bid for making pot. That the House do now adjourn; the River Rennet navigable from Reading toNewberry, in The House divided: \

the County of Berks, is committed. The Noes g© forth; 1

£aH of tb« Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Tellers for the Yeas,^|^ Price:

H-4. ontiJ this Day Sennight. Tellm for the No}‘*S-

Abingdon The House (according to Order ^proceeded in the fun* So it passed in the Negative.

£lediM. ther Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the Then t he Counsel were called in again, and proceeded:

Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks. And being withdrawn;

And the CounfeJ on both Sides were called in And a Motion being made, and the Question being

And the Petitioner's Counsel were beard, and Several put, That Sir Simon , Knight, is duly electtfd a

Witnesses for him examined: And then they withdrew. JBurgefs, to Serve in this present Parliament for the said Ordered, That Candles be brought in Borough of Abingdon;

And they were brought in accordingly. The House divided: ,

Then the CounfeJ were called in again. The Noes go forth:

And in the proceeding of the Counsel for the Sitting T , v fSir John Stenehou/e, )

Member, John Holmes (one of the Serjeants of Abingdon) eWWS c ^’fMr. Anntjley: j*'

being offered as a Witness; he was objected to _ KT f Lord tVm. Powie/f, l.oe

And the Counsel being withdrawn, Tdkn for the No«, JMr. #Vj*/e: I'*5'

And a Motion being made, and the Question being $0 it passed in the Negative,

put, That John Holmes (one of the Serjeants of Abingdon) Then a Motion being made, and the Question being

be now admitted to give Evidence; put. That William Hacks, Esquire, is duly eleefted a Bur-

It passed in the Negative. gefs, to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Bo-

Then the Counsel were called in again, and acquainted rough of Abingdon; therewith. The House divided:

And the Counsel proceeded: And several other Wit- The Yeas go forth:

nesses were examined: And then they withdrew. T , v 7

And a Motion being made, That the Counsel be now e ers or e eas>£Mi\ Ncvill: 3

called in; T-Hrcf \r (Lord Willoughby, )

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by e or c Nicholas: j

adding, at the End thereof, thefeWords, "and that they So it was reloIved in the Affirmative.

be acquainted, that it is the Opinion of this House, that And the House fitting till pall Two a Clock, on Friday

Anthony Adifon, Rector of St. Helled8 Parish in Abing- Morning;

" don (being of a Sufficient Ability to pay Parish Taxes, Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this " but excuied, in respect of his Fund ion) has a Right to House this Friday Morning, at Ten a Clock, to amend vote in the Election of a Burgess, to Serve in Parlia- the Return for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County " ment for the said Borough of Abingdon.'* of Berks, by rating out the Name of Sir Simon Harcourt,

And the Question being put, That those Words be Knight, and inserting the Name of William Hucks, added to the Question; Esquire, instead thereof.

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth: And then the House adjourned till this Fridcy

Tellers for the Yea ^.SlriMani, >,6+ Morning, Ten a Clock.

fMr. Bridges: y __________

T ellers for the Noes,|

_ IMr. Rowney. 3 , 21 die yanuarttj

So it passed in the Negative. J

Ordered, That the Counsel be now called in .____. »_____v______

And they came in again, and proceeded; and then nn 7 7°&*

withdrew. Psatiks.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being , .

put, That the House do now adjourn till To-mprrow ENERAL Erie (according to Order) presented Morning, Nine a Clock; V. to the House, An Eftunate of the Charge of the Eftuua*e*

The House divided: Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance, for the Year 1709,

The Noes go forth: for Land Service.

Tellers for the H nfc

Tellers for the

THE Charge of the Holland Train 45,000 — —

The Ordinary of the Office, comprising Salaries, Rents, Repairs of Store-houses, Barracks, 1 Platforms, Carriages, as, likewise the Expence of Stores in the several Garrisons, and other f 28,173 13. 9

Incidents ..... . .]

For aoo Tons of $alt-petre, for Supply of Stores - - - - io,6qo — «-

The yearly Charge at Jamaica - - - 456 5 —

The yearly Charge at New York - - - - - - - . , 181. 10 t —

The yearly Charge of Powder for Portugal, according to the Treaty - 10,974 5 —

The yearly Charge of the Officers, Fireworkers, Bombardiers, Artificers, Gunners, and Ma-> ,

troffes, belonging to the Trains in Catalonia, A lie ant, and Denia --3 14>939" 7

The y early Charge of Officers, an Engineer, Fireworkers, Bombardiers, Gunners, and Ar-> _ tificers, at Gibraltar - - - . - - - _ 3>®3' 5

The yearly Charge of Officers, Engineers, Fireworkers, Bombardiers, Gunners, and Arti-V '

fleers, for a Train of Artillery at Port Mahon - - - - . .1 4>544

Vou 16. R The

so.'U

66 21®

The Charge of enlacing the Fortifications at Sheeme/s, Edinburgh

Castle, Stirling Cattle, and Fort William at Inverloughy -The Charge of enlarging the Fortifications at Land-guard Fort, and fortifying Harwich The Charge of Officers, Bombardiers, Gunners, and others, belonging to the Train of Artillery in the North Part of Great Britain The Charge of Stores, demanded for the several Garrisons in the North Part of Great Britain -

1708.

£ r. d.

60,000 — — 10,801 -

1,026 11 3

10,058 7 6i

£. 200,488 — ----- i

jiDit

Memorandum: No Computation can yet be made of the Charge of purchasing the Lands and Houses, which will be necessary to be done, for erecting the Fortifications, for Security of Docks and Harbours at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, because there are several Persons interested therein, who have not Power, upon Sale thereof, to make Titles, without Authority of Parliament.

The King of Spain demands Ordnance, and Stores, for an Artillery in Spain, which will amount to a very great Sum of Money, if they are to be supplied from hence.

C. , Tho. Erie, Wm. Bridges,

Ja. Craggs.

Abingdon

Return

amended*

Rotherhith

Church.

Kenoet

Navigation.

Woollen Manufactures, &c.

Committees.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that

A Petition of the Mayor of the City of New Sarum, and other chief Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the House, and read} setting forth, that there is a Bill intended to be brought into this House, for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks; which (if effected/ they conceive, will be of publick Advantage, by promoting of Trade, and supplying the Country with Coals, and other Commodities: And praying, that the said Bill may pafsinto <a Law.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for the Encouragement of those, who are Manufacturers of the Woollen, Iron, and Linen, Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the more easy Recovery of Wages, due for the working up the said Manufactures, and to Day-labourers, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the Encouragement of those, who are Manufacturers of the Woollen, Iron, and Linen, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for the more easy Recovery of Wages, due for the working up the said Manufactures, and to Day-labourers.

Ordered, That Mr. Mountague do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ' regulating of - Secants Wages, and for the better Recovery of the fame; and also for making the Ad, made in 1 the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled.

An Act, containing divers Orders for Artificers, La-'w bourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices,"

' more effectual; and that Mr. Mr. Mr.

Ddben, Mr. Guidott, Lord Mr. Sir

Wm. Strickland, and Mr. Sambroke, do prepare, and bring jn, the Bill.

A Petition of Moses Beranger was presented to the Berenger'* House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was Nat. born out of her Majesty’* Allegiance, but of the Protestant Religion, of which he has given good Testimony:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Sir Francis Masham, and Mr. Fur-nffle, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Recruiting Committee of the whose House, to whom the Bill for Land Force*, the speedy and effectual recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, was committed, the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That all Harvest-men shall be free from impressing, chat have a Certificate from the Parish, where they live, and allowed by the Justices of Peace.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

For encouraging Deserters to come in.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks} which were filled up; and the Clause amended: And afterwards the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered,'- to be added to the Bill,

That the Commissioners for the County of Chester, and the Officers of the Town of Cudington, shall execute the Act in a Place called Threapwood, where many Deserters have been harboured.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

For making good the Money to the Land Tax Credit again, that shall be issued for Recruits.

And the same was twice read, and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill, Fol. 6, and 7.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

f Sail tint

«to CtJ

Htlo.

:d.

H

A

[m] A Blank is feeit left in the Journal, for the Entry of this Petition, and of the Order for referring it to the Consideration of a Coro-®5d Committee appointed for that Purpose;,but it appears from the piinted Votes, that the Prayer of the Petition was, That the Petitioners might be enabled to enlarge and rebuild the Parish Church, and Tower of the fame, belonging to the said Town, by TTi^T* U r Duty fld T\ Coal3’ for adorniDg bcautifyin* Cathedral of St, Peafs, or by such other Ways and Means, as to the

Refo/vedt

7 Ann.

a i* — 2 2° — 24"

67

Ways and Mean*.

Supply Bill Malt Duties.

If. Stafford’* Estate.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif* ing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfeJf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1709.

Ordered, That Sir Francis War, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Phillips, Sir Jacob Banket, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Cox, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for vetting in Trustees the Reversion of several Lands and Tenements, expedant on JLeafes for Lives, the Estate of Hugh Stafford, of Pynes, in the County of Devon, Esquire, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and, by discharging his Power of leafing, to secure other Lands, to come into Possession, to his Son, in lieu thereof, is committed.

great and eminent Services, performed by his Grace the Duke of Marlborough the latt successful Campaign, Co much to the Honour of Great Britain, and Advantage of all Europe, but also the indefatigable Zeal be perseveres in* for the Service of the common Cause abroad, while he might, with reason, expect to be received with all the Marks of Honour and Satisfaction at home, do, with a just Regard to his glorious Actions, return him the Thanks of this floufe.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do transmit such the Thanks of this House to his Grace the Duke of Marlborough.

The House being informed, that some Words of Heat The Hoof# had happened* bet w een Sir Jacob Banket, and Mr. Dolben,

Members of this House; they were required to give their Quarrel. Words and Honours, that they would not prosecute the Matter any further.

Whereupon they severally flood up in their Places, and fubnutted to the Pleasure of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sab bat i, 2 2* die Januarii;

Anno 7* Aon* Regin*, 170S.

PR AYERS.

Whitby A BILL for continuing an Act, made in the First Harbour. Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for

rebuilding and repairing the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Lord Wm. , Mr. Cholm-

ley, Mr. Campion, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Mr.

Mafers, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Wm. Mr. Majon,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Goit, Mr. Gale, Mr. Hey [ham, Mr. Morifon, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Mr. Stewart, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Fielding-, and all the Members, that serve for the County of York, and for the Sea-ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Ftve a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dr. M*n- Ordered, That Doctor Manning ham, be desired to preach

mngbam to before this House at St. Margaret's, , upon

nthFeb* 17^’ Day of February next, the Day appointed by her Majesty’s royal Proclamation for a publick Thanklgiv-

ing; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Walpole do acquaint him therewith.

Intended In- Refohed, That an humble Address be presented to her raiio of Majesty, that Ibe will be pleased to give Directions to the Scotland. proper Officers, that there may be laid before this House,

a Lilt of the Ships of War that were employed upon the account of the late intended Invasion of Scotland, under the Command of V ice-admiral and Rear-admiral Baker, and of the Names of the Captains, who were employed in that Expedition, and which of them are now at home, and what Journals have been delivered in, relating to that Expedition, according to their general Instructions.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Die House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the steyning Election for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Elusion. Sujex.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petition of William Wallis, Esquire, relating to the said Election, being read;

The Counsel were heard, and several Witnesses 00 both Sides examined.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn 1

Resolved, That William Henry Lord Tunbridge (now Earl of Rockford) was duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Strraing Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Steyning, in the County of Sussex, in the room of William Henry Lord Tunbridge (now Earl of Rockford) being called up to the House of Peers.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 240 die Januarii;

lion*

Treaties for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Cootribu- Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Directions, that such Treaties, or Agreements, as have been made in relation to Contributions, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as aie of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Duke of Refohed, nemine contradicente, That the Commons

Marlborough of Great Britain, being truly sensible, not only of the Vot. 16.

Anno 7* Ann* Regin*, 1708.

Prayers.

\ PETITION of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, Wymood-Lx. Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, assembled and ham Roads, met at the Castle of Norwich, for foe County of Norfolk, the nth Day of January, Anno Domini 1708, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Year of the Reign of the late King William, for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleburgh, in the said County, is not fuifficient to repair the same within the Time limited by the said Act; and the Road between Wymondham and Hether-sett, being the great Road from London to Norwich, over the deep and long Commons of those Towns, is so unpayable, that a Causeway must be raised over the said Commons: The Petitioners therefore pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act; and that the said Road over the said Commons may be included therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Wyndham, Sir John Holland, and Mr. Bacon, do pre- -pare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill to veil the Estates, which came to the Right Earl of Pli-honourable Other Earl of Plimouth by his Mother, in mouth's Trustees, and their Heirs, to fell, for railing Money to Estate-pay off Moneys, charged upon his paternal Estate, and to enable him to cut Coppices, and grant Leafesof the Estates of him the said Earl, and Countess of Plimouth,

his

68

34° Januarii.

A. 1708.

Yard’s

Name.

Kennett

Navigation,

Ditto.

Ditto.

his Wife, in Chtjhicrt and FUntshire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Mofiyn, Mr. Scobell, Lord fVindfer, Mr. Campion* Mr. Gott, Sir John Packington, Sir Robert Mr. Hey-

jl*, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Freneau, Sir Drake, Mr.

Hungerfordi Mr. Sam broke, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Iretan, Mr. Trevor, Sir The. HamerMr. Pryfe, Mr. nion. Sir Wm.Scawen, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Mr.

Methwen, Mr. Gale, Lord Mr. Cotton, Mr.

Norris, Mr. Foley, Mr. Monson, Mr. Mr. Wyld,

Sir Fra. Masham, Mr, Shepherd, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Mr.

fy; and all that serve for North Wales, and the Counties of Worctfterand Warwick: And’ they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable Edward Sainthill(late Edward Tard) Esquire, to change his Surname from Yard to Sainthill, according to the Will of Samuel Sainthill, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Walter Yonge, Sir Tho, Franckland, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Mervin, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Robert Sir Fra,

Ma/ham, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Sir Rich. Farring-

ton, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Fer-rier, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Carey, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Price, Mr. Freman, Mr. Gale-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Alborne, an ancient Market-town, belonging to the Duchy of Lancaster, in the County of Wilts, and Twelve Miles from Newberry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Neivberry, in the County of Berks: The Petitioners are fully satisfied, the same (if effected) will be a^eneral Advantage to the neighbouring Country, and particularly to the Inhabitants of Alborne, who employ abundance of Poor, in making of Fustian; and it will be a great Ease to them, in conveying their Goods to and from London: And praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Trades-men, dwelling in the Town and Parish of Lamborne, and Parts adjacent, in the said County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the River Kennett in Berkshire, is capable of being made navigable; and, if the same be done, it will be of publick Advantage, and very much tend to the Preservatiao of the Highways: And praying, that a Bill may pass for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forthjthat there being a Billintended tobe brought into this House, for making the River Rennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, the Petitioners apprehend, that the doing thereof will be of publick Advantage, by promoting of Trade, and supplying the Country with Coals, and other bulky Commodities: And praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Portreeve, Bailiff, Burgesses, and In- Kennett habitants, of the Borough and Parish of Great Bedwin, in Navigation, the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Bill in the House, for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, the Petitioners conceive, the same will be a general Good, by rendering the Communication between the Cities of London, Bath, and Bristol, much more commodious, and the Conveyance of their bulky Goods (now sent by Land Carriage, at excessive Rates) more easy, the Roads between Newberry and Reading being almost unpassable: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for the speedy and effectual recruit- Recruiting ing her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, was read Force*< the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press 5. L. 5. to leave out " each," and insert " any."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1709.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill, to enable John Hallfall, Hallfair* Esquire, and others, to fell certain Lands and Appurte- Estate* nances in Charlewood and Horley, in the County of Surrey,

and also the Advowson of the Redtory of Charlewood, aforesaid, for Payment of Debts and Portions, be read a Second time upon this Day Seven-night.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Malt Duties. House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1709.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Sir Richard Farr ing- Rotherhith don, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Nevill, Church. Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Hampden, Mr. , Sir John

Holland, Mr. Ferrier, Sir John Leak, Sir Fia. Mq-sham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Mary, Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Fiyi

I't!

ha

Fasti

A

siq)

*.4511.

U /

/ife

\36?6»

Jr

7 Ann. 25

f Martis, 25* Januarii \

Anno 70 Ann® Regina), 1708.

P R ATIX5.

Buying and Ti M R. Denzill Ot[flow presented to to the House "8 M f* IVjL (according to Order) a Bill for the explaining and making more effectual, that Part of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in; and for

giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to as

formerly: And the Bill was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill was read a Second time, upon Saturday Morning next.

H. Stafford'* Sir Walter Tonge reported from the Committee, to Mate, whom the Bill for vetting in Trustees the Reversion of several Lands and Tenements, expectant on Leases for Lives, the Estate of Hugh Stafford, of Pynes, in the County of Devon, Esquire, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and, by discharging his Power of lealing, to (ccure other Lands, to come into Pcfleflion, to his Son, in lieu thereof, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Kennet A Petition of the Bailiffs, approved Men, and Bur-

NMigatioa. gestes, and other chief Inhabitants of the Borough of Andover, in the County of , was presented to

s the House, and read; setting forth, that a Bill being intended to be brought into the House, for making the River Kernel navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, the Petitioners conceive, it will be of publick Advantage, by promoting Trade, Increase of Watermen, and supplying the Country with Coals, and other Commodities, to the Advancement of her Majesty’s Customs: And praying, that a Bill may pass for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Dr. Man- The House being informed, that Doctor nmgbam having been acquainted with the Desire and Order of the

ft If fro mim* House, for him to preach before them the 17th Day of preaching. February next, the Day appointed by her Majesty’s royal Proclamation for a publick Thanksgiving > he gave the House his humbleThanks, for the Honour intended him but that he had received Commands to preach before her Majesty that Day; and therefore hoped, he should be excused;

Dr. Hare Ordered, That Doctor Hare be desired to preach before to preach on pjoulV at St. Margaret's that Day; and

l* ‘ that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord -ah on, Mr. Walpole, and Mr. Naylor, do acquaint him therewith.

leave of Ordered, That Mr. Abercrombie have Leave to be Absenc*. absent for a Month upon extraordinary Occasions.

Commercial A Petition of Walter Stewart and Wm. Murray, Mer-lutercourse chants, was presented to the House, and read; setting jmhScot- forth, that by the Articles of Union between England and Scotland, it is agreed, that upon the First of May, 1707, the Two Kingdoms should have a free Intercourse ol You 16.

Januarii. 6$

Trade* and that all Laws in either kingdom, contrary to the Terms of the Articles, should be void: That upon a Petition of several Merchants, relating to Goods brought hither from Scotlandfince the Union, which were seized, this House did, on the 2 2d of November, 1707, resolve,

Nrn the contradicenle. That an humble Address be predated to her Majesty, that (he would order her Attorney General to enter a Noliprofequi, to discharge the Informations in the Exchequer, relating to Goods imported into Scotland before the First of May then last pad; and they were discharged, and the Goods, brought in since, delivered to the Owners: That, in January following, the Petitioners brought to London, by Land Carriage, 39 Pieces of black Alamodes and Luftrings, which were legally imported into Scotland, and the Duties paid there, before the said First of May, 1707 j yet the Commit sioners of the Customs have seized them, and a Process lately commenced against them, upon Pretence, that those Silks are to be exported upon Security, and not worn, or used, in England, the Laws of England, concerning the same, not being repealed by the Act of Union: And praying the Confederation of the House in the Premises, and such Relief therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Address ad* Majesty, that (he will not suffer her just Grief lb far to vifiogQueea prevail j but will have such Indulgence to the hearty to marf7-Deli res of her Subjects, as to entertain Thoughts of a Second Marriage.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address to be presented to her Majesty, upon the said Resolution;

And it is referred to Mr. Watson, Mr. Secretary Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Hen. Mr.

Windham, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr.

Denton, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sir

David Dalrimple, Mr. Compton, Lord Lumley, Sir Jof.

Jekyll, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Steward, Mr. Page, Sir 7ho. Parker, Lord Marquis Winton, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Lechmere, Lord Arch. Hamilton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Baily, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Strickland, Sir Holland,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Lawson, Lord Powlett, Sir Wm. Strickland,

Mr. Vincent, Lord Woodflock, Earl Hertford, Mr. Pelham,

Colonel Sutton, Mr. Denz. Onflozv, Sir Mr.

Topham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Answer House, that their Addresses had been presented to her to Adresse*. Majesty, That (he would be pleased to give Directions, that there might be laid before this House, a List of the Ships of War, employed upon Account of the late intended Invasion of Scotland, the Names of the Captains, who are at home, and what Journals had been delivered, relating to that Expedition; and also such Treaties, or Agreements, as have been made, in relation to Contributions; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, that those Things should be laid before the House.

The House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Dumfries, Election for the Burgh of Dumfriefe, in the Shire of Ekftioa. Dnmfriefe.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petition of William Paterson, Esquire, relating to the said Election, was read.

And then the Counsel for the Petitioner were in Part heard; and some Witnesses examined: And the Counsel, and Witnesses, withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Recruiting for the speedy and effectual recruiting her Majesty’s hand Force*. Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year ' 1709, without any Amendments:

S Also,

2 5° — 16° Januarii.

A. 1708.

Lords deGre

Leave for Members to attend them.

Committee to search for Precedents.

Also, the Lords desire this House to give Leave to Sir Samuel Macklellan, Mr. Dugall and Mr. Cochran

Kilmarnock, to attend the House of Lords Tomorrow, at Eleven a Clock, to give their Testimony in relation to the Election of the Sixteen Peers of returned

to serve in this present Parliament.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer by Mefl'engers of their own.

And the Mefl'engers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker -acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to search Precedents in relation to the said MdTage;

And it is referred to Sir Hanmer, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Lord Coningsby, SxrWm. St. Mr.

Colonel Grahme, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Hen. Lyddell, Sir Jo/epk Jekyll, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Denton, Sir Peter King, Mr. Banks, Mr. Moor, Mr. Bailie, Mr. Campion, Mr. Foot, Mr. Nicholls, Mr. Sir David

Dalrimple, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Cockburn, Sir IVm. Strickland, Lord Mr. Benjon, Lord Pow-

let t, Mr. Topham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lock: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dwnfriew, Ordered, That the further Confederation of the Merits Ac. Lleitiou. of [|,e Deft ion for the Borough olDunrfrieze be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

Kennett Ordered, That Mr. Hampden, Sir John Navigation. Mr. Pitt, Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Ellis, Sir John Walter, Mr. Gape, Sir 7 Wheat, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Denton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Hungerford, Serjeant Bennet, Mr. Rownbe added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Januarii; Anno 7* Ann® Regin®, 1708. Prayers.

a’t \ BILL for repairing and improving the Harbour of

B. l\

Morifon’^ %

Haven, il Morifon's Haven, and the Fort there, in the Shire of East Lothian, and for amending, and keeping in repair, the Highways, leading to the said Harbour, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Hertford, Lord Bulkeley, Sir , Mr. Farrer,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Bailie, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Skippon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hillerfdon, Mr. Norreys, Sir John Holland, Sir John Guise, Sir Masham, Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Woollaflon, Mr. Bacon, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Bertie, Sir Jof.Jekyll, Mr. Diflon, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Carey, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Page, Sir Robinfen, Mr. Bridges,

Colonel Moreton, Mr. Mason, Mr. Pocklington, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Compton, Sir Mr.

Thornhagh, Sir Lambert Blackwell, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho.Povuys, Mr. Netnil, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Monson, Mr. Mount apt, Mr. Got!, Mr and all, that serve

for North Britain, and the Sea-ports; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of St. Buts without Aldersgate, London, was presented to the House, and read: and, by Leave of the I louse, withdrawn.

( vder nfed A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand lur datill.ng, Qf the County of G/cucester, at the General Quarter Sdiions of the Peace, held at Gloucester the Eleventh Day of January, 1708, and in the 7th Year of her Majesty's Reign, was presented to the House, and read; letting

forth, that the Petitioners conceive themselves obliged to represent to the House, that the drift Prosecutionsin the Exchequer against divers Distillers, in the neighbouring Counties, for a Duty of 4 s.per Hogshead for the Cyder and Perry they buy todiftil, above the Duty theypay on distilling thereof, under Pretence, that they are Buyers and Retailers of the same within the Intention of the Act, made in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the laying a Duty on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, is lb great a Discouragement to them, that they are likely to lay down their Employs, whereby a great Part of the Country will be disabled from paying their Taxes; and the Petitioners conceive, the said Distillers are not within the Description of a Retailer by the said Act; and that the Execution thereof is (for a speedy Remedy) in the Justices of the Peace in the Countries (Prosecutions in the Exchequer being very expensive) the which, with the said Duty (if paid) will ruin most of the said Distillers; who, though they publickly bought their Cyder and Perry for distilling, were not charged with the Duty of 4J. per Hogshead, nor had Notice, that they were to be charged, until long after they had disposed great Quantities of their Spirits; yet now are prosecuted, with a Retrospect of Five or Sx Years Duty, which is more than they are able to pay: And praying, that, in Consideration of the doubtful Construction of the said Act, the said Distillers, and their Trade, may not be ruined, and that they may be relieved against the said Prosecutions in the Exchequer.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1709, is committed.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, and other the Justices of the Peace, of the City of Gloucester, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Gloucester, for the same City and County thereof, the 10th Day of January, 1708, and in the 7 th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, was presented to the House, and read; lotting forth, that the drift Prosecution, lately commenced in the Exchequer against divers Distillers thereabouts, for a Duty of per Hogshead for the Cyder and Perry they at first buy to distil, under Pretence, they are Buyers and Retiilers thereof, within the Intention of an Act of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for laying a Duty on Malt, Mum, and Cyder, is a great Hardship upon’ them; for that (although they bought their Cyder and Perry publickly) they were not charged with the said Duty, till after they had disposed of great Quantities of Spirits, nor had Notice thereof, and yet now are prosecuted, with a Retrospect of Five or Six Years, for the said Duty, which will amount to more, than many of them are able to pay; and for that the Justices, and the Petitioners, who apprehend themselves to have the Execution and Determination of the said Act lodged in them, (have upon Application) discharged the Distillers of the said Duty, the which (if exacted)will not only ruin the said Distillers, but greatly discourage the felling of Fruit, Cyder, and Perry, and the manufacturing thereof, whereby many Dealers therein maintain their Families, and pay their Taxes: And praying, that, upon the doubtful Construction of the said Act, the said Persons, and Trade, may not be ruined, but relieved by the House.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum) Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1709, is committed.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, and the other Justices of the Peace, of the Borough of Teukejin the County of

Gloucester, and of the Grand Jury of the said Borough, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace there, held the 10th Day of January, 1708, and in the 7th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they conceive, the Prosecutions in the Exchequer, lately commenced against many Distillers in

those

V’<

I \o DJH]-

Ditto. fc.&t

iiUL

K

1

t

a

r

t

Ditto. [

t

r

* I

1

7 Ann. 26° — 2 79 Januarii.

7*

those Parts, for a Duty of 4 /. Hogtbead for the

Cyder and Perry they buy to distil, upon Pretence, that they are Buyers or Retailers the tame, within the Intention of an Act, made in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for laying a Duty on Malt, Mum, and Cyder, is a great Hardship upon them; and that they are not within the Meaning of the said Act, nor were charged with the said Dury, nor had any Notice, that they were to be charged therewith, till long after the Commencement thereof, and after they had disposed thereofi yet the said Prosecutions have a Retro/j>ed of Five or Six Years Duty, which (if exacted) will be the Ruin of the Distillers, and their Trade, in the Country: And praying, that the Distillers may be relieved against the said Prosecutions, and the Matter aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Conhdcration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1709, is committed.

Gregg'* Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her gmng Infer. Majesty, that the will please to give Directions, that all ! Paper*, and Proceedings, which concern the Examioa-

y' tions, Confessions, and Condemnation, of William Gregg, some time since executed for High Treason, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Afion, Deputy Gentleman U(her of the Black Rod: j Mr. Speaker,

1 loyal Afoot The Queen has granted a Commission under the great a Bill. Seal, lor the passing the Royal Assent to a Bill, agreed to by both Houses of Parliament and the Lords Commissioners desire, this House will come up to the House of Peers prefemly, with their Speaker, to be present at the passing thereof.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to

the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the Commission was read, for passing the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the lpeetly and effectual recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year i;of; and that the Lords Commissioners had passed the Royal Assent to the said Bill accordingly.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Ordered, That it l5fe an lnftrudion to the Committee ll«lt Duties, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Services of the Year 1709, is committed,

. that they have Power to receive a Clause, for transferring the Deficiency of the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, ending the 24th Day of June 1708, to the Register of the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted this present Session of Parliament.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Improving Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

it*Union, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of the Speech of the Lords Commissioners for opening, and holding, this pre-Vo l. 16.

lent Parliament, which relates to the Improvement of the Union.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 2 70 die Januarii \

Anno 7* Annas Regina?, 1708.

Praters.

MR. Rurcket, fmm the Lord High Admiral, pre- Intended

lented to the House (pursuant to their Addrefi to ’"'".""'Iof her Majesty for that Purpose) a List of the Ships of War, C° au ‘ that were employed upon the account of the late intended Invasion of Scotland, under the Command of Admiral Bing, and Rear Admiral Baker, and of the Names of the Captains, who were employed in that Expedition, and which of them are now at home, and what Journals have been delivered in, relating to that Expedition, according to their general Instructions; together with Thirteen of the said Journals.

And the Title of the Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift, and Journals, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift, and Journal, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for enabling Assessments to be made, for repairing, and keeping in repair, the Parish Church of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Wm.

Powlett, Mr. Peregrine Bertie, Mr. Charles Bertie, Mr.

Albemarle Bertie, Colonel Whitchurch, Mr. , Mr Duncomb, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Elliot, Lord Willoughby, Mr.

Cecil, Mr. Rowney, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Vernon, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Vane, Sir Peter King, Mr. Topham, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Mr.

Frank I and, Mr. Ellis, Sir Robert Dover s, Mr.

ton. Sir Tho. Willoughby, Sir Fra. Mr. Sher-

rard, Mr. Gape, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Proby, Mr. HU-lerfdon, Mr. Palmer; and all, that serve for the County of Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of divers Merchants, separate Traders from African the Port of London to the Coast of Africa, and thence to 'I rather Majesty’s Plantations, on behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the said Trade, was preferred to the House, and read; felting forth, that the Pci itioners. being encouraged by the Act of Parliament, for settling the Trade to Africa, made in the Ninth Year of the Reignof the late King William, became large Adventurers in the said Trade, and have greatly impoved it, and carried it on to a higher Degree, than when the African Company had it to themselves, by the Increafeof Navigation, and supplying the Plantations, and ,with more

Negroes, and by their Exports of the British Manufactures: That the Royal African Company, by their late Petition to this House, have ottered divers mistaken Re-presentations of the said Trade, and injudicious Reflections, as well upon the said Act, as upon the Petitioners, and have in many Instances acted dirediy contrary to the Intent of the said Act, to the great Damage of the Petitioners, and to the Obstruction of the said Trade: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel, or otherwise, to answer the Charge of the said Company.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company is referred.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company, and the separate Traders, be heard before the said Committee, in relation to the African Trade.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Ditto Council, of the City of Exon, and of the Merchants, and

other

1

other Traders in the Woollen Manufactories, in the said City, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since the opening of the Trade to by Act of Parliament,

greater Quantities of their Woollen Manufactures have been exported and fold, fit for that Trade, than when the Royal African Company had the foie Trade thither in their Hands, to the great Benefit of the Woollen Manufacturers in Devon, and Parts adjacent: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may be free and open to all the Subjects of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Inerting A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common

Irish Yarn. Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, on the behalf of themselves, and many Tliou-

sand of the Citizens of the said City, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, wai presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Maintenance of many thousand Persons depend on the Woollen Manufactures, on which the Value of Land, and Trade of the Nation, chiefly depend: That of late Years, vast Quantities of Worsted, wrought and spun in Ireland, have been imported into divers Parts of this Kingdom, in so much, that the poor Wool-combers, and Spinners, in the said City and Neighbourhood, are out of all Employment, and mud inevitably be a. Burthen to their respective Parishes, unless relieved, by reason Irish Worsted may be fold £. 20 per Cent, cheaper, than it can be made here, and bay or Woollen Yarn, and combed Wool, in Proportion; so that the whole Woollen Manufactures are likely io be transmitted from hence to Ireland, if not prevented, the Weaving Part only excepted: That Worsted and Bay Yam may legally be brought from Ireland, paying a small Duty; but the Book of Rates takes no Notice of any Duty on Irish Worsted j so the same is entered under the Denomination of Bay Yarn, though ’tis of double die Value: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Harris, Sir St. Quint in,

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Moor, Sir Step. Leonard, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Stewart, Mr. Wood, Mr. Carey, Mr. Mervin, Mr. Bof-cawen. Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Onslow, Sir Walter Tenge, Mr. Campion, Mr. Benson, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Peter King, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hamb-den. Sir Tho. Frankland, Lord , Mr. Compton,

Mr. Peyton, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Morris, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Herne, Mr. Shaw, Mr. ;and all, that serve

for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Lincoln, Leicester, Gloucester, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ditto. A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall, in behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds in the Neighbourhood, was presented. to the House, and read s setting forth, that the Trade of the said Borough chiefly depends on the Sale of Woollen Yarn, in the (pinning whereof, mod: of their Poor are employed, and maintained; -but of late Years such great Quantities of Woollen Yarn have been imported from Ireland, that, by means thereof, the said working Poor are almost ruined, for want of Employment, and are likely to come to the Parish; which will also render the Petitioners unable to relieve them, and pay tiheir Taxes: And praying that the House will take such effectual Methods, as may prevent the Importation of the said Irish Yarn, or put such a Duty upon it, as may prevent the Decay ot Trade, and the utter Ruin of so many poor Families.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition H

be referred (0 the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, on the behalfof themselves, and many Thousands of the Citizens of the said City, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was re- Committee ferred to search Precedents, in relation to the Message »|l'recedeiu» from the Lords, the 25th lnstant (having not made a dllcharfeed-Report) be discharged from further Proceedings.

Ordered, That Sir Samuel Macklellan, Mr. Dug all given

Stewart, and Mr. Cockran Kilmarnock, have Leave (if attend’'* yu:

they think fit) to appear at the House of Lords, for the’ Lords. *ii»

Purposes mentioned in their Lordships Message to this I

House the 25th lnstant. ‘

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them therewith.

Ordered, That the Lord William Pow/ett do carry the said Message.

!u

Post

fcB

Mr. Watfotireported from the Committee, to whom Address ad-

it was referred to draw up an Address, upon their Resolu- Y'fm8 ^u*n tion of the 25th lnstant, to be presented to her Majesty; 10 m<irry’ _ that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at tho " Clerk’s Table; where the same was twice read, and is as followeth, viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, being truly and deeply sensible of the many and great Blelfings we have enjoyed, during the whole Course of your Majesty’s most glorious Reign, do most humbly conceive, we should be unexcufably wanting to ourselves, and the whole Kingdom, if we should neglect to use our most zealous Endeavours, that those Bleflmgs may be derived down to future Ages; and therefore, with Hearts full of the most profound Respect and Duty to your royal Person, we most humbly beseech your Majesty, graciously to consider the universal Desires, and most humble Supplications, of your faithful Subjects, that your Majesty would not so far indulge your just Grief, as to decline the Thoughts of a second Marriage.

This would be an unspeakable Joy to your People, who would join their most fervent Prayers to Almighty God, to bless your Majesty with royal Hue; all of them concurring in this Opinion, that no greater Happiness can be desired for your Kingdoms, than that they, and their Children, may long continue under the gentle and gracious Government of your Majesty, and your Posterity.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the said Address.

Ordered, That Mr. Watson do carry the Address to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House proceeded in the further Consideration of Dumfries, the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Dumfrieze. &c. EUition-

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in, and heard; and (ome more Witnesses were examined on the behalf of the Petitioner.

And then the Counsel, and WitnessTes, withdrew.

Mr. Watson reported to the House, that he had (ac- Address Cording to Order) carried their Address to the Lords; 'arr, cd 10 and left the same with their Lordships. ' or s-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlicot and Message that Mr. Fel/owes: Lords agree

Mr. Speaker, to it.:

The Lords have agreed to the Address of this House, with only one Amendment, by infercing "Lords Spiritual " and Temporal, and

Also,

km

Us,

k

Vnir

7 Ann.

37° — 28°

Nat.

Dumfreise, Icc. Ele&on.

73

Ladjr Duffin’ Acto, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act referred to the Committee, to Whom the Petition of the for naturalizing CkarhttaCbri/h'ana Lady Duffus-, to Mayor, Aldermen, Common-council, and of the Mer-vthioh they desire the Concurrence of this House, chants and Traders, of the City of on the behalf of

And then the Messengers withdrew. themselves, and many Thousands of the Citizens of the

laid City, and others, employed in the Woollen Manu-Resolved’ That William JtknJloun, Esquire, is duly features within the said City, and Places adjacent, is elected a Commissioner, to lerve in this present Parlia- referred, ment for the Buigb of Dvmfreize.

A Petition of the Mayor and Bureefles of the ancient A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycott and Corporation of Camelford, in the County of Corniaati, Mr. FeUowei: and of the Gentlemen, and substantial Inhabitants, of the

Mr. Speaker, _ Places adjacent, in the behalf of themselves, and many

We are commanded to acquaint this House, that her Thousand of others, employed in working of the Woollen Majestyhath appointed between Seven and Eight a Clock Manufactures within the said Corporation, and Places Tomorrow, in the Evening, to be attended at $/. adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting Jams’*, with the Address of both Housesj and that, in forth, that the Spinning Part of the Woollen Manu-respect to her Majesty’s present Circumstances, their Lord- factures is Two-thirds of the whole Labour, and many - ships have ordered the Lord Chancellor only to attend Hundred Families thereaboutsarewhollyemployed there-her Majesty, on the Part of their House ' - ~ r "T n J

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker only do

Importing Irish Yarn.

The Queen appoints to I. attended.

attend

Majesty at that Time, on the Part of this House.

her

in; but of late Years such vast Quantities of Worsted and Woollen Ob Yarn, wrought and spun in Ireland, have been brought to the Markets here (where the Petitioners use to fell their Goods) that the said poor People

African

tYadc.

here are very much impoverished thereby, that they are Mr. Pulieney, from the Commissioners of Trade and likely to become burthensome to their respective Parishes. Plantations, presented to the House, their Answer to the And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House Order of the aoth of January Instant, requiring a State shall think fit.

of the African Trade.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said State be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company is referred

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, on the behalfof themselves, and many Thousands of the Citizens

Improving the Uniuo.

Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

A Petition «f the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, Deputy Lieutenants, Gentlemen, Merchants, and

Coll of the House.

The said State is bound up with the other Papers of of the said City, and others, employed in the Woollen this Session. ‘ ‘’T"

Rejdvtd, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of the Speech of the Lords Commissioners for opening, and holding, this present other Traders, of the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent. Parliament, which relates to the Improvement of the was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. Union. that the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture, whereby

this City chiefly subsists, is carried on almost wholly by Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned the Use of Wool; and to that End great Quantities until I'hurfday Morning next; and that the same do then of it have been imported thither, and wrought up, more proceed, and nothing to intervene. than in all the Staple Ports of England betides; but the

laid Trade is much decayed, since the Importation thereof And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow hath been confined only to the Northern Ports, because.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Januarii;

Anno 7* Anna; Regina;, 1708.

those Ports being remote from Exon, and the Roads leading thither almost unpayable in Winter, those Wools are not only damaged by such Land Carriage, but rendered much more chargeable: And praying, that the Port of Exeter may receive Wool from Ireland, as formerly.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

Prayjrs.

Lady Duffiis’ A N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Nat. ±\ for naturalizing Charlottes Christiana Lady Duffus, Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, on the

was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importing Irish Yarn.

behalfof themselves, and many Thousands of the Citizens of the said City, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and of the Clothiers, and other Traders, of the Town

A Petition of the Mayor, Matters, and Burgesses, and others, the principal Inhabitants of her Majesty’s ancient Borough, Manor, and Parish, of Bradnich, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that great Numbers of their poor People, of Great in the County of Devon, in the be-

and in their Neighbourhood, are solely supplied and half of themselves, and many Hundreds of the said Town, maintained by the working, combing, and spinning, and Places adjacent, employed in the Woollen Manu-of Wool: That of late such great Quantities of Irijlt failures, was presented to the House, and read; setting wrought Worsted Yarn have been imported into this forth, that by reason of the Importation of Irijlt Worsted Kingdom, which can be afforded much cheaper, than Yarn (which can be fold £.20 perCent. cheaper than EngEfisWorfted, that thereby the said poor Peopleare out English Yarn) the poor Combers, and Spinners, in Parts of Employment, and become chargeable to their respect abouc the Petitioners, whose whole Support depends tive Parishes; and the Laws, already made, are not suffi- thereon, are out of Employ, and must be undone: That cient for their Relief; so that in some short time the there being no Duty on Irish Worsted Yarn, the same is whole Trade of the Woollen Manufacture, as to what the entered under the Denomination of Bay Yarn; and, if this Poor depend on (Weaving excepted) will be removed Mischiefbe not speedily prevented, Ireland will have the from England to Ireland, unless timely prevented: And chief Trade in the Woollen Manufactures from those praying Relief in the Premises. Parts: And praying, that the House will take the Pre-

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be mises into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Vo l. 16, T Ordered,

Ditto.

Ditto.

Debtors

Petition,

Frauds in Stamp Duties,

74

2 8®: — 2 9* Januarii. A. 1708.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1709, was be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of committed, the Amendments, which they had made to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the the Bill, and directed him to report to the House -, and Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, on the which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand Citizens of the at the Clerk’s Table.

said City, and others, employed in the Woollen Manu- Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said fadures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is Report be adjourned until Morning next

referred.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors, Prisoners in her Majesty’s Gaol the Cattle of , was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, that they are many in Number, and most of them imprisoned through vexatious Suits, and Attorneys extravagant Fees; and others of good Education; so that few or none of them (were they at Liberty) but could keep themselves, if not their Families, who are now kept by their Parishes: That many of the Petitioners are so distempered, by nauseous Smells of the Gaol, and for want of Necessaries to support Nature, that their Conditions are very deplorable: And praying the House to relieve them from their miserable Imprisonment, by some Ad of Grace, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Ease of insolvent Debtors, shall be brought in.

Mr. PoeklingtOH presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for redrelfing, and preventing, several Frauds and Pradiccs, relating to her Majesty’s Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Pleas at Westminster; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Ways and

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Improving Committee of the whole House, to take into Considera- the Uni0D' tion that Part of the Speech of the Lords Commissioners for opening, and holding, this present Parliament, which relates to the Improvement of the Union.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Jekill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Jekill reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Hen. Trelawney, Sir IVm. Hodges, Kennet Mr. Rudge, Mr. Coward, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Gape, be added Navigation, to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

la

fai?

Ik#

Inde.

Kennet A Petition of the Land-owners, and other Proprietors Navigation, of Mills, Messuages, Lands,- and Hereditaments, adjoining to or near the River of Kennett, between Reading and Newberry, in the County of Berks, and in Reading aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the proposed Design of making the said River navigable between Reading and Newberry, will be of ill Consequence, and rather a Prejudice, than Advantage, to the Publick, and will much lessen the Employment of the Poor, and not answer the Ends proposed: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the Bill, depending in the House, for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, is committed.

African A Petition of the Gun-makers, Cutlers, and Powder-Trade. makers, inhabiting in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and their Families, have been very much supported by Sale of their Goods, usually exported by the Royal African Company; which Trade, from the late great Difficulties the Company have met with under the present Settlement, has very much declined, and is in danger of being loft to the Nation, to the Prejudice of the Publick, and utter Ruin of many of the Petitioners: And praying, that the Traffick of the Royal African Company to Africa may be preserved, and encouraged, by such Means, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The Orders of the Day being read j Supply Bill; Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Mult Duties. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, 84

Sabbati, 290 die;

Anno 7® Ann* Regina:, 1708.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor and Burgesses of the importing ancient Corporation of Bodmyn, in the County of Irish Yarn, Cornwall, and the Gentlemen, and substantial Inhabitants, of the Places adjacent, on the behalf of chemfdves, and many Thousands of others, employed in working of the Woollen Manufactures within the said Corporation, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that the Support and Maintenance of their Poor depends on the Woollen Manufactures, especially on the Spinning Part, which is Two-thirds of the Whole: That of late such vast Quantities of Worsted and Woollen Ob Yarn have been brought from Ireland, and sold at the Markets, where the Petitioners used to fell theirs, that the poor Spinners, and Wool-combers, are thereby impoverished, for want of Employment, and mult inevitably be kept by their respective Parishes, unless speedily relieved: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Exon, and of the Merchants, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, in the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, and Kennett Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, assembled at the General Navigation, Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the County of Wilts the nth Day of January, 1708, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the River Kennett, in Berks, is capable of being made navigable from Reading to Newberry; which will be of publick Advantage, and tend very much to the Improvement of Trade, the Preservation of the Highways, and Increase of Water-men: And praying, that a Bill may pass, for making the

7 Ann. 29°

laid River Kemet navigable from Routing to Newberry, may be continued fire to all the Subjects of

in the County of Berks. Great Britain,

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition , That the Confederation of the said Petition be

be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are committed. to consider of the Trade to Africa.

K<oa«tt A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Freemen, and A Petition of the Merchants of the Burgh of Montroffe African Navigation. Inhabitants, of the Borough of Mar throughf\n the County was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, lrwte* of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting that the Petitfonen are informed, the Royal African forth, that the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is intended Company have, by their Petition to the House, ground-to be brought into this House, for making the River Ken- lessly pretended, that the Trade to cannot be

nett navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County managed with Speeds, without a joint Company’s Stock, of Berks; which (in case the same may be effected) the exclusive of all others; whereby that Trade would be Petitioners conceive will be of publick Advantage, by the monopolized by a few Merchants, and the Petitioners promoting Trade, Increase of Watermen, and Tupplying thereby excluded j which would be contrary to the 4th the Country with Coals, and other Commodities, to the 21A Articles of the Union, whereby it is agreed, that Advancement of her Majesty’s Customs: And praying the Subjects of Britain, shall have full Freedom that a Bill for that purpose may pals into a Law. and Intercourse of Trade, isle, except where it is otherwise

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition exprefily agreed on by the said Articles; And praying, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is that the Trade to may remain open and free to the

committed. Subjects of Great , under such Regulations, as the

House shall think fit.

African A Petition of the Merchants and Planters, separate Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

Trade. Traders to Africa, interested in, and trading to, the be referred to the Committee of the whole who

Plantations of Firginea and Maryland, was presented to are to consider of the Trade to Africa. the House, and read; setting forth, that, since the passing 1

an Act, for settling the Trade to Africa, made in the A Bill to explain the Ait of the First Year of her Buying and 9th Year of his late Majesty King William, whereby the Majesty’s Reign, concerning the buying and selling Cattle felling Cattle. Trade to Africa was laid open to all the Subjects of this in so as to give leave to Persons, using the

Kingdom, that Trade hath been greatly enlarged and Trade of Butchers, to fell Calves, Sheep, and Lambs, improved, to the Benefit of the Merchant, and SatwfaAion dead, to other Butchers, was read a Second time, of the Planters, who are now well supplied with Negroes, Refohcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Denzil which before (when the Royal African Company had the OSir John Guise, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Mr. Trade to themselves) were extremely wanted, which was Hampden, Mr. Lumlcy, Mr. Mr. Baynton, Mr. attended with these evil Confluences; viz. theleffening M Sir Francis Masham, Mr. Monfton, Mr. Lex, the planting of Tobacco, the great Discouragement of Mr. Roberts, Sir Rich. Child, Mr. Mor.son, Mr. Skippon,

Navigation, the Diminution of the Revenue, and a visible Mr. Fane, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Pocklirgton, Mr. -Decrease of the Exports of the Woollen and other British iree> Sir Tho. Frankland, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. John-Manufactures; all which Prejudices were in great measure son* Mr. Ash, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Poulteney,

retrieved by opening the said Trade, though under the Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Topham, Mr.; and all that

great Burthen of Ten per Cent, paid to the said Com- serve for the Counties of Essex, Kent, Surry, and pany, towards maintaining their Forts and Castles, and dlesex And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five maintaining the Trade in general; which £.10per Cent, a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

(if rightly applied) is much more, than is needful for that Purpose; and so fir have the Forts and Castles been a Mr. Peyton, reported from the Committee, to whom Rotherhithe Benefit to the separate Traders, that they avoid coming the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Church, near them, to prevent the Company’s annoying them in Mary, Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and within their Trade: And praying, that they may be relieved the weekly Bills of Mortality, on behalf of themfelees, from the Burthen of Ten per Cent, and the trade to Africa and many others, Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was so continued, as may turn to the Advantage of the referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they British Nation in general. bad directed him to report to the House; and which he

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who Table j where the same was read, and is as followctb; are to consider of the Trade to Africa. viz. [a] *

Dit^ A Petition of divers Shipwrights, Rope-makers, Sail- Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that he did last Answer to makers, Anchor-smiths, and divers other Tradesmen, in Night (pursuant to their Order) attend her Majesty, on Addref*. behalf of themselves, and many others. Inhabitants of the Part of this House, and, with the Lord Chancellor,

London, Wapping, Limehouse, &c. and Places adjacent, employed in Naval Architecture, and Manufactures relating the reunto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since the Act for laying open the Trade to Africa, in 1698, the Number of Ships, employed in that Trade by the separate Traders from the Port of London, hath far exceeded the Number, usually employed by the Royal African Company, when they enjoyed that Trade, exclusive of all others: That the Increase of this Trade hath proved of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and Navigation in general, by fetching home the Productions of our Western Plantations, raised by the abundant Supply of Negroes, brought thither by the separate Traders j but, if the Trade to Africa be confined to a Company, exclusive of all others, there is great Reason to fear, it will tend to the Decrease of the African and American Navigation: And praying, that the Trade to

presented to her Majesty, the Address of both Houses; and that her Majesty was pleased to give this very gracious Answer:

THE frequent Marks of Duty and Affcction to my Person and Government, which I receive from both Houses of Parliament, must needs be very acceptable to me.

the Provision I have made for the ProtestantSuccession, will always be a Proof, how much I have at my Heart the future Happiness of the Kingdom.

The Subject of this Address is of such a Nature, that I am persuaded you do not expect a particular Answer.

Resolved, That an bumble Address be presented to her Thanks on Majesty, returning the Thanks of this House for her Answer. Majesty’s most gracious Answer.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her

[a] A Blank is here left in the Journal for the Entry of this Report, which, as appears from the printed Volfs, was ordered to lie upon the T able, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Vol. 16. Majesty

Woollen

Cloth

M&nufafyux*

Members

summoned.

Improving the Union.

Orford

Election,

j6

Majesty by &ch Members of this House as am of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Manufe&we of the broad Woollen Cloth, in relation to the Lengths arid'Breadths, and what may be otheryrays advantageous to that Manufacture; and that Mr. Lowther, Mr. Momtagpit, and the Lord Wm. Powlett, do prepare, and bringin, the Bill.

A. 1708.

The House divided The Noes go forth:

Tell^for theNcs.^-^-. j.So.

So it palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought: in accordingly

29* Jmuarii.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and the Courts there, and

Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

Sir Joseph Jekyll (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of that Part of the SpeecI} of the Lords Commissioners for opening, and holding, this present Parliament, which relates to the Improvement of the Union, the Rdblution, they had directed him to report to- the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws, relating to high Treason, be the feme throughout the whole Kingdom.

The feid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Laws, relating to high Treason, be the feme throughout the whplc Kingdom.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to prepare the said Bill;

And it is referred to Sir J Jekyll, Mr. Sir

David Da/rymple, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Shaw, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hampden, Sir fVm, Drake, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Foot, Sic Tko. Powys, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Mr. Poultney, Mr. Harley, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Peter

King, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Vicechamberlain, Lord Powlet, Sir John Howies, Sir Tho.

Hanmer, Mr. Topham, Sir Godfrey , Mr.

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Monffon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Cowper: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk.

And the Council were called in.

And the Petition of William Esquire, re-

lating to the said Election, and Return, for the said Borough, was read.

And the Counsel on both Sides, were heard, as to the Right of Election for the said Borough:

And being withdrawn;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Orford, is in the Mayor, Portmen, Capital Burgesses, and Freemen, not receiving any Alms, or Charity.

And the Counsel were called in again, and by Mr. Speaker acquainted with the said Resolution.

And then the Petitioner’s Counsel were heard, and several Witnesses examined on his Behalf.

And the Counsel and Witnesses being withdrawn;

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn until Tuesday Morning next, Nine a Clock;

( Then the Counsel were called in, and heard; and several Witnesses examined on both Sides.

And a Book being produced, on the Part of the Sitting Members, as a Book of the Corporation, beginning in the Year 1693 (called the white Book; to prove several Persons, who had voted for them, to be Freemen; which Book being-objected to by the Petitioner’s Counsel; the Counsel, and Witnesses, withdrew; and were afterwards called in again; and Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, acquainted them, that the House were of Opinion, that the said Book should be given in Evidence as to Freemen, made after August, 1704.

Then the Counsel were further heard, and withdrawn. And a Motion being made, That the Counsel be admitted (by living Witnesses) to give Evidence as to Freemen, entered in the white Book before August, 1704;,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out " 1704," in order to

bringin "Michaelmas, 1703."

And the Question being put. That " , x 704,"

stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative [«].

Then the main Question being put. That the Counsel be admitted (by living Witnesses) to give Evidence as to Freemen, entered in the white Book before , 1704; It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being pnt. That the further Consideration of the Merits of the said Election be adjourned until 'tuesday Morning next > The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Te.^for.h.Y}-

Tellers for the Noes|^Cj,^; «’"*" },68.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and heard; and several Witnesses examined on both Sides.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn; Resolved, That Clement Corrance, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Sir Edward Turner is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Borough of Orford;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

TcUersforthcYcss,^.

for the Noes, J.<a

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That William Thompson, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Borough of Orford;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for he Ye^ , }.34-

Tellers for the Noes,^' Campion': } 8°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

[a] H appears, both from the Clerk’s Minute-Book, and the subsequent Entry in the Journal, that this Amendment, proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out " August, 1704," was disagreed to, and not (as here Hated in the Journal) that the Question, That " August, " 1704," stand Part of the Question, passed in the Negative; for those Words were part of the.maiu Question, when put.

Ordered,

Candles.

Dr-P

:.w l

inesj 'ill, 61

feu

7 Ann.

290 Januarii. — 1° Februarii.

77

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this of its Navigation, and Revenue: That the former Mif-House upon Tuesday Morning next, to amend the Return chiefs, of being ill supplied with Negroes, and of being for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, by obliged to buy them but of one Seller only for the Afri-rafing out the Name of Sir Edward Turner, Knight, and can Company, and to fell most of the Plantation Com-inserting the Name of William Thompson, Esquire, in Read modifies to the same Buyer, at what Price he pleases,

thereof. have been (by opening the said Trade) wholly prevented;

and, if the said Company should again obtain that Trade exclusive of all others, under the groundlels Suggestions of their Petition to the House, the Petitioners have reason to fear all the Mifebiefs of a Monopoly, the Ruin of the said Wand, the Loss of the Trade,

and the Dccrease of Navigation: That the£. 10.

Duty puts the Petitioners on an unequal Foot of Trade with other Nations, who are thereby enabled to undersell the separate Traders, even in our Woollen Manufac-

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Disposition of Mr. Bridges acquainted the House, that he was com*

Money for manded by her Majesty to lay before them (pursuant to their Address for that Purpose)

Spain, &c. An Account of the Sum of Five hundred thousand

African/

Trade.

Mart is, I die Februarii;

Anno 7* Ann* Regin*, 1708.

Prayers.

Dr. Pelling fflRDERED, That the Thanks of this House be tures> wcIt as all other Goods, usually vended in Africa:

thanked. W given to Dotfor Pelling, for the excellent Sermon by And praying, that the Trade to Africa may be continued him preached before this House Yesterday at St. Mar. free and open to all the Subjedb of Great Britain, dtf-gartt'sIVefminster , and that he be desired to print the charged from such Part of the £. 10. per Cent. Duty, as fame; and that Sir Thomas Hatuner and Mr. Bromley the House shall think fit.

icQUHint him therewith* Ordered^ Thst the Considercition of tncniicj Petition be

referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Planters, and Inhabitants, of her Majesty’s Island and Colony of Nevis, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Royal African Pounds, given the last Parliament, for the Augmentation Company having, by their Petition, represented, that the of her Majesty’s Forces, in order to strengtben the Army Trade to Guinea was attended with such Difficulties, as of the Duke of Savoy, for making good the Alliances occasioned the Advance of the Price of Negroes, and with the King of Portugal, and for the effectual carrying 0(her Hardships, whereby the Trade is in danger of

on the War, for Recovery of the Spanish Monarchy to fajiing into ihe Hands of other; that the Pe-

the House of Austria; as also, titioners are deeply concerned in this Trade, the constant An Account of the Application of the Moneys, given Supply of Negroes, at moderate Prices, being the chief the last Parliament, for maintaining her Majesty’s efta- Support of their Colony wherewith they have not been fuf-blished Forces in Spain and Portugal, for the Service of ficjcntly supplied for several Years pall, neither by the said the Year 1708; and likewise. Company, nor the separate Traders, both together having

An Account of the Remittances of Moneys for the not imported above 200 per Annum, and those sold at said Services. extravagant Prices, from 30 to £.40 per Head, to the

And he presented the feme to the House accordingly, unspeakable Discouragement of the Petitioners, the Ruin And the Titles thereof were read. of the Plantation Trade, and lessening her Majesty’s Re-

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, venues, and the Navigation of Great Britain: And pray-to be perused by the Members of the House. ing, that the British Interest on the Coast of may

The saidI Accounts are^itched togethci\and are bound be effectually preserved, and the Trade put on such a

°Foot, that a sufficient Number of Negroes may be had at moderate Prices.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Dyers, Packers, Setters, Drawers, Pitto. and Calenders, inhabiting in and about , was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and their Families, have been very much supported by the working, and fitting for Sale, the Woollen Manufactures, usually exported in great Quan-

Africath

Trade/

up with the other Papers of this Session

A Petit ion of the Merchants of Edenburgh was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Royal African Company of England having, by their Petition to tliisHoulefunderdivers wrong Pretences) fug-gefted, that the Trade to Africa cannot be duly managed, but with a joint Company's Stock, exclusive of all others; the Petitioners conceive, the feme would be contrary' to the Articles of Union, particularly the 4th

and aift Articles, whereby it is stipulated, that all the

SubicCh of Great Britain shall have free Intercourse of

Trade and Navigation, and a Communication of all other "t,es bY the Royal Company; which Trade (from

Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, belonging to the the great Difficulties the Company has met with under Subjnfts of cither Kingdom, except where it is otherwise Prc^ent Settlement) is very much declined, and is in expressly agreed in the said Articles: And praying, that danger of being loft to the Nation; which will prove the Trade to Africa may not be confined to a Monopoly velT prejudicial to the Publick, and the utter Ruin of under a joint Stock, but that it may remain open and t b e Petitioners: And praying, that the Traffick

of the African Company may be preservd, and encouraged, by such Means, as the House shall judge fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who

free to all the Subjects of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants and Planters, separate are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Traders to Africa, in behalf of themselves, and divers

others, interested in, and trading to, the Island of fa- Mr- acquainted the House, that he was com- state of

maica, was presented to the House, and read; setting mancJed by her Majesty to lay before the House (pursu- Forcesm forth, that, since ti e laying open the Trade to Africa, ant to their Address for that Purpose) *c

in the Year 1698, the island of Jamaica hath been much State of the Forces of her Majesty, and her Allies, better supplied with Negroes by the feoarate Traders to f®tv, ng in the last Year, with an Account of the Africa, than at any time before by the Royal African effedhve Numbers, at their Return into Winter Quarters Company, and the Prices so moderate, and the Markets after the Service of the last Campaign; as also, lb overstocked, that many Ships Loads of them have been . A Sta.tc of her Majesty’s Forces, provided for by Par-yearly exported again, and sold to the Spaniards foe Iiam.cnt in the Eftunate for Spain and Portugal, for the ~ ' ' Service of the Year 1708.

And he presented the feme to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read*

And the said States are as follow:

Gold and Silver: That the beneficial Increase of this Trade hath proved of infinite Advantage to the said Island, by means of a very great Increase of its Productions, as also to Great Britain, in the Improvement Vo l. 16.

U

A STATE

Go.

A ST ATE of the Forces of her Majesty, and her Allies, serving in the lad Year, with an Account of the endive Numbers, at their Return into Winter Quarters after the Service of the lad Campaign.

Foot

Horse and Dragoons.

Three Imperial Regiments -

One Milanese Regiment, commanded by Count Tass -

Ten Spani/k Regiments -

Seven English Regiments -

Palatines -

/ One Regiment of Grisons, arrived from Italy -

Total of the Foot in her Majesty’s Pay More Palatines -

Four Regiments of Dutch -

Five Regiments of Portuguese -

Total of the Foot - -

'One Imperial Regiment of Dragoons, commanded by Count Herbeville Six Spani/k Regiments of Horse -

Four English Regiments, One of Horse, and Three of Dragoons

S Total of the Horse in her Majesty’s Pay

Seven Portuguese Regiments of Horse -

Three Dutch Regiments of Horse -

Four Palatine Regiments of Dragoons -

Total of the Horse and Dragoons

Total of the Horse and Foot in her Majesty’s Pay Total of Horse and Foot of her Majesty’s Allies -

Effective

Numbers.

4»4*i

1,001

4»9*4

5»°*3

1,300

780

*7*4*9 1,0a 1

*.43*

*.9*5

21,856

925

2»544

*,474

4,943

3.405

*.®79

1,067

10,494

Numbers according to the Etta-blishment.

6,000

1,200

8,54®

5.8*3

1,300

780

23>633

4,844

3»°°5

3,330

34,8*2

1,000

3.858

2,039

6,897

3,708

*,23*

1,200

3»°3

22,43*

9»9*8

32,35°

R. Walpole.

A STATE of her Majesty’s Forces, provided for by Parliament in the Edimate for Spain and Portugal, for the Service of the Year 1708.

These Regiments are now on Service in Spain.

The Regiment of Horse, and the Three Regiments of Dragoons, are complete: The Seven of Foot were com-, plete most Part of the lad Year, but now, by Computa-' tion, want 800 Men ....

Regiments.

Numbers

Horse.

Dragoons.

Foot.

These Regiments were on Service in Spain, but re- f (Dragoons duced at several times the lad Year, and incorporated 11 into other Regiments, and the Officers sent home again, \ I

WrKroit..... ‘ 'I Foot

These Regiments are now in Service in Portugal, and, } by Computation, at the End of the Campaign wanted > 500 Men -

These Regiments were discontinued, and the Pay of the private JMen applied towards the Support of the Prisoners in France -,but has not been sufficient to 1 answer that Service -

These Four Regiments were put on the Establishment' of Guards and Garrisons, and the Regiments of Farrington, Livefay, Johnson, and Tow were sent to OJlend in their room -

These Three Regiments were sent to Offend, under the Command of General Erie

These Two Regiments were raised in Portugal at the 1 Beginning of Augustlad- - - - - . J

Foot.

Foot. '

Foot.

Foot.

Major General Harvey

S Royal -Brigadier Pepper Comte Nassau -

C Colonel Harrison I Lord Mordaunt

Brigadier Wade / Brigadier Elliott

Colonel Watkins Sir Cha. Hotham Colonel Sibourg V Brigadier Pearce (Marquis de G

f Earl of Portmore's

j Royal Fuzileers I Lieutenant General J Colonel Hill's -C Colonel BloJJ'ett’s

{Brigadier Pearce’s Earl of Barrymore Brigadier Newton's -Lord Pafion's -Brigadier Sankey’s -. Colonel Stanwix’s

Colonel Alnut's Marquis de Montandre’s -Colonel Breton’s 1 Colonel de Magny's -Brigadier Wight man's J Major General Gorge’s \ Lord Mountjoy’s I. Lord Mark Kerr’s -

I Colonel Dormer’s Brigadier Macartty's Colonel Caulfield’ -

Dragoons. Earl of Galwaye’s -Foot. Major General Carle's

R. Walpole.

418

- 589

- 443

- 589

- 834

- «7*

- 876

- 834

- 834

- 834

- 725

- 5*9

- 761

- 87$

- 834

- 876

- 876

- 725

- 725

- 876

- 7Z5

- 834

- 725

- 725

- 834

- *34

- 834

- 725

- 876

- 876

- 876

725

- 834

- 876

834

27,123

- 589

7*5

[ti«f

fsal

t

1

r<

b

il

Ir

Cl

A

th

jd

b?

if

01

th

Yi

by

Ca

be:

11

k

tb«

Cc

COl

Ct

Gc

ft

C

[1.

7 Ann. r# Februarii 79

Ordered, That the said Statu do lie opoa the Table, commanded by her Majesty (porfuant to an Older of her $, Arena* to be perused by the Member* of the Heuse. Majesty, and Council) to lay before dii* House, A Re- Netkaad*.

port of the Loud High Treasurer, made upon an Addrest Ghnuphatia E«H of A Petition of Dame Elizabeth Mmworing, Widowr, to her Majesty, the iSth Day of Marti, tjo6, relating

Plymouth'* and Sir Tit. Mamoaring, Baronet, her Son, and Heir to the Losses of the People of the Mauds of Nevis and apparent, was presented to the House, and read; letting Cftriftoffers.

forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, to vert And he presented the same to the House accordingly,

the Estates, which came to the Right honourable Other And the Title thereof wae read.

Earl of Plimouth, by his Mother, in Trustees, and their Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Tablet

Heirs, to fell, for railing Money to pay off Moneys, to be perused by the Members of the House,

charged upon his paternal Estate, and to enable him to And the Report is as followeth i viz.

cut Coppices, and to grant Leases of the Estates of him

the said Earl, and Countess of Plimouth, his Wife, in May it please your Majesty t

Cheshire and Flintjhin: That the Petitioners are advised, I N Obedience to your Command, signified in the act-they are entitled to divers of the Lands, intended to be nexed Order of Council, I have considered of the fevreai loid by the said Bill, by virtue of the Will of Colonel Matters, thereby referred to me, and do most humbly Roger Whitley, deceased: And praying, that they may report to your Majesty,

be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the That, pursuant to an Address of the House of Corn-lame do pass this House. morn, made to your Majesty in March, 17 fa Copy

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition whereof is hereunto annexed) your Majesty did appoint be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Commissioners, to enquire into the Losses of die People committed. of the Islands of Nevis and St. Christophers \ and by the

Return of the said Commissioners, which I have caused Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that be was to be inspected into, it appears,

That the Losses of the Inhabitants of Nevis fexclusive of what sustained 1 £. s. eL

by the Commissioners themselves, which were directed by your Majesty's Com- > 206,743 12 af million to be fluted apart) amount to ----- -J

And by the Commissioners for Nevis, to ----- 12,961 t 8

Out of which to be abated for Plunder, which the Enemy lcattered in going off -

The rest is - ....

By the Inhabitants of St. Christophers ——

And by the Commissioners for that Mand -

219.705 8 IO|

} *.575 7 3

123,93* *4 3

13.209 6 nf

218,130

137,2a 1

In all

- I- 355»351

1 7* 1 a*

" H

a 10

And I doalfo most humbly represent to your Majesty, That about July, 1706, your Majesty, taking into Consideration the distressed Condition of the said Inhabitants, was graciously pleased to direct, that Five French Prizes, then newly brought into Ireland, laden with Provisions, should be font for the Relief of the said (Hands j and, by your Majesty’s Order, the Commissioners for Victualling have also sent thither 4.00 Barrels of Flour, and contracted for 2,000 Barrels of Beef, and 400 Barrels of Pork, amounting in value to £.9,195. i6r. 1

betides the extraordinary Charge of Ordnance Stores for those Islands, and the Expences your Majesty has defrayed out of the Civil List Funds, relating to the Execution of your Majesty’s said Commission of Enquiry: All which I do most humbly propose may be laid before the House of Commons, in such manner, as your Majesty shall be pleased to direct, being what was desired by their said Address to Have been cion# the last Session, if the Return from the said Commissioners had been made soon enough for that Purpose.

And as to the Petition of Mr. praying,

that the Losses he sustained at St. in the

Year 1689, may be considered in like Manner, as those by the French Invasion in 1705 I do not conceive his same is within the Intent of the said Address, to be laid before the House; but, if your Majesty shall so please,

I have no other Objection thereunto, especially since your Majesty’s Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, by their Report, annexed to your Majesty’s said Order of Council, are of Opinion, that his Allegations and Accounts are true, and that be is a Person of a very good Character, and zealous and affectionate to your Majesty’s Government.

All which is most humbly submitted to your Majesty’s great Wisdom.

Whitehall, Treasury 1 Chambers, 17 Ja- > Godolphin,

nuary, 1708. J

V®l. 16.

At the Court at Kensington, the 18th 1708*

PRESENT,

The Queen’s most excellent Majesty in Council.

A Return having been this Day presented to the Board, from her Majesty’s Commissioners, appointed for enquiring into the Losses, sustained by the Inhabitants of Nevis and St-. Christopher's in America, when the French invaded the said Islands in March 1705; and there being fokowife read at the Board a Report from the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, upon the Petition of Stephen Duport, of St. Planter, relating to the great Losses he has sustained there, Which the Petitioner humbly prays, may be considered in the same Manner, as is intended to those, who suffered there in the late Invasion; it is ordered by her Majesty, in bet Privy Council, that the said Returns, and Repo/T of the Commissioner* of Trade, which are hereunto annexed, be, and they are hereby, referred to the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer, to consider the fame, and to report, what his Lofdship conceives, her Majesty may fitly do therein.

Chris. Musgrave.

Whitehall, March the 19th, 170#.

My Lord,

According to your Lordship’s Delire, of the 18th of the last Month, we have considered the Petition of Mr. Stephen Duport, and find his same to be, as follows: That the said Duport was possessed, in his Wife’s and his own Right, of Two Plantations in the £ng//Jh Part of the Eland of St. Christofher’s:That in the Year 1089,

when the French, under the Command of the Count ae Blenac, took the said Island, Mrs. Duport, in Consideration of a Present of £. 300. given to the said Count de Blenac, was permitted (as some other English were) quietly to remain upon, and enjoy the said Plantations, during the Time the Enemy had Possession of the said Eland.

That

1

i So

i° Februarii. 1708.

Sufferers at . That in the Year 1690 the said Island was recovered Sterling, and the Possession of his Plantation, after having Neri* and St. from, the French by the English Forces under the Com- been several Years dispossessed thereof.

Chrifiopliers. of Colonel Codrington, and the Petitioner dispos- This being the State of his same in 1698, he then

sessed of his said Plantations, Negroes, Horses, Cattle, made fresh Application to his late Majesty, by Petition, Houses, Coppers, MiHs, Effects, and Goods, to the Va- for a Consideration for his great Losses; which Petition lue of above £. 10,000 Sterling, according to the Efti- was, by his said Majesty’s Order in Council, of the 16th mate hereunto annexed 1 which Estimate, with the Cer- of July, 1698, referred to the Consideration of this Board; tificate under-written, was delivered in the Year 1698 to at which Time the foregoing Fadts were made out; but the then Commissioners of this Board. the said being then obliged suddenly to return to

That, upon the Petitioner’s applying to his late Ma- the Leeward Islands, upon Information (as is alleged in jesty, he obtained an Order of Council, of the 26th of his present Petition) that Colonel Codrington had offered January, 169^, whereby he was permitted to enjoy the to give his Plantations away, there were no further Pro-fame Benefit, in reference to the Recovery of his Negroes, ceedings in that Matter.

Idc. in the Leeward Caribbee Islands, as other their Ma- We have reason to believe, from the Character we have jesties Subjects there. of the Petitioner, and from the Knowledge we have of

This Order proving ineffcdiual, the Petitioner applied him, that the Allegation in his Petition (of his having again to her late Majesty Queen Mary, setting forth, refused an advantageous Offer, if he would enter into the that Colonel Codrington, then Governor, had not com- Service of the French, in an intended Expedition against plied with the said Order, but obstructed the Execution her Majesty’s Plantations) is true; as also, that he has thereof; and that the said Colonel Codrington had (eized been a very great Sufferer by the late Descent of the for his own Use, and had sent 62 of the Petitioner’s Ne- French on St. and by the dreadful Hurricane,

groes to his own Plantation in Barbadoes, besides Four or that happened there in August last.

Five more, which he had bought of the Commissioners . We must further observe to your Lordship, that he for Pillage: Whereupon her Majesty was pleased to has now acquainted us, that in that Estimate of his grant, and sign, another Order, dated the 12th of May, Losses, which he delivered to this Board in 1698, and 1694, directing the said Colonel Codrington to permit the which is hereunto annexed, he had omitted to inlert the Petitioner, or such as he should appoint, to enter upon, Sugar Canes, and Provisions, in great Quantities growing and enjoy, his said Plantations, as in his former Right; upon his Plantations, and Sugars loft in the Bay, when as also to permit, and enable him to demand, from any the War broke out, to the Value of about 1,500. Person, any Negroes, Coppers, Horses, Cattle, Household This is the State of the Petitioner’s Cafe, as it has been Goods, or other Things, which were belonging to, and in . made out to us; from whence it appears, that he has Possession of, the said Stephen Duport at the Time, when been a very great Sufferer, even to the almost utter Ruin the Island of St. Christophers was retaken by the English, of himself and Family: And we must take Notice to your to which such Persons had not any Right or Title from Lordship, that he has been for many Years known to this the Council of War, or Commissioners of Pillage, for Board, and in his frequent Attendance on it, as Agent that Island. The like Orders were sent to the other for St. Christophers, has, on all Occasions, appeared very Governors in America. zealous for her Majesty’s Service, and very hearty and

Upon this, the Petitioner sent Letters of Attorney to affectionate to her Majesty’s Government, his Agents in the Leeward Islands, Barbadoes, Carolina, We are therefore of Opinion, that he is a fit Object of rand Virginea, where he heard, that several of his Negroes, her Majesty’s Compassion and Favour, in such Manner, and otherEffedts, had been carried; but his Proceedings as her Majesty shall think fit. We are, my Lord, herein proved also ineffectual; for he only recovered Two Your Lordship’s most humble Servants,

or Three of his Negroes, which a Friend had secured for Stamford, Herbert,

him, with some few Effects, to the Value of about £. 50. Ph. Meadows, J. Pulteney.

Mr. Duport's Estimate of his Losses in the Island of St. Christophers, upon the retaking it by the English.

Journi. C. 142.

£. s. d.

600 Acres of good manuable Land, at 1,000 Pound Sugar, the usual Price, the Sugar at J2s. 6d.\

per Hundred, the set Price....

103 Negroes, whereof ao Tradesmen, at £.50 per Head ----- 1,000 — —

And 83 others, at £.30 per Head - - - 2,490 -

35 Horses, at £.20 per Head, one with another, the most of the Country Breed - 700 -

69 Horned Beasts, at £. 1,000 Sugar per Head, or £.6. 5 r. one with another, near one Half) ___

being drawing Cattle ..... -.....3 431 5

14 9bgar Coppers, including Two great Coolers, which I reckon double, makes 16, weighing, } , ___ __

one with the other, a C. 1 qrs. at is. 6 d. per Pound - -

Two Sugar Works, and Still-house, valued together, although they cost the double, at - 300 — —

Two good Mills, covered with Lead, Spowrs, Csfr. of the fame, with the Rollers, and all UtenQ __ __

fils belonging to the fame, valued at (although they cost much more).....y 200

My Houses, Storehouses, idc. belonging to the House, (although much more) valued only at - 400 -

Three Stills, Worms, Caps, Citterns, (Ac. belonging to the fame, being pretty large, valued at 60 — —

My Household Goods, Bills, Axes, Howes, Nails, Iron-bounds, Still-yards, Three Carts with)

Iron Axletrees, with Hogs, Sheep, £sV. about the House (although undoubtedly worth much / 140 — —

more) only valued at - - - *' - . - -

& £ 10,0075 —

I hereby declare this to be a real, true, and modest Estimate of my Estate on Saint Christophers, when I left that Island, in June, 1689.

London, July the 22a, 1698. Duport.

We do hereby certify, that Mr. Stepb. Duport, late one of the Council in the English Part of St. Christophers, was possessed of a considerable Estate in that Island, which, we conceive, may well amount to the above-mentioned Value.

London, July the 22d, 169$.

Charles M.

D. Berimer,

R. Elringlon.

To

7 Ann.- i° Felruarii. 81

' To the Queen’s most excellent Majesty: Examination, approved an Estimate made of your Peti- Saflferw* at

The humble Petition of StepkenDuport, of St. Christophers, tioner’s said Estate, amounting to £. 10,000, or there- c^Mopbm.

Planter, abouts, in order to his Relief by granting him some p

Sheweth, Edate, that might escheat to the Crown, in the

THAT by an Order of the 16th of January, 169$, Inlands; but your Petitioner’s Occasions pressing hard . signed by the late King William, as also another of the upon him, and hearing, that Colonel Codringtom, out of 1 ath of May, 1694, signed by the late Queen Mary, Spite, threatened to give away his Plantations to other and countersigned by Sir John Trenchard, (hereunto an- Men fas he really offered them) your Petitioner was forced nexed) Colonel Codrington, Governor of the Lteward to leave off his Solicitations, and embark for Amtrica.

Islands, was commanded to fufler your Petitioner (or Your Petitioner most humbly represents to your Ma-such Person, as he Should appoint) to enter upon, and jedy, that, whilff his Estate was unjudly and violently enjoy, the Edate, which he was possessed of, in his own and plundering and destroying, he was taken in his Passage, his Wife’s Right, in St. Christophers, before the War, con- coming from the Leeward Islands to England, after a siding of two large Plantations, with Houses and Build- Sharp Engagement, wherein he was much wounded, and ings thereupon, divers Coppers, Mills, and Utensils, with his only Son had a Leg Shot off, was carried to France,

One hundred and Three Negroes, besides the Cattle, there kept dole Prisoner; where he refused the Corn-Stock, and other Goods, belonging to the fame, amount- mand, that was offered him Some time after, of an in-ing to a considerable Value, which, upon Payment of a tended Expedition against the Plantations, and

large Sum of Money to the French, his Wife, and Agents, other advantageous PropoSals, and made privately his in his AbSence, were permitted quietly to enjoy, whild the Escape into England, being resolved (as a Protedant, and Enemy had Possession of that Island, as wasgranted to such good Subject of this Kingdom) to continue his Zeal, other EnglifltInhabitants, who would remain among them, Stedfadneis, and Fidelity, to the Government,

and of all which he was disposleffed, at the retaking the re- That your Petitioner, and his Tenants, Suffered also of in 1690 by the EngHJh Forces, under the Command of very much by the late Invasion of the French on St. the Said Colonel Codrington; who was further ordered to Chrtftophers, and by the dreadful Hurricane, that hap-aflid your Petitioner in the Recovery of any of his Effects pened there on the 30th of August lad, which has very from such Persons, as were possessed of them j but these near completed both his, and the whole Colony's, en-Two favourable Orders were rendered inefleftual, under tire Ruin.

Pretence, that your Petitioner’s Slaves, (Ac. were sold by Wherefore your Petitioner most humbly prays, your the Commissioners for Pillage (which they had no Right Majesty will be graciously pleated, in Consideration of to, your Petitioner, and all his Family, being Protedants, his great Losses, his condant Zeal and Fidelity, and in Subjects of England,} but, in reality, because the said Compassion to his unfortunate Family, which has fuf-Colonel Codrington was possessed of many of your Peti- fered ever Since, and is in actual real Want, to entitle-him tioner’s Slaves, (sie.so that he could receive no Relief. to partake of your Majesty’s royal Bounty, intended to That your Petitioner having, in the Year 1690, repre- the Inhabitants of St. Christophers and Nevis, who have Tented his deplorable Condition to the late King, his Ma- differed by the late Invasion of the Ftmch: jedy was pleated to refer his Petition to the Lords Com- And your Petitioner Shall ever pray, miSfioners of Trade and Plantations; who, after a drift.

ABSTRACT from the Commissioners, appointed to examine into the Losses, fudained by the Inhabitants, (Ac. of the islands Nevis and St. Christophers, when the French invaded the Said Islands in 1705; and also Account of the Lodes, Sudained by Mr. Stephen Duport, of the said Island of St.; all which are referred to

the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer, by her Majesty’s Order in Council, of the 18th of August 708.

d.

Losses of the Inhabitants, (Ac. of Nevts, exclusive of what was fudained") ,

by the Commissioners themselves ----- - -j 2 2*

Lots of the Commissioners of Nevis, the same being ordered by the Com-} - - 0

mission to be taken apart ----- 8

Total of Nevis Lois ——

Lois of the Inhabitants of St. Christophers, exclusive, (Ac. - 123,931 14 3

Loss of the Commissioners of St. Christophers, (Ac. - *3,289 6 11

Total of 1 Christophers Loss -

Loss of Mr. Stephen Duport, as recommended to her Majesty by the Lords) Commissioners of Trade, in their Report of March lad - - - -j >575

The Whole amounts to - -

N. E. Whereas several Persons in the island of Nevis had Opportunity of getting Part of the! Plunder, as it was scattered by the Enemy in their going off, amounting to the > Sum of - - - - J

Which is to be deducted.

I-

£ s, , d.

219,705 8 10*

137,221 r

5 —

368,433 *5 1

1>575 7 3

366,858 7 10

At the Court at St. James's, the 27th of January, 1708. PRESENT,

The Queen’s most excellent Majesty in Council. UPON reading this Day at the Board, a Report from the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer, relating to the Losses fudained by the Inhabitants of Nevis and St. Chrftophers, when the French invaded those Islands in March, 1705, together with the same of Stephen Duport, of St. Chrftophers, Planter, praying, the Losses, he fudained there in .1689, may be considered in like Manner; it was ordered by her Majesty in Council, that the said Report should be put into the Hands of the Right honourable Mr. Secretary Boyle, in order to his laying V01. 16.

1

the same before the House of Commons, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty in March, 1 jof.

Edward Southwell.

Ordered, That Mr. Rowney, Sir iVilftam Huftler, Mr. Craifersand tlarvey, Mr. Onslow, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Worthy, Convoy*. Mr. Dockminique, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Jo.

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr, Laugbarne, Sir Peter KJng,sSir John Cope, Sir JoJ. Jekyll, fylr. be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred, to examine the Accounts, which have been laid before the House, of what Ships have been employed as Cruiters and) Convoys, over and above the Ships for the Line of Rattle,

X and

God

Sd

i0 — a,0FebrttaW-

A. H7©8-

Leave of Absence.

Orford

Return

amended.

Privilege — a person in custody petitions for Discharge,

and/or Gopypys to/apotc j Parfs;.and jalfo t|ie Debt oiJber Majesty’s Navy* as itjfl;qqd, on the Heads iness-' ‘ tioflcdjn, the fold Kftjimate, the joth of September Kiyqi.

Corfo’t Lof» Ordered, That Mr. Qeyton, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. by Piracy. Mountagu, Mr. Barker, Mr. Sherwin, Mr. Bertie, be added rd the Committee, to whom the Petition of John CorJ'o, a Genoese Merchant, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Jmes JAountague have Leave to go into the; Country /or a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

tJbe Clerk.of the Croiyn attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Orford, jn, the County of Suffolk.

A petition of John Huggins, Esquire, High Bailiff of Westttjinster, committed to the Priifon of Newgate, the i^th Pay of December last, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace into Westminster-Hali, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Mern* jbers th<?re to attend the Service 9/ the House.

And. he went accordingly;

And being returned vyjth the Ma9e>

The, laid( Petition was read; setting forth, that he was very sorry he had incurred the Displeasure of the House, by not tendering the Oath of Abjuration, when required to to do, in the late Election of Citizens, to serve in Parliairyrnt for the City of and aiked Pardon of

‘ the House: And praying their Compassion, that he might be. released from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the Keeper of her Majesty’s Gaol of JJewgate do bring the said Mr. Huggins to the Bar of this ^Hpuw TcKmo^row Morping, in order to his, beiqg dif-J charged. ' "

Committee* Ordered, That all. Committees be revived.

Leave of Ordered, Thar Colonel Egerton have Leave to go into Absence. /the-Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary lOcca-Aons.

i6q.

143.

j159

} *34-

Taxes paid into Exchequer.

Supply.

Newcastle under Line Election.

.Ordered That the Agents for Taxes do lay before this House, an Account, what each Receiver General hath paid into the Exchequer, to this Day, upon the eleventh Four Shillings Aid; and also what Receivers are in Ar-rear upon the ninth and tenth 4*. Aid.

Resolved, Thai this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refaJve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Hqufe proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of under Line, in

the County of Stafford.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition of Crew Offley and John Lawton, Esquires, relating to the said Election, and Return, was read.

And tlje Counsel were heard, and divers Witnesses examined, on both Sides.

- - And the Gounfel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being -put. That Sir Thrnas Bellott, Baronet, deceased, was duly elected a Burgess, to ferye in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newcastle under

It passed in the Negative.

Arid a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Rowland Cotton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said #0-rough of Newcastle wider Line;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Crew Offley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newcastle under Line;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

_ , f . v Chord I

Tellers for the ^SsrEd^ardLam^J* i

XT /Mr. Vice-chamberlain, 7 Tellers for the Nocs,£Mr

So itpyas resolved iq t^e, Affirmative.

(Aqd-a Motion >eipgrm%de, and (the Qutflton being pu.t, thft John L<^/fl«r Esquire,.i5 d.uly-flefted a Burgess, to ferye in this.pfqlj^it;Parliament son the said Borough of Ne^astle undert Life-,

The Hnufe divided:

The Yeas go. forth:

Tdl., for the

Tellers for the Noes);

So j t-was resolved in the Affirmative.

,( Ordered. That the Clerk of the Crown to attend this House To-qiorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, by rating out the Names of Sir Thomas Bellott, Barpnet, and Rowland Qotton, Esquire, and inserting the Names of Crew Offley and John Lawton, Esquires, instead thereof.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being ,put, Tfiat the House do adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Nfoe a Clock;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yea Sf[she j/ord 7>lr. Cosits:

Tellers for the NocsJM\MiJd/eton,

/Sir John U hit wrong:

So it passed in the Negative.

And.a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Candles be brought in;

The House divided:

The Teas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas Mr‘

I Mr. Oglethorpe:

Tellers for the Noes. j^M

So it yvas resolved in the Affirmative.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Mr. ?/-Ham Burslem is guilty of Bribery, and indirect Practices, in order to procure Votes for Sir Tho. Bellott, Baronet, deceased, and Rowland Cotton, Esquire, at the Election of Burgessqs, to ferye in this present Parliament/or the said Borough of Newcastle under Lin.

Ordered, That the said Mr. William Burslem be, for his said Offence, taken ipto the Custody at the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And theq the House adjourned till To-mqrrow Morning, Nine a C-loqk.

87.

98.

97-

70.

4«si

las

Eif*

jk.fr

Vc'jjlil

h&

‘II,

ftdercurii) 2° die Februarii j

Annq 79 AQn? Regjnje, 1708.

Pbayiks.

AN ingrossed Bill for vesting in Trustees the Rever- H.Stafford's

fiori of several Lands and Tenements, expedant on Estate.

Leases for Lives, the Estate of Hugh Stafford, of Pynes, in

the County of Devon, Esquire, to be sold, for Payment of

Debts, and, by discharging his Power of leafing, to secure

other Lands, to cqme into Possession, to his Son, io lieu

thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for vesting in Trustees the Reversion of several

Lands 'and Tenements,' expedant on Leases for Lives,

the Estate of Hugh Stafford, of Pines, in the County of

Devon, Esquire, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and,

by discharging his Power of leafing, to secure other Lands,

to come into Possession, to his Son, in lieu thereof

Ordered,

7 &J*N.

2* Februarii.

»3

Ordered, That ^Mr.TBrtr docarry the Utll to the Lords, the Trade to Africa', to the uttei'Rtiin of the 'Petitioners:

Newcastle Oder Line fteum

IHtytoded,

Export of Sait Provision from Scotland.

and desire theiiCConcurrtnce their® 11 to.

The Clerk of the.’ Crown1 Attended, 'add1 (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Ntwcafilc wider Line, in the County of

And-pray rrig, that the'Traffifck of the said Gompahy to Africa may be preferred,1 add encouraged/ as' the Hohfe (bitl think1 fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration 'Of the said Petition be "referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the TYade to Africa.

A1 Petit Jon Of the Planters, Jtnd Inhabitants Of herMa-

A Petition of the Representatives of the royal Boroughs of-North Britain; -formerly called Scott and, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that by the Eighth jesty’s Wand and Colony Mowttjbrat, was presented to Article of the* Union Act it ir enacted, that alTFfflf ex- the House, and read; setting forth, that the House having ported from Scotland, and cured with foreign Salt only, now under their Consideration the 'Trade to Africa, the shall be allowed the same Premiums, and Drawbacks, as Petitioners represent, that they are deeply affected there-are allowed to Exporters of the like Fish from England, with, the constant Supply Of Negroes, at moderate' Prices, which is 1 or. $‘d. per Barrel, for white Herrings, and also being their chief Support: That they have not, for feve-$s. pet Barrel, for Exportation of Beef and Pork: That ral Years part, been sufficiently supplied with Negroes by the Petitioners have exported divers Quantities of such the Royal 'African Company, and the parnte Traders to-white Herrings, Beef, and Pork, and have demanded gctlier, who have not imported above an'Hurtdred in a Payment of the said for. $d. and $s. per Banril, and also Year, and those fif tolerably good) from 40 to So'per the’ Premiums, Ealcs, and Drawbacks, by the said Act al- Head; which extravagant Pnce tends to the Petitio efs lowed, of the proper Officers of the Customs in Scotland; Discouragtment, the Ruiu of Trade, and lessening her but they have refuled to pay the same, or even to give the Majesty’s Revenue, and Navigation: And praying, that

African

Trade.

Petitioners Debentures for them: And praying such Relief in the Promiles, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken in Consideration upon:this Day Fortnight.

African

Trade.

the British Interest on the Coast of Africa may be preserved, and the Trade pur on such a Foot, thata sufficient Number of Negroes maybe had, at moderate Rates.

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the Whole House, who A Petition of the Shipwrights, Sail-makers, Rope- are to consider of the Trade to Africa. roaltrs, and ...her Trudefmcn. concerned m Shipping, in- A Pc(illon of ,he Tradrfmen, ,nd Inhabitants, of the habtt.ng.nand about Unuon, was presented to the House, To, Md di, other Manufacturers of

and read j setting forth, that the Petitioners, and their

Ditto.

wrought Iron1 there, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since the Act bf Parliament, far laying open the Trade to Africa, the Petitioners have exceedingly improved the Manufactures of wrought Iron in their Neighbourhood, which through the

. . c e ,great Demand thereof for gives daily Employ-

er tlw.r.present Settlement, to the.Prejudice of the ment to vast Nutnbers of poor Families, who must una-

Publick, and Rum of many of the Petitioners: And voidably be mined, if the skid Minufakres should be praying, that the said Company s Trade to Africa may be to onc Buyer, or to a one monopo]1zing

secured, and encouraged, by such Means, as the House clety elcJuflvc 0fin othcfS; And praying that the

Families, have been very much supported and maintained by the building, repairing, and fitting out, the Shipping, . belonging to t he Royal African Company in their Trade to Guinea, which is -very much declined, by the great Difficulties, and Difeourugements/the Company has met with

shall judge fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole -House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

praying.

Trade to Africa may be-continued open and free to till the Subjects of Great Britain, under such Regulatioasras the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the/Cotnmittee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa. 1 ’

A "Petition of the Merchants of the Burgh bf was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,.that

Ditto. A Petition of the Society of Merchant-adventurers of the City of Brifel, was presented to the House, and read $ letting forth, that, since the Trade has been opened to Africa, it has much increased, and the Plantations have been better supplied with Negroes, than when the Royal "they understand, the Royal African Company of England African Company had it only: That the Duty of Ten have petitioned "the Hotrfe, for confiding tlio Trade to per Cent, paid to the said 'Company, for support of their Africa to a joint Company’s Stock, and, under several Forts and Castles, is a great Charge to the separate Tra- Allegations, by that Monopoly Would exclude the Peti-dere, and a Hindrance to them, not only because they rc- tioners from that Trade; which they conceive is contrary fuse to give them Protection, but also, for that the Com- to the 41b Aim a ill Articles of the Union, whereby it is pany’s Agents, and Factors, difeewrage the Inhabitants, agreed, that all Che Subjects of Britain shall have near them, from trading with the separate Traders: That full Freedom and Intefcourse of Trade and Navig^ion, the Petitioners oonceive, if -the Trade to Africa should be except where it is otherwise expressly agteecf by the Ar-granted to the said Company-cnty, it will very much lessen tides-: And praying, that the Trade to Africa m^y be the Consumption of the British Manufactures, and that continued free to all the Subjects ‘c/f Great Britain, under The Plantations will be-ill served with Negroes, when there such Regulations, as the House shall think proper for is but one Seller, which will be a great Discouragement preserving that Tmle. . \ u..

to the Planters: And praying, that the Trade to Africa Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition may be Dut under such Regulations, as all the Subjects he referred "to the Contrrbtfec of the whole Hoflle, who

Ditto.

of her* Majesty may be equal Sharers therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Ditto.

are to consider of thfc Trade tb Africa.

> 1, '

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants,. and Buying and others, of the Butchers Company, in behalf ofehemfqlves, att e‘

and the rest of the Butchers within the Bills of Mortality, and also of divers Graziers in several Counties, ih be-

A Petition of the Weavers, puckers, and other Artificers, belonging to the manufacturing of Petpetuanoes half of themselves, and the rest of the Graziers in Soith for Africa, living in and near Exon, was preferred to the , waS presented to the Ploufe, and read; setting

House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have forth, that an. Act, made in the 5th Year of her Ma-been greatly supported in their Trade by the great Quan- jesty’s Reigft, to prevent Frauds in buying and selling of tities of Woollen Goods, usually exported by the Royal Cattle in Snilhfind, hid not the defigoed Efleft, to pre-African Company, who (as the Petitioners are informed) vent the evil Consequences of hawking and felling have met with such Discouragemencsin their Trade, that unwholesome Meat about the Streets, to the great Pre-they will be forced to withdraw their Eflcfts, and decline judice of her Majesty’s Subjects, and the fiur trading Vo 1. 16. Butchers,

H

Butchers, and to the Encouragement of Sheep-dealing: And ,praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel, or be otherwise relieved, as to the House Jthall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain the Act of the Frft Year of her Majesty’s Reign, concerning the buying and selling Cattle in so as

to give Leave to Persons, using the Trade of Butchers, to fell Calves, Sheep, and Lambs, dead, to other Butchers,

is committed; and that Mr. be added to the said

Committee.

Committees. Ordered, That all Commitees be revived.

Whitby Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, to Harbour, whom the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding and repairing the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the County of York, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them agreed, and others dHagreed unto, by the House; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Encouraging , The House being acquainted, that the Act for the Coinage. Encouragement of the Coinage, is near expiring; and; a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, for the Continuation of the Duties granted for the lame;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

IWfaU’s Ordered, That the Bill to enable John,

Estate, Esquire, and others, to fell certain Lands and Appurte-

nances in Charlewood and Horley, in the County of Surrey, and also the Advowson of the Rectory of Charlewood aforesaid, for Payment of Debts and Portions, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed, that the Gaoler of New- Privilege*- gate had (according to Order) brought up John Huggins,

Esquire; SlwS.

He was brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Huggins be discharged, paying his Fees.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of Supply Bill; the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Malt Duties, whom the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1709, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by oue, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways next, resolve nself into a Committee of the whole House, an<* Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Walpole presented to the House (pursuant to their Army Address to her Majesty for the fame) An Estimate of the Estimats. Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great,

Jersey, Guenfey, the Plantations, and for Sea-service, with the Charge thereof, for the Service of the Year 1709.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

x'Februarii.

u

Numbers.

l8l

l8l

l8l

l8l

J77

177

598

676

443

443

407 407 58 9

2,283

M43

1,467

760

876

834

834

834

725

834

951 834 834

2,289

Charge per Annum.

13,209

r*-

*7,174

I. s. d.

120,808 18 4

81,383 it 8

253,246 2 6

455»638 6

Four

HORSE.

First Troop of Guards^ - -

Second Troop - - - 1-

Third Troop - - ... - ;i -

Fourth Troop - -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards -

Second Troop -

Royal Regiment of Guards - -

DRAGOONS.

Queen’s Regiment - -

Earl of Essex’s ^- - - *f' -

Lord Polwartlis - -

Lord Carmichael's -

Lieutenant General Ech/ -

FOOT.

First Regiment of Guards -

ColdjlreamRegiment of Guards -

Marquiss of Lothian's Regiment of Guards Brigadier Livefay's Regiment -Brigadier Wightman's - -

Colonel Grant’s -Lord Strathnaver's -6("Colonel Bowie’s -

> I Lord Mark Kerr’s -

) Major General Mordant's in Jersey,

g S Brigadier Handaftd's at Jamaica

Major General Maitland’s at Fort William -£ Colonel Jones's in the Leeward Islands

1

2® Februarii

Four Companies at New -

One Company at Bermudas One Company at Newfoundland Three Companies in North Britain

General and Staff Officers Contingencies -Garnfons, €*fr. -Invalids -

The Estimate Anno 1709.....- - -

The Estimate Anno 1708, exclusive of the Ordnance of North Britain -

Besides which, there is due, for clearing the Expence of the military! Establishment of North Britain, from the ift May 1707, to the last of > "December following, over and above what has been already paid for that Service J

Numbers. 85 Charge per Annum.

£. s. d.'

449

58

-' 93

- *74

774 12,860 12 6

*7,948 468,499 5 —

£ * d.

14,045 18 7!

15,000 — —

3°»i *5 5 5

11,366 I5 —

70,927 19

539.427 4 —

539.427 4

510,7.8 3 —

28,709 1 — J

- - 9,808 8 8

Aw ACCOUNT of the Particulars, shewing the Difference, and Increase, of the Estimates for Guards,

Garrisons, between the Year 1708, and the Year 1709.

Per Annum.

The Pay of the Regiment of Horse Guards being augmented from 40 1057") Men, the 15th of March, 1707, and to be allied r the Year 1709, accord- > ing to that Increase, is- - - J

Given for the Year 1708, per Estimate -

Increase for the Year 1709 -

The Pay of the Regiment of Dragoons commanded by Major General J Carpenter, being augmented from 54 to 60 Men in each, the same Time, and V to be allied for the Year 1709, according to the Increase, is - -)

Given for the Year 1708 ——

Increase for 1709 -

Earl of Essex's Regiment, ditto -

Added to the Staff, over and above what was given the last Year -Added to the Contingencies, over and above what was given for the Yea ry 1708, in regard the Regiments of North Britain are added to South Britain, I and other extraordinary Charges, payable out of the Contingencies - - j

The Difference between putting the Regiment of Dragoons commanded by Lieutenant General Ecklyn, on the Establishment of Guards, in the room of the Loid Paston's Regiment sent to Portugal, viz.

Lieutenant General Echlyns Dragoons -

Lord Paston's Regiment of Foot -

Difference -

Proposed to be added to the Garrisons of North , as per Particulars -The Pay of an additional Company to Brigadier % Regiment of Foot

For the Pay of Six Companies of Invalids, formed out of the Pensioners ! of Chelsea Hospital, which now do Duty at Sheerness, Tilbury Fort, Land-guard > Fort, and Dover - - -)

For cloathing the Eleven Companies of Invalids -

Saved, by placing the Regiments of Brigadier Wightman, Colonel ,!

and Lord Mark Kerr, on this Establishment, in the room of Lieut. General > Erl's, Sir Tho. Pcudergajfs and Colonel Towtf/hend's, sent to Flanders - J

*5.725 8 4

*4.739 *8 4

ao>65* 18 4

*4,5*0 18 4

£. d.

7>9" 7 6

985 10 — 985 10 — 292 3 7I

7,498 3 4

6,132 -

835 16 8 1,003 15 —

6,366 15 —

Saved by the Regiments of North Britain Saved by the Garrisons of North Britain

R. JValp

,0aa *4 2

929 »o 1

32,011 1 a

349 *5 *0

31,661 5 3!

2,952 4 3

28,709 1 — i

Vol. 16

Y

Ordendt

African

Trade.

Ditti.

Ditto.

5eatnens

Wages.

86 4* — 3* Februarii. 1708;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to corrfider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 30 die Februarii;

Anno 7’ Anna; Reginae, 1708.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Cottons, Serge-makers, and

» \ other Woollen Manufacturers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and many Hundreds of others, have been greatly supported, by making Goods, usually exported by the Royal African Company; which Trade is (as the Petitioners are informed) in danger of being loft to the Nation, to the Ruin of the Petitioners: And praying, that the Traffick of the said Company to Africa may be preserved, and encouraged, by such Means, as the House shall judge fit.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of several Tradesmen, inhabiting in and about London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have been very much encouraged in their several Trades, by the Exports of the Royal African Company to; which Trade, from the great Discouragemenls the Company have met with under the present Establishment, has very much declined, and is in danger of being loft to . Nation, to the Prejudice of the Publick Good, and Loss of the Petitioners; And praying, that the Traffick of the said Company to Africa may be secured, and encouraged, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Briftsl, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Traders and Artificers of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, since the Opening the Trade to Africa, the same has greatly encreased, by the Consumption of our Manufactures, the Increaft of Navigation, and the better supplying the Plantations with Negroes, inso much that they conceive, no Branch of Trade turns to a better Account to the British Nation; and, if the same should be confined to a select Number of Men, exclusive of all others, the contrary Consequences will attend it: And that the^. 10 fer Cent, paid to the African Company, towards Maintenance of Forts and Cadies, by the separate Traders, is found to be a great Discouragement to them, instead of a Security, as they were intended: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may befb settled under such Regulations,

as it may tend to the Benefit of all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes within the Hamlets of the Tower of London, as

well in behalf of1 their respective Parishes, as of many thousand poor Families within the same, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Hamlets mostly consist of Seafaring Men, and Tradesmen depending on such, the greatest part of which Seamen are poor, and actually in her Majesty’s Service, and have been supplied withNeceflaries by such Tradesmen, upon the Credit of their Wages, who, by want of their Money, have been reduced to great Extremities; and, when they* or their Agents, have attended the Payment of several Ships at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, at great Expence,

they have been at last obliged to return home without Payment, and many of the Seamen’s Wives have been forced to beg in their Way home; and sometimes such Tradesmen have been denied the Privilege of going on board the Ships, and the Seamen many times permitted to receive their Wages, though they had made Assignments to their Creditors; and frequent Payments have been made without publick Notice; and generally, when the Ships are ready to fail, so that such Seamen, as have been willing to fend up their Wages for the Subsistence of their Families, and Payment of their Creditors, have not Opportunity to do it, whereby the Money has been loft to the Enemy, or lpent in foreign Parts, and the Creditors never paid; which has so discouraged them, that they will give no further Credit; (b that the Wives and Children of Seamen in her Majesty’s Pay, and many Families of their Creditors, are become chargeable to their respective Parishes, which are greatly impoverished, and not able to relieve them: And praying such Redress in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who are to examine the Accounts, which have been laid before this House, of what, Ships have been employed as Cruifersand Convoys, over and above the Ships for the Line of Battle, and for Convoys to remote Parts; and also the Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, as it flood, on the Heads mentioned in the said Estimate, the 30th of September, 1708; and that Mr. Barker, and all, that serve for the City of London, and County of Surry, be added to the said Committee.

Mr. Mervin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Edward Sainthill (late Edward Yard) Esquire, to change his Surname from Yard to,

according to the _ Will of Samuel Sainthill, Esquire, deceased, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 1 and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners of the Transports attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, in Obedience to her Majesty’s Command, pursuant to an Address for that Purpose,

The State of the Debt for Transport Service, to the 30th of September, 1708; also, the growing Charge thereon: And also.

An Account of the Expence for Transport Service for one Year, ending the 30th of September, 1708.

And the Titles of the said State and Account were read.

And the said State and Account are as follow; viz.

The laid STATE of the Debt in general, for transport ing her Majesty’s Forces, since the Beginning of the present War, as it flood upon the 30th of September, 1708, together with the growing Charge thereon.

There is due, by the Register, for Transport Bills, issued out, and numbered, to be paid in course, for Freight of Shipping, Provisions, and other Necessaries, from the 17th July, 1706, to the 30th September,

1708, viz.

For Freight of Shipping, hired by the Month, to transport her Majesty’s) ,/, A,

Forces to Portugal and Spain - - - . 316,121

J. d.

For Hay, Oats, Bread, Beer, Cheese, and Calk, Bedding, Cabins,7 Cradles, Sibling, and other Necessaries -y

21,113 6 9

For

Y ard'f Namv

Transport

-Servict*

4

7 Ann!

3# Februarii.

For Freight of Ships which transported her Majesty’s Forces to Holland} ,

» »7°r.....5 7» 97

J.

d.

9

For Interest on the above Transport Bills, to the 30th of September 1708 -Over and ab-^ve which, theie is also remaining due, for which no Transport Bills have yet been numbered, or issued out; viz.

For 5a Ships, hired in Iceland, which have transported her Majesty’s] Forces to Portugal, and Spam, and are discharged the Service, whose Accounts are not yet adjusted -

To 134 Ships, hired at London and Portsmouth, for their Service by the] Month, in trail {porting her Majesty's Forces to and Spain, 115 of

Which were running in monthly Pay upon 30th September, 1708

To 33 Ships, lured at UJbon by the Month, to transport her Majesty's* Forces to Spain, 28 of which were running in monthly Pay upon 30th September, 1708 - -

To 26 Shifts hired at Ofield and Newc to transport her Majesty’sl Forces, upon Occasion of the late intended Invasion, the Freight whercol V -

by Eftitnation, may amount unto about.....J '

Total Debt for Transport Service, upon the 20th of September, 1708,) amounting to - - j

Towards which, there remains in the Hands of the Receiver and Paymaster for Tran (ports, in Tallies; viz.

On Malt, for the Year 1707....

On (be Land Tax, lor 1708 -

On Malt and Mum, for 1708 - -

£ s. d. 3*5.T3i 12 7 30,560 17 —

22,361 — 11

76,034

17,202 19 I

6,500 -

497.790 12 I

33.300 — —

44,821 8 4f

40,000 —

118,121 8 4

Remains

379,669 3 8*

Memorandum: Upon the 30th September, 1708, there were in her Majesty’s Transport^ Crowing Charge. Service, running in monthly Pay, 14J Ships, the growing Charge whereof is Sixteen f thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Five Pence, *’

per Month .....)

Sam. Al Nick. Roept, Colby.

per Month.

The said ACCOUNT of the Expences for one Year, for transporting her Majesty's Forces, ending

30th September, 1708.

There hath arose, as by the Register, for Transport Bills, numbered, and issued out, to be paid in course, for Freight of Ships, Hay, Oats, B ead, Brer, Cheele, Calk, Wheat, Bedding, Cabins, Cradles, Stabling, and other Necessaries for Men and H rfes, and also for incident sixpences, such as Cooperage, r

Hay, Labourers, Travelling Charges, House Expences, and repairing returned Bedding, Cab within the said Year; viz.

In the Month of October, 1707

- - November

- - December

- - January

- - February

- - March

- - April, 1708 -

- - May -

- - June -

- - July - -

- Oug.fi

- - September, 1708

and Stabling, f *.

£ j. d

7.895 12 —

16 8

13 5

r8 8

7,128 1 8

% 2 5

«5 2

- 14.592 t8 9

- 17'5?8 >8 6

- 10,933 6 11

— 1

9 3

140,984 J3 6

5.639 7 6

For Interest on the said Transport Bilk, to the 30th of September, 1708 -

Over and above which, there hath also arose for Service within the said Year, for which no Transport" Bills have been yet numbered, or issued out; viz.

To Ships, hired at London, and Portsmouth, by the Month, for their Service within the said Year - 52,219

To Ships, hired at UJbon, for their Service within the said Year - ... - 13,064

To Ships, hired at Oft end and Newcajl/e, on Occasion of the late Invasion - 6,500

For the Salaries and Charge of this Office, for one Year ----- 3,200

7

2

Transport Office, > 18th November, 1708. 3

Total - - - £.221,607 10 11 Samuel Atkinson, Nick. Roope, 7ho. Colby.

Transport

Service.

ft

9

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said State, A Bill for redressing, and preventing, several Frauds Frauds in and Account, be referred to the Committee of the whole and Practices, relating to her Majesty’s Duties upon stamp House, who are toconsider of the Supply granted to her stampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and regulating Dotie*‘ Majesty. the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen's

Vol. 16. Bench

t

Oxford

Roads.

Woollen

Cloth

MaDu£a&ure.

Commercial

Intercourse

with

Scotland.

Bench and Common Pleas at was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Peyton, Mr. Topham, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Mr.

nejley, Mr. Mayne, Lord Powlet, Mr. Sir Fra.

MaJharn, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Ogle thorp, Mr. Graunt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Mr. At-

torney General, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Barker, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mr. Cox, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Papil/on, Mr. Bromley, Mr.’ Gott, Mr. Fane)-, Lord C Mr. Ball, Mr.

Coatjworlh, Sir Nich. Morris, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Herne, Mr. Booth, Mr. Trefujis, Sir Hen. Lyddell, Mr. Corbet, Sir Wm. Whit lock, Mr. Ch Mr. Mr.

Owen, Mr. Bacon, Mr. MoMr. Bruce, Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Sco'oell:And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the County of Berks, within Five Miles of the City of Oxford, on behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants within the Limits aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Letting, forth, that by an Act, made -in the 18th Year of the Reign of Queen all Inhabitants, living within Five Miles of the City of (except Day-la--bourers, and hired Servants) being possessed ot one Yard Land, or upwards, or having, or using, a Cart, Plough, or Wain, should find-or fend, for the mending or repairing the decayed Bridges, or Ways, within one Mile of the said City, with all things necessary, as by the said Act is directed, under divers Penalties; and all this was to be done, in Consideration that the said Inhabitants were exempt from Purveyance, as the Ad recites: That by an Act, of the 12* Car. idi, no Sum of Money, or other Thing, should be takvn for Purveyance for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors: That the Inhabitants within Five Miles of Oxon are charged towaids the repair of the said Highways, and Bridges, in a different Manner from all the red. of her Majesty’s Subjects, and yet have no greater Privilege, they being also exempt from Purveyance by t! e last mentioned Act: That the Petitioners are at very great Charge in repairing the Highways of -their Parishes, and also the Highways within a Mile of Oxon, to which they have been forced to submit, even inHarveft-time, being then summoned to do their Work by the said Act, although the Inhabitants of Oxon are much better able, and can with more Ease repair their said Highways, and Bridges, than the Petitioners; and yet are in a manner wholly exempt from the Charge and Trouble thereof: And praying, that Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for repealing the Act of the 18th Year of Queen Eliz. intituled, An Act for the repairing and amending of the Bridges, and Highways, near unto the City of Oxford.

Alio another Petition of several Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the County of Oxon, within Five Miles of the City of Oxford, on behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants within the Limits aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; being in the same Words, as the Petition last before-mentioned.

And the said Act being read;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petitions; and that the Lord Ryalton, Sir John Slonehouse, Sir Wheat, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Page, and Mr. Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe, and Sir Wm. Strickland, be added to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the better regulating the Manufacture of the broad Woollen Cloth, in relation to the Lengths and Breadths.

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart and Wm. Murray, Merchants, (presented to the House the

J9

25 th of January last) be taken into Consideration upon

Monday Morning next.

The House was (according to Order) called over; and the Names of all such, as made Default to appear, were noted down.

And afterwards the Names of the Defaulters were called over; and several of them appeared, and others were excused, upon Account of Sickness, and extraordinary Business; and others, being upon the Road, in order to attend, for which Fourteen Days was flowed them.

Ordered, That Mr. penton, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Mr. Harvey, and all that serve for the Counties of Hertford and Su{sex, be added to the Committee, to whom

the' Bill to explain the Act of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, concerning the buying and selling Cattle in Smithfield, so as to give Leave to Persons, using the Trade of Butchers, to fell Calves, Sheep, and Lambs, dead, to other Butchers, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Booth, Mr. Crew , Sir John Walters, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to vtft the Estates, which came to the Right honourable Other Earl of Plymouth by his Mother, in Trustees, to fell, for raising Moneys to discharge his paternal Estate, and to enable him to cut Coppices, and grant Leases of his and his Wife’s Estates in Cheshire and Flintshire, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Bertie, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Cox, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Gilbert tieathcot, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Samuel Gott, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill lor making the ltiver Kennel navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 7* Ann® Regin®, 1708.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, together with other the principal Inhabitants, of the City of Bath, was presented to the House, and read; fitting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, the doing whereof, the Petitioners apprehend, will be of publick. Advantage, to the Preservation of the Highways, Improvement of Trade, and Increase of Watermen: And praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Lowther presented to the House, a Bill for the better regulating the Manufacture of the broad Woollen Cloth, in relation to the Lengths and Breadths and the same was read.

But there being several Matters in the Bill, which should have been Blanks, the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Petition of Thomas Gardner, William Lilly, Thomas Martyn, Rene Defcloufeaux, and Pinkney, was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made in the 4th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the Relief of Colonel John Rice, the Earl of Ranelagh did make out Debentures, payable to the said Rice, for £ 11,420. 17 6 That

by another Act, passed in the 5th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, to oblige the said John Rice to account for the

1

Call of the House.

Buying and fellingCattle.

Earl of Plym uth’i Estate.

Ken net

Navigation.

Kenrett

Navigation*

Woollen

Cloth

Manufacture.

Interest on

Rice’s

Debenture*.

said Debentures tocertain Commissioners, pursuant to that Act, it is enacted, That nothing therein should prcjddice the Right of any Person to the said Debentures, and the Interest thereon, which had been before the ift of 1706, really bought, or taken as Security for Money really lent to Rice: That the Petitioners have divers of the said Debentures in their Hands, of which they gave the said Commissioners an Account in writing, according to the Direction of the said Act; but the Petitioners cannot receive the Interest, due upon the said Debentures, the Officer, who is to pay it, pretending, he is not sufficiently impowered so to do, until the Certificate of the said Commissioners be confirmed by this House: And praying, that they may be no longer debarred from receiving the Interest, due upon the said Debentures, which hath been a great Prejudice to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to examine the Matter of the said Petition, and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Walter Tongt, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Mr.

Sir Wm. Wytbers, Sir Robert , Sir John Sir

Fran. Maffam, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sherrard, Mr.

Sir John Holland, Sir Rickard F, Mr. Conyers, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mrr-

Johnston, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Chambers, Mr. , Mr.

Ckolmley, Mr. Montton, Mr. Vincent, Lord Rowlett:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being acquainted, that Mr. Shoreditch, Payment* one of the Agents for Taxes, attended, he was called in, v '"5° and, at the Bar, presented to the House, c

An Account of what each Receiver General hath paid into the Exchequer on the Eleventh Four Shillings Aid, to the First of February 1708, inclusive; and also,

An Account of what Receivers are in Arrear upon the Ninth Four Shillings Aid; and also.

An Account of what Receivers are in Arrear upon the Tenth Four Shillings Aid.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow,

The said ACCOUNT of what each Receiver General hath paid into the Exchequer on the Eleventh 4 s. Aid,

to the First of February, 1708, inclusive.

COUNTIES. RECEIVERS. PAYMENTS.

Bedford - m Ambr. Reddall mm £. s. d. 16,530

Berks - Lawrence Ambr ofe - - - - 17,320

Bucks - - - . mm Rogers and Horton - - - 16,000 — —

Cambridge - - - Tho. Rickers mm - 12,000 — —

Chester, Denbigh, Flint - - - Tho. Loyd - m - - - 4,000 — —

Cornwall - Fra. Manaton - - - - 11,000 — —

Cumberland, Westm - - - Tho. Brougham - - - - 1,900 — —

Derby - m - - Sam. Bradfoaw - - - - 9,447 n —

Part of Devon - - Sam. Burridge - - - 17,000

Part of Devon - - Jf. Quaff - - - 15,000

Dorset - m - John and Ben. Derby - - 16,000 — —

Durham, Northumberland - - - Fra. Wivill - - - 4,000 — —

York ..... - m Ditto - - - 25,000 — —

Essex - - - m - - John Turner - - - 32,500

Gloucester - m - John Regers - - - m - 19,000 — —

Hereford - - Sam. Clerk - - - 3,000

Hertford - - Robert Peters - - - - 9,000 — —

Huntington - - m - Jeay and Dowfe - - - 7,000 — —

Kent - m - - Wm. Faucet - - - 25,000

Lancq/ler - - - m John Thornton - - mm - 6,000

Leicester - - - - Jarvis Bradgatt - - - - 14,012 3 6

Part of Lincoln - - Vaug. Bonner m - - - 15,000

Part of Lincoln - - Rich. Whit ting ham - - - 14,000 — —

London and Middlesex - m - Sir IVm. Fazakerlcy m - - - 87,200

Monmouth, Anglesea, Merioneth, and Carnarvon James Cafivell - - - - 2,000 — —

Northampton and Rutland - - - - John Cowper m - - - 19,000 — —

Part of Norfolk - - Robert Brown - - - 12,000 — —

Part of Norfolk - - m IVm.Pacey - m - - - 20,000 —

Nottingham - - - John Bury - - - - 11,000 — —

Oxon - - - Miles Parker - - m - 13,50° 1

Salop - - Geo. Hojier - - - m - - 7,000 —

Stafford - - - - Sam, Baylie - - - - m 10,000 — —

Somerset - - - - Bernard Hutchins - - mm - m 24,000 — —

Southampton - mm - Tho. Austin - - m - 14,000 — —

Suffolk - - - - Pel. Bernardifton - mm - - - 32,100

Surrey - - - John Weflon - m - - - 16,000 — —

Part of Suffix m - Anth. Springett - mm - - 3,500

Part of Sussex - - - John and IVm Dee - to 4,000 — —

Warwick - - - - John Andrews - m m 11,500 — —

Worcester - - - a Tho. Albert - - - 9,000

Wilts - - - m Tho. Bevan - - m 14,500

Brecon, Radnor, and Montgomery - - Caleb Powell - - - - 3,000

Cardigan, Car mar then, Glamorgan, and Pembroke Geo. Howells - - - 1,000 — —

Queen’s Household - - - - James Taylor - - - m 1,908 — < —

Scotland - - - - Arch. Douglas m - - 23,000 — 4

Westminster, Agents Office, ? February the 3d, 1704-. J Wm. Clayton, Ri. Shordiche, R. Barker. £ 648,917 14 6£

Memorandum: There arefeveral Receivers, that are daily expected, with considerable Sums, and others daily paying into the Exchequer; which would have been done before this Day, had not the Badness of the Season prevented it. Vol. 16. Z The

African

lYude.

The said ACCOUNT of what Receivers are in Arrear upon the Ninth Four Shillings Aid.

COUNTIES. _ RECEIVERS, A R It E A It S.

Chester, Denbigh, and Flint - - - Tho. Lloyd ----- 1 s. d. 5,l92

Lincoln, Part ----- Wm. Cawthorpe - 5.O29

London and Middlesex. - Sir Wm. Fazakerly - 6,822

Monmouth, Anglesea, Merioneth, and Carnarvon James Cafwell - 7/(>

Oxon ----- Sir Robert Harrison - 422

Surrey ----- John Wefion ----- 1,699

Sussex, Part - - - Antb. Springet - 1,180

Cardigan, Carmarthen, Gla, and Pembroke Queen’s Household - Geo. Howells ----- 2,666

James Taylor ----- n>°39 1 3*

Westminster, Agents Office, February 3, 170^. £ 34,831 1 3k

The said ACCOUNT of what Receivers are in Arrear upon the Tenth Four Shillings Aid.

COUNTIES. RECEIVERS. I ARREARS.

Bucks - - - Hugh Horton, D. D. 4,014 s. d.

Chtftef, Denbigh, and - - Tho. Lloyd - - - - 7,692 -

Cumberland and - - Tho. Brougham - - - - /j / 97 6

Part of Devon - - - Sam. Burridge - - - - y / 67 3 -

Part of Devon - - - Jof. Quash - - - / 0 373

Essex - - - John Turner - - - - 2,533 16

Hereford - - - Sam. Clark - - - 2,856 J

Kent - - - IVm. FauJJet - - - 5,680 -

Lancaster - - - - John Thornton - - - - 14

Lincoln, Part - - - Vaughan Bonner - - - - 135 3,135 J

Lincoln, Part - - - Richard fVhittingham - -

London and Middlesex - - Sir IVm. Fazakerly - - - 26,422

Monmouth, Angle[eay Merioneth, and Carnarvon Ja. Cafwell - - - 4.776

Northampton and Rutland - - John Cowper - - - - ' / f 748 14 8

Salop - - - Geo. Hoficr - - - - n 0-79 / J -T

Somerset - - - Geo. Dixon - - - 22,246 5 a

Suffolk - - - - rn Sam. Pacey, deccafed - - - 12,319

Surrey - - - John Weston - - - 9,202 1 r 6

Sussex, Part - - - - Anth. Springet - - - 1,386 -

Sussex, Part - - - John Dee - - - 2,586 ~ _ -

Wore ester - - - Tho. Albert - - - 3*334 —

Brecon, Radnor, and Montgomery - - Caleb Powell - - - 3,285 —

Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Queen’s Household - , and Pembroke Geo. Howells - - - - 3,866 — —

- - £ ^t 1 1 - - ► 13,260 — —

Wm. Clayton, Ri. Shordichey R. Barker. £ 135,026 1 1 I

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to be perused by the Members of the House. to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of divers Dyers, Packers, Setters, Calenders, and Tillot-painters, in behalf of themselves, and many others, Manufacturers of Woollen Goods, living in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, since the Trade to Africa has been laid open by Act of Parliament, the Petitioners have received a much greater Benefit by the Exports-of the Woollen Manufactures by the separateTraders thither, because, when that Trade was only in the African Company, it was confined to but one of each Trade; and if it should again be restrained to a Company, the Petitioners, and many others, will be great Sufferers, by the Lois of lb considerable a Branch of their Livelihoods: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may be open and free to all the Subjects of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sir Tho. Cruifcr*

Palmer, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Foot, and all, that serve aml Convoy*, for Middlesex, Surrey, London, and be added

to the Committee, appointed to examine the Accounts, laid before the House, of what Ships have been employed as Cruisers and Convoys, and also the Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy.

Mr. Walpole acquainted the House, that he was com- Force* i« manded by her Majesty to lay before the House (pur- SpalD* suant to their Address for that Purpose) an Estimate of the Charge of her Majesty’s Forces, to serve in Spain and Portugal, or on board the Fleet, as the Service may require, in the Year 1709.

And the Titlrof the said Estimate was read.

And the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Numbers. Charge per Annum. Totnl Charge.

f Major General Harvey's Regiment of Horse - - £. s. d.

418 23,107 10 10

In Spain - ' Royal Regiment of Dragoons -, Brigadier Pepper's Regiment -1 Comte Nassau's ----- 589 589 589 20.652 18 4 20.652 18 4 20,652 18 4 61,958 15 — In

A

Debtors

Petition.

4° Februa

Spain

Colonel Harrison'sRegiment Lord Mordaunt'% -i Brigadier Wade's -Brigadier Elliott's -Colonel Watkins's -Sir Cha. Hotham -Colonel Sibourg's -

of Foot

Colonel Pearce's Regiment of Foot -Brigadier Newton's -

/ Earl ot Barrymore's -

Portugal - \ Lord Pa/ion's

\ Lord yion's I Major General Colonel S/a -

’s -

r Colonel Hamilton's Foot -Brigadier Macartney's -(, Brigadier Wynn's -

f Colonel Dormer's Regiment of Foot Colonel Canlji-:iPs

Major General Farington's

]J . C ioncl Ws - -

I Colonel Johnson s-

f Earl of Portmorc's Foot "

liting m / Rovaj FuZilCers - ", " " ‘

Lieutenant General s -

f Major General Gorge's Regiment of Foot -irrifon - Lord Mountjoy's -

c Colonel Alnut's Regiment of Foot - -

ntinued £ Colonel Breton's -

i cr*l-i,a\'sRegiment of Dragoons

eoiments rait-f Earl of GaltV) foot - year m Major General Carle s Legimeni o

1A Regiment »rag°°ns

A Regiment of Foot - '

Another,

Another ' 1 I

Another

rn-c and 1,200 Italian Foot Imperial Foot more -

Numbers.

834

876

876

8.14

834

834

725

725

7*5

876

834

725

7*5

876 8 76 785

834

834

809

834

876

876

834

876

725

725

834

854

589

785

589

725

725

725

725

Charge per Annum.

59,899

X. d.

14,520 18 4

r5-5*2 10 —

5*51 a 10 —

*4,5*° 18 4

14,520 18 4

14,520 18 4

*3.179 10 10

*3.*79 10 10

*3»> 79 10 10

*5\512 10 —

4.5 20 1 s 4

*3»*79 10 10

13»179 10 10

»5>5* 10 —

15,512 10 —

14,207 12 6

14,520 18 4

14,520 18 4

*4.384 — 10

14,520 18 4

*5.512 10

*5»512 10 —

14,721 l3 4

*5»512 10 --

13*179 10 10

*3»l79 10 10

14,520 18 4

14,520 18 4

20,652 18 4

14,207 12 6

2 3»179 10 IO

*3»*79 10 10

3>179 10 10

13,179 10 10

62,411 7

87,4*5 4 2

60,000

£00 Imperial Foot more - M^ and,

Towards pa)'ing the ^Troops o upon account

other Extraordinaries 01

General <h?Ho%*ds m '

Contingent

General and Staff,°£jfctaUfo'WS*1 '

Contingencies for I

91

Total Charge.

£ s-

102,288 4 2

82,751 11 8

45,232 12 6

73.459 5 10

45.746 13 4 26,359 1 8

29,041 16 8

34, S6o 10 10 20,652 18 4

52,718 4 3 593>i77 4 2

209,826 11 4

210,000 —

72. b Cold and Hunger;

«e^sr»«5S

'SST£ — 1 ttsfXgriS "

5?^ — "

rtnode

4° — 5° Februarii. 1708,

The Orders of the Day being read;

African Refohed, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

Trade. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to take into Consideration the Trade to Africa; and nothing to intervene.

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had agreed upon several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. /

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to mote, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

W*ys and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 50 Februarii;

Anno, 7* Anna Regina:, 1708.

Prayers.

Importing A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Com-Inih \ am. mon Council, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Dunhevod, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, in behalf of themselves, and Hundreds in the Neighbourhood, Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Trade of the said Town chiefly depends on the Spinning, and Sale, of Woollen Yarn, which is almost wholly the Employment and Maintenance of their Poor; which Trade is of late Years very much decayed, by the Importation of Irish Yarn, to the lluin of the Poor, the sinking the Petitioners Estates, in so much as to render them unable to relieve them, and pay Taxes,

if this mischievous Importation be not prevented: And praying, that the House will take some Method, to put a Stop to the Importation of Irish Yarn, and thereby prevent the Ruin of so many poor Families.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of she Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, on behalf of diemselves, and many thousand others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

Ditty. A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Cal-lingtm, in the County of Cornwall, on behalf of themselves, and many poor Families in their Neighbourhood, Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that their chief Trade and Support depertdson the Spinning, and Sale, of Woollen Yarn; which Trade is very much lessened, by the visible Decay of their publick Markets, and almost the Ruin of their Poor, by the Importation of such Yarn from Ireland: And praying, that such effectual Methods may be taken, as may wholly put a Stop to the Importation of Irish Yarn, or lay it under such Duties, as may prevent the utter Ruin of their Poor, and Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be 21

referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and'Traders, of the City of Exon, on the behalf of themselves, and many thousand others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within tire said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Mayer, capital Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that many thousand of Families are ruined by the great Importation of Worsted Yarn from Ireland, being loid at much cheaper Rates, than it can be wrought in England: And praying the Compassion of the House, for their Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, on the behalf of themselves, and many thousands others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of Margaret and Mary Molhy was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, in 1705, did prefer their Petition to this House, praying, that they might be relieved in relation to an Estate of their Grandfather and Father’s in Ireland, sold as a forfeited Estate; which Petition was referred to Committee, who reported the Matter thereof, and came to a Resolution, as their Opinion, that the Petitioners had proved the Allegations of their Petition, and that they were real Objects of Companion, and jullly deserved the Favour of the House; but the Parliament was fcon after prorogued, and nothing was done for the Petitioners: That the Petitioners having obtained her Majesty’* gracious Recommendation, and renewed their Petition to the House the last Session, it was ordered, that the Consideration thereof should be referred to a Committee, to examine the Matter, and report the same to the House: That the Committee accordingly reported, that the Petitioners had fully proved the Allegations of their Petition, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; yet nothing is done for their Relief: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Petitioners Relief; in regard that, by their great Poverty, they are disabled from leeking any other lledress, but what they hope for from the Justice of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Peyton, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Gale, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Carr, Mr. , Sir

Scazvcn, Lord Powlett, Mr. Mr. Smith, Mr.

Conyers, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Harvey, Lord,

Lord Downes, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Mr. Cock-

burn, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Harley, Mr. White, Mr. Mason: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of , was read a

Second time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowther, Sir Stephen Leonard, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. rard, Mr. Norreys, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. White, Sir Gilbert Pickering, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Gale, Mr. Wy/d, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Page, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Hutch inf on, Mr. Vane, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Monson, Sir Edw. Lawrence, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Hale, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Wilson, Sir John Azvbrey, Mr. Hil/erfdon, Mr. Corrauce, Sir DavidRamfay, Sir Rufhout Cullen, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Car mage, Mr. Vernon; and all, that serve for the Counties of Cumberland,

Importing lriih Yum.

M<»lIoy,g

Estate.

Whitehavea

Harbour-

7 Ann.

5° Februarii.

93

inland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and York, and the Sea- S Sir Wm. Brake, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Ccckbume,

ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stemming

JCJedioa*

Sir Wm, Strickland, Sir Gili. Elliot, Mr. Lowtker, Sir

Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bailie, Mr.

Masters, Mr. Wimungton, Mr. Mr. Vane, Lord

Woodstock, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Mr. fVyld,

Colonel Grahme, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Mwnden, Mr. Worthy, Lord Lord Wil-

Supply.

Tobacco

Trade*

A Petition of Harry Goring, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Buigels, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, in the room of loughby, Mr. Serjeant Byrch, Mr. Mr.

the Lord Tunbridge (called up to the House of Peers) the Mr. Campion, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Mr. Vaughan,

Petitioner, and the Lord Bellow, flood Candidates; and Mr. Pringle: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at the Petitioner was duly elected, notwithstanding several Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have illegal Pradicesof the Lord Bellow, and his Agents; yet Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and the Constable (upon twice calling up the Poll) agreed, the are to lit de die in

Petitioner was duly elected, and made one Proclamation

of it; when the Duke of Richmond demanded a Scrutiny; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Foreign Pro*

and Half an Hour afterwards the Constable made Three the naturalizing foreign Proteilants; and that Mr. Wort- te, Unt* Nat* Proclamations, and declared the Petitioner duly elected, ley, Mr. Gale, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Neville, Sir and that he would return him: That the Election, and feph Jekyll, Sir Peter King, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Attorney Proclamation, being over about Noon, and the Petitioner General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and going out of Town about Five a Clock, hearing the bring in, the Bill.

Market Bell ring, and enquiring into the meaning of it,

and seeing a great Number of People drawn together, Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the sent his Clerk, and Two or Three Gentlemen, to know Committee of the whole House, who were to consider what was the Matter; who going into the Sessions-house, further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Refo-and finding the Duke of Richmond, the Lord Bellew, the lutions, they had directed him to report to the House;

Constable, and moil of those, that voted for the Lord which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at Bellew, together, the Petitioner’s Clerk tendered the In- the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are denture of Return of the Petitioner to the Constable, to as follow; viz.

sign; which, he said he would not immediately do, but Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that he mull leave it, and he would return it; but was that a Sum, not exceeding £. 549,235. 12 8\d. be

resolved to make a double Return: All which irregular granted to her Majesty, to defray the Charge of maintain-Practices, and many others, tend to destroy the Freedom ing Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, and for Pay-of Elections, and are contrary to an express Vote of this ment of Invalids, for the Service of the year 1709, in-House: And praying the Consideration of the House in eluding 5,000 Men, to serve on board the Fleet, the Premises, and Relief therein. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and That a Sum, not exceeding £.180,000 be granted to her Return, be heard upon Tuesday come-seven- Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of her Majesty’s

Ordnance, for the Land Service, for the Year 1709.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

A Petition of the Merchants, trading to Virginia and That a Sum, not exceeding £.49,310. 4 j. 10 be

Maryland, on behalf of themselves, and the Planters of granted to her Majesty, for the Payment of one Year’s

Tobacco in those Colonies, was presented to the House, Interest, of the unsatisfied Debentures, charged upon

and read; setting forth, that, before the present War, the Forfeitures.

" " Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £. 3,500 be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of circulating the old Exchequer Bills for another Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Product of their Tobacco being scarce sufficient to doath That a Supply be granted to her Majesty, for carrying the Servants; which has already obliged the Planters of on the Coinage of the Gold and Silver of this King-several Counties to fall into the manufacturing of Woollen, dom.

Cotton, Flax, Leather, CsV. wherewith they have cloathed The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second themselves, and their neighbouring Counties: That To- time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, bacco, at present, is of so little Value, that great Part of agreed unto by the House.

what is aboard the Ships, just now arrived, will not fell Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for continuing the for more than the Freight, Custom, and Charges, to the former Acts for the Encouragement of the Coinage; and vast loss of the Planters, and Proprietors: And praying, that Mr. Peyton, Mr. , Mr. Farrer, and Sir

double

night.

France and Spain annually took off near zo, oooo Hogsheads of Virginia and Maryland Tobacco, but of late those Kingdoms, together with Sweden, Poland, Russia, isfe. have been otherwise supplied; the Loss of which Trades have reduced the Planters to great Want, the whole

that the pTefent State of the Tobacco Plantations in America may be taken into Consideration, and such Encouragement given for the exporting Tobacco, as to the House shall seem meet.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- Suffolk.

David Dalrimple, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of

Dunwich

Ele&iou,

ing next, take the Matter of the said Petition into Con-(ideration.

Contmwtei Resolved, That this House will, upon every Tuesday Elt&ioM. and Saturday only, hear the Merits of Elections, and Returns.

Resolved, Nemine contradicenle, That a Committee be

Officer?, fating in the House.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petition of Sir Richard Allin, and Daniel Harvey, Esquire, relating to the said Election, was read.

And the Counsel were heard; and Witnesses were examined v

And then the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, appointed to consider of Methods for the effectual F-xe- That the Right of Election of Rurgeffes, to serve in Par-cution of the several Laws, now in force, for excluding liamentfor the Borough of Dunwuh, is only in thcFree-from the House of Commons, Officers, and such, as men, inhabiting within the said Borough, not receiving receivePensions, during Pleasure; and to report their Alms;

Opinion therein to the House; An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

And it is referred to Mr. Hampden, Colonel Morelon, leaving out the Word " only."

Sir John Mtrdaunt, Mr. Freeman, Sir Peter King, Sir And the Question being put. That the Word " only" Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gale. Mr. Farrer, Mr. stand Part of the Question;

You. 16. A a The

Morifor/s

Haven.

Frauds in

Stamp

Duties.

Kennett

Navigation.

j° — -70 Februarii

A. 1708.

}, W.

]"7-

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth: ,

_ _ .< v (Mr Church

Tenere for the Yeas, J Mr

_ , - vt 5 Sir Robert Davers,

Tellers for the Noes,{Sir Barker;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved', That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich, is only in the Freemen, inhabiting within the said Borough, not receiving Alms.

And the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel on both Sides were further heard, and several other Witnesses examined.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir Charles Bloys, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Dunwich;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller, for the Yeas

Answer to Address.

Luna, 70 die Februarii;

Anno 7* Ann* Regin*, 1708.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, Returning her the Thanks of this House for her most gracious Answer to the Address of both Housesj her Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Dunwich Order) amended the Return for the Borough of , Return

in the County of Suffolk. J

amended*

Tellers for the Noes.jf'0*1 Woodflock>

1

J

78.

l74-

[Mr. Morgan:

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Robert Kemp, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Dunwich;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Sir Richard Allin is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Dunwich.

Resolved, That Darnel Harvey, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich.

Ordered, That the Clerk of Crown do attend this House on Monday Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Suffolk, by rafing out the Names of Sir Charles Bloys, Baronet, and Robert Kemp, Esquire, and inserting the Names of Sir Richard Allin, and Daniel Harvey, Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Chafe, Mr. Plumptree, Colonel Whitchcot, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Foot, Mr. Egerton, be added to the Committee, to

whom the Bill for repairing and improving the Harbour of Morifon's Haven, and the Fort there, in the Shire of East Lothian, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. fVythers, Mr. Hillerfdon, Mr.

Mason, Sir Rujbout Cullen, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Guydon, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Sharp, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Comper, Mr. Ward, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for redressing, and preventing, several Frauds, relating to her Majesty’s Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for regulating the Clerks and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Pleas at Westminsleis committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther, Mr. Maifers, Sir

Copley, Mr. Gale, Sir Wm. St. Colonel Roll,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock;

Mr. Lowther (according to Order) presented to the Woollen House, a Bill for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth Mann, broad Woollen Cloth, in relation to the Lengths and *a ure* Breadths j and the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Boyle (according to Order) presented to Privileges of the House, a Bill for preserving the Privileges of Am- Ambafladon. bafladors, and other Ministers of foreign Princes and States j and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

fill

IbtTfl

%r

Steyning

Election,

A Petition of the Right honourable Richard Lord Bellew was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that at the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Lord Tunbridge (called up to the House of Lords) the Petitioner and Harry Goring, Esquire, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned alone; but by Bribery, Menaces, and Partiality of the Constable of the said Borough, who polled several, who had no Right, for Mr. Goirng, and refused others to poll for the Petitioner, who had a Right, and by other undue Practices of Mr. Goring, and his Agents, he has procured an Indenture to be annexed to the Precept, as if he was elected, though the Constable refused to sign the Indenture for Mr. Goring, but signed the Petitioner’s, which ought only to be annexed to the said Precept: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Petition be heard upon Tuesday Seven-night, the Merits of the said Election,

and double Return, being appointed to be then heard, upon the Petition of Harry Goring, Esquire.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act LadyDuflu*’ for naturalizing Charlotta Christiana Lady Duffus, was Nat* read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith,

Mr. Secretary Boyle, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Harnage,

Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Johnston, Mr.

Compton, Sir Dav. Dalrimple, Mr. Banks, Mr. Cholmley

Mr. Vane, Mr. Thompson, Mr. CaMr. Mor if on. Sir

Fra. Masham, Mr. Carneage, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Gourdon, Mr. Moyne, Mr. Cecil/, Mr. Papillon, Mr.

Mason, Mr. Plumtree, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Oglethorp,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Whitchcot:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, of the Four-teenth Day of April, 1707 (which was declared to be a Handing Order of the House) be renewed, that this House will not proceed upon any Petition, Motion, or Bill, for granting any Money, or for releasing or compounding for, any Sum of Money, owing to the Crown, but in a Committee of the whole House.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Edward (late Yani’sNama-

Edward Yard) Esquire, to change his Surname of Yard to Sainthill, according to the Will of Samuel Sainthill,

Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

44 Resolved,

i-n

iCtjQQ.

Duty (mi Copper.

7 ANN;

7" Februarii.

95

Resolved, That the BHl do pats; and that the Title be. Jot* and Mr. do prepare, and bring in.

An Act to enable Edward Sainthi/l (late Edward Yard) the Bill.

Esquire, to chanw his Surnrne of Wlo SamtUU, Ordered, That the Commissionm of the Customs do

according to the Will of Samuel Sam/ilU, Esquire, de- before this House, an Account of what Ships have

ceased. been cleared for Africa, from 1698 to the 2 ah Day of

Ordered, That Mr. Mervtn do carry the Bill to the - - - -7 - - 1

African

Trade.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Whitby

Harbour.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, made in the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding and repairing the Piers of the Town and

December, 170S, and what the Duty of Ten fer Cent. paid thereon, amounts to, and the Values of the Cargoes, as entered at the Custotn-house.

on

Equivalent.

OrdThat the Clerk of the Crown do attend this Bewdley

__________ ___ __________ House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return of the Return.

Port of fVhtibj, hi The County of York, was' raid The honourable Henry Herbert, Esquire, a Burgess, to serve Third time. in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bradley,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, in the County of and with the Sheriff’s Precept

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the First Year thereto annexed.

of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Scotch and repairing the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby, her Majesty, that the will be pleased to direct the Com- Equivalent, in the County of York. missioners of the Equivalent to lay before this House,

Ordered, That Sir IVm.Strickland do carry the Bill to an Account of what Sums of the Equivalent have been

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. by them issued and paid, and to what Uses, and what

Part thereof doth still remain in their Hands.

A Petition of sundry Merchants, Braziers, and others. Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her

concerned in making and manufacturing British Copper, Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her in behalf of themselves, and many others, yfas presented Majesty's most honourable Privy Council* to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners *,_ .»*r>L _ . u

have, at great Charge and Industry, brought the making *S*W.That an humble Addrefi be presented toher CUim. of British Copper to that Perfection, that they make Majesty, that itew.II please to direct the Judge, of the

more than elite expended here, and in the PUnutiona: CS"" of F’S'fT Htufc-

That this House was, the last Session, of opinion, that the ?S" ' of fu, ch P"bl'ck Dcb's- "d hi

said Manufacture deferred all manner of Encouragement; W1 bcf"r' ll'm Act, passed

bu, therebeing a Du.y of^ A*. on the E^rtat.on*£££l£3

thereof it prevents the making My more, than can be M tbt f/id Address be presented to ter

(pent at home, and (that Quantriy bemgvery uncertain) MaJC, b such Mcmbc, of thU House as ate of her

TIT ACk Underlets: And praying, that ,'most honourable Pr;,y Couiwl.

the Manutadure of Copper in this Kingdom may not J 1 1

be discouraged by the Continuance^ the said Duty on , humble Address prefcn, ed to

her Majesty, that (he will be pleased to direct the Commissioners and Comptroller General of the Revenue of Excise in Scotland, to lay before this House, an Abbreviate of the Produce of the said Revenue, from the Commencement of the Union till Christmas last.

_ . , r>~~ --Tr cl/ia-j Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do M ft b such Mtmbets of this House as are of bet

lay before this House, an Account of what Money his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, been actually paid for the Customs of Brittp Copper, J

exported for the last Ten Yean.

Exportation, and that such other Encouragements may be given to so necessary and useful a Product, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Scotch

Excise

Revenue.

Debtor!

petition.

that they may not perish, for want of that Charity their more northern Brethren enjoy, and that they may once more be put into a Capacity of being serviceable, in such manner as the House shall think (it.

Manchester butch or Chapel,

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Scotch . n , . , f tt-n, ^cr Majesty, that (he will be pleased to direct the Com-

Petition of several of the poor Prisoners for Debt missioners and Comptroller General of the Revenue of e*cn in the common Side of Newgate, for and on the behalf the Customs in Scotland, to lay before this House, an of themselves, and all the other Prisoners there, was Abbreviate of the Produce of the said Revenues, from presented to the House, and read, set ting forth, that Commencement of the Union till Christmas last. thew bufferings and Hardships, by various Losses, are Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her mexpressible, as also msupportable, particularly those Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her on Escape Warrants, where the Creditor always exerts Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, his Power, but never extends his Mercy: And praying,

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that, in Obedience Duke of to their Commands, he had transmitted to his Grace the Marlho-Duke of Marlborough their Thanks for the great and eminent Services performed by him the last Campaign; Vote of Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to which the Duke of Marlborough was pleased to return Thank*, until the Bill for the Ease of insolvent Debtors, shall be this Answer, viz. brought in.

Sir, Brussells, February 13th, 1709.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Man- I am extremely sensible of the great Honour, which thester, in the County of Lancaster, and others, was the House of Commons have done me in the Vote, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that you have been pleased to transmit to me by their Order, there is but one Parish Church, and some Chapels of Nothing can give me more Satisfaction, than to find the Ease, in the said Town (which is very populous) and not Services, 1 endeavoured to do the Queen, and my sufficient to contain the Inhabitants for divine Service , Country, so acceptable to the House of Commons; and and that divers well-disposed Persons are willing to ered 1 beg the Favour of you to assure them, I shall never anew Church, or Chapel, at their own Charges; but think any Pains, or Perseverance, too great, if 1 may that it cannot be done eric dually, without an Act of (by God’s Blessing) be instrumental in procuring a fate Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to and honourable Peace for her Majesty, and my Fellow biing in a Bill for that Purpose. Subjects. I am, with Truth,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Sir, Your most faithful

according to the Prayer of the said Petition *, and that humble Sen-ant,

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Fleetwood, Colonel Stanley, Sir Marlborough.

Vo i*. 1G.

k

living and felling

Cattle.

Rofletf*, &c. Nat.

fialfall’g

Estate.

Ways and Means.

Commercial

Intercourse

with

Scotland.

Supply.

Bewdley

Charter.

8° Februarii.

A. 1708.

Ordered, That it be an Inftraction to the Committee* to whom the Bill to explain the Act of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, concerning the buying and selling Cattle in Smithfield, so as to give Leave to Persons, using

the Trade of Butchers, to fell Calvos, Sheep, and Lambs, dead, to other Butchers, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent Hawkers carrying Meat about the Streets, to fell; and that Sir Samuel Garrett, Sir Justinian JJbam, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Proby, Mr. and all that

serve for the Counties of L and Warwick, be added to the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitts:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lewis de Rojfett, Peter Brozett, and others 1 to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable John Haljall, Esquire, and others, to fell certain Lands and Appurtenances in

Charlewood and Horley, in the County of Surrey, and also

the Advowson of the Rectory of Charlewood aforesaid, for Payment of Debts and Portions, be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, tlxat they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart and William Murray, Merchants, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next, the first Business.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the

me.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the several Papers, relating to the Charter for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of

Worcester, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 7* Ann® Reginas, 1708.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Parochial Bill to preserve parochial Libraries; and that Mr. Libraries. Compton, Mr. Recorder of the City of London, and Sir John Holland, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough importing of Tiverton, as also of the Merchants, Serge-makers, Irish Yam. Combers, Weavers, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufacture within the said Borough, and in the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that great Quantities of Worsted, as well as Woollen Yarn, have been of late Years imported from Ireland into the Western Parts of England, and are sold at much lower Rates, than it is possible to make them for here; which Advantage is so great to the Importers, as to encourage them (though to the Prejudice of their Country) to enlarge their Commissions for those Commodities more and more yearly; by reason whereof the Labour of many thousand Hands in those Parts is loft, the Poor increased daily, the Value of Lands sinking apace, and all Trade miserably declining, and nothing but a feasonable Relief from the House, can prevent their Ruin, which, they humbly conceive, was their Intent last Session, though it had not its due Effect: And

graying, that this Grievance may be redrafted by proper Remedies.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Exon, is referred.

A Petition of several registered Seamen, in behalf of Seamen'* themselves, and other registered Seamen now living, Bounty* and the Widows and Children of such, as are dead, was monay' presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, made in the 7th and 8th Year of the late King William (for Encouragement of Seamen) it is enacted, that every Seaman, who should register himself, and serve his said Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, according to the Directions of the said Act, should have 40 s.per Annum Bounty, above such other Pay, as he should be entitled unto; That the Petitioners (in Obedience to the Rules of the said Act) duly registered themselves, and became intitled to the said Bounty- money, which amounted to £. 16,389. due to those registered in the First Year of his said Majesty’s Reign; and upon the 10th March 1697, the Commons passed the following Votes: Resolved, That the Sum of £.16,389,

" due to registered Seamen, be raised in the Year 1698:"

Resolved, That there be allowed, for the Charge " for the Office for regi fieri ng Seamen, the Sum of £.37,486. 5*. to be raised in the Year 1698 But no particular Fund being made for that Purpose, the Petitioners never received any Part of such intended Bounty-money: And praying, that the House will establish some Fund, or receive such Proposals, as may be offered, for settling a Fund for the Petitioners Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered.\That the Cursitor Baron of the Court of African Exchequer do lay before this House, the Account, Trade, which he has received from the African Company, of the Money arising from the Duty of Ten Pounds per . how, and in what Manner, they have disposed and laid out the same yearly, according to the Directions of the Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third.

An

0:i*.

\il*

I*

it-

5

Lm

L

i An

8° — 9® Februarii.

97

Ko(sett'>, See. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Corporation being read; and the Counsel

heard; and the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Thomas Smith, who was, about Michaelmas, 1707, chosen Bailiff of the Borough of , and

against whom an Information, in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, was brought, and Judgment given for him thereupon, was rightful Bailiff of the said Borough at the Time of the EJeftion of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Telle* for the Yeas,*;

TeMcrr for ,he Noe,

So it passed in the Negative.

That Samuel Slade, nominated Bailiff of the

Nat.

Bailiffs,

Ac.

Supply.

Bewdley

Ele&on*

for naturalizing Lewis de Bojfett, Peter BroJJett, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered \That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for limiting the Number of Bailiffs, and Officers, executing Processes in inferior Courts; and that Mr. Dolben, Mr. Monel on, and Mr. Page, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Itefo-lutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

}'3*

211.

That a Sum, not exceeding J. 1,081,083. os. 4d. be n J , r,' , .

granted to her Majesty, to defray the Charge of main- . nrOU? ° Xap mr Cr,^ranrtj r> >Cr

? u 14 (i d A e* jesty, for maintaining the Peace and good Government

taming the i orcea m her Majety s Pay. to fetve m %,» Jof &id Borough °WM rightful Bailiff of the said Bo-

and Portugal, for the Service of the Year 1709.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds [a], be granted to her Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of transporting Land Forces.

The laid Reloiutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House proceeded to the hearing of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petition of Salwey IViminglon, Esquire, and also the Petition of John Lloyd, Bailiff, Thomas Smith, and others, Burgesses of the said Borough of Bewdley, relating to the said Election, were read.

And the Counsel were heard, anu a Witness examined, on the Petitioners behalf.

And the Sitting Member’s Counsel producing John

rough at the Time of the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament.

Then the Counsel were directed to be called in again: But the House being informed, they were gone away;

Resolved, That Henry Herbert, Esquire (now Lord Herbert of Cherberry) was duly elc&ed a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bewdley.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 9° die Februarii;

Anno 7* Annse Reginae, 1708. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Common Council, Merchants, Traders, and other Soley, Esquire, to be examined on his behalf; which Inhabitants, within the Borough of in the County

Importing Irish Yank

being objected to by the Petitioner’s Counsel; the of Devon, on behalf of themselves, and others of the said Counsel on both Sides were heard in relation thereunto: Town, employed in the Woollen Manufactory, as also

And being withdrawn; of divers Gentlemen, Farmers, and others, living in, or

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Places adjacent to, the said Town of Plymouth, was pre-put, That John Soley, Esquite, being named Recorder in fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the the new Charter, granted by her Majesty to the Town of Maintenance of their Poor depends on the working, Bewdley, be admitted an Evidence, to prove the Acts of combing, and spinning of Wool; but of late Years the Corporation, before that Charter was granted; such great Quantities of Worsted, wrought and spun in

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for tire Yeas,^' ] 196-

Tellers for tlreNoeq^"*1j167. So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And Candles were brought in accordingly.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then Mr. Soley was examined.

And the Counsel referring to a Petition from the Inhabitants of Bewdley, to her Majesty, for a new Charter, and to her Majesty’s Reference on the said Petition, and

Ireland, has been imported, that the Pocr are out of Employment, and the Price of Wool is thereby lessened, great Quantities lying ready to perish in the hands of the Grower, for want of Sale: That there being no mention of any Duty on Irish Worsted in the Book of Rates, the same is entered for Bay Yarn, though ’tis of double the Value, and can be fold £. 30 per cheaper, than it can be made in England, and Bay Yarn, and combed "Wool, in Proportion;_ lo that the whole working Part of the Woollen Manufactory (Weaving only excepted) is likely to be translated from England to Ireland, if not prevented: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of

the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the the Report thereon made, and to several other Papers, Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, on the relating the reunto; Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Citizens That, after the Counsel were first. called in, Mr. Secretary of the said City, and others, employed in the Woollen Boyle had (pursuant to their Address of Yesterday to her Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent,

Majesty) brought to the House, and laid upon the Table, is referred, the several Papers, relating to the Charter of Bewdley.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers A Petition of the poor Seamen’s Wives, and Chil-of this Session. dren, whose Husbands were cast away with Sir Cloudjly

And the Evidence on both Sides being given; and Shovetheir Admiral, in the Ships, called th $vr cwdfly the Chatters, and other Proceedings, relating to the said ciationEagle, and Rumney, Three of her Majesty’s Shovefl.

pq *Y he Sum voted, was £.144,000. as appears both from the Men of War, was presented^ to the House, and read; primed Votes, and the original Report. setting forth, That they petitioned her Majesty for Relief,

You. 16. Bb who

Widow* of Seamen ioft with

\ fcjtrWw I

I ttMtobfoHotNk l

V Mtndhon 1

Embezzlement of wrecked Goods.

African

Trade.

Ditto,

Debtors

Petition.

Edgworth's

Claims ou lriih

forfeitures.

9° Februaru. 1708.

who referred it to his late Royal Highness, and his Counci I; who returned for Answer, that they had no Money: "1 hat at the Beginning of this Session the Petitioners had a Petition, to present to this House, but it was carried to the Navy Board; who answered, they could not provide for them: That in the lad great Storm many Ships and Seamen were cad away, and t his House grunted Bounty-money to the V\ idows and Children uf those Seamen: And praying, that the House will grant the Petitioners such Relief, as they, and their Children, may not perilb.

Ordered, That the Confident!ion of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford be added to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill to prevent the Embezzlement of Goods and Merchandizes, cad away upon or near the Goad of Great Britain.

A Petition of the Merchants and Owners of the Ships, in the Port of Whitehaven, was presented to the House, and read $ letting forth, that the Petitioners depend wholly upon Trade and Navigation, especially to and

Maryland, where the Tobacco is principally produced by the Labour of Negroes, furnished chiefly by the separate Trader.', to Guinea: and if the Royal African Company should engross that Trade to themselves, the Petitioners conceive, the Plantation Trade will be subject to their arbitral y Will, and render it so precarious, as intirery to dikourage the Petitioners, the People of the West Indies, and all others trading thither, and greatly prejudice the Revenue and Navigation: And praying, that the Trade to Ajrica may be continued free to all the Subjects of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Merchants of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the 4th Article of Union, all the Subjects of Great Britain were to enjoy a free lutercourse of Trade to and from any Port or Place within the United Kingdom, and the Dominions and Plantations thereunto belonging: That the Royal African Company having petitioned the House for

particular Branches of Trade, which tend very much to reltrid the Privileges and Advantages, agreed to by the At tides of Union, the Petitioners pray, that no exclusive Privileges be granted to any Society, or Company, to their Prejudice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of such of the poor distrelTed Debtors in Woodstreet, and the Poultrey Compters, , as had

signed the Petition, as well for the rest, as for themselves, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there are above 200 Prisoners in the said Gaols, who, through Misfortunes, are reduced to such unhappy Circumstances, that their Wives and Children are kept by their respective Parishes; and some of the Petitioners, for want of Employment, have only the bare Allowance of the Prison j and all, through the Severity of their Creditors, are destitute of any Hopes of obtaining their Enlargement, without the Mercy of her Majesty, and this House: That many of them are fit, and willing to serve her Majesty by Sea or Land: And praying, that the House ... to commiserate their deplorable Conditions, and give Leave to bring in such a Bill, for the Petitioners Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Ease of insolvent Debtors, be brought in.

A Petition of Robert Edg Esquire, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that by an Act, passed in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, it

was enacted, That the Trustees, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, should convey all the Estate of Sir

Edward ’Tyrrell (the Petitioner’s Wife’s Father) to the Petitioner, and his Wife, and their Heirs, discharged of all Forfeitures, but subject to alljuft Debts and Incumbrances, allowed by the said Trustees; yet the Petitioner is deprived of £.3,141, being three Years Rent of the said Estate, incurred before that Time, in regard the said Trustees had not Cash in their Hands to answer the fame, the greatest Part being applied to the Use of the Publ ick; and lie is also deprived of £. 150 per Annum, Part thereof) by another Act of the same Session; so that the Petitioner had only about £ 302 paid, and the Residue of the said Estate conveyed to him/subject to£.7,oooo Debts; whereof the Creditors having got Pofifession, do still keep the Petitioner, his Wife, and Nine Children, in very great Straits, who have not yet tailed the Fruits intended them by the said Adt, in Consideration of the Petitioner’s Services therein recited: And praying the House to supply the Did Deficiencies, amounting to£.5,coo with Interest, out of the undisposed Forfeitures, or othenvile to relieve the Petitioners, as the House shall think fit, according to the Intentions of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Charles Cefar, Esquire, have Leave to Hertford withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Meflion. Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Molloy'i of Margaret and Mary Molloy is referred, be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of John Hungerford, Esquire, on behalf of Fraud* ia himself, and of several other Cursitors of the High Court of Chancery, was presented to the House, and read; set- u *’ ting forth, that it is the usual Practice of Attorneys to insert several Purchases, and Mortgages, in one Writ of Covenant for levying a Fine, to the Prejudice of the Duty to her Majesty upon Proceedings at Law, to the Prejudice of the Fees payable to the Great Seal, the Twelve Judges, and the Petitioners: And praying, that the said ill Practice, of putting several Purchases, or Mortgages, into one Fine, may be redrefied.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for red re fling, and preventing, several Frauds, and Practices, relating to her Majesty’s Duties upon llampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys of the Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Pleas at Westminster, is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Rennet the Town and Corporation of Baftngstoke, in the County Navigati#*. of Southampton, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Inhabitants of the Town of Newberry, and others, having petitioned this House for an Act of Parliament, for making the River Kennel navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of the Petitioners conceive, that the making of the said River navigable will greatly lessen the Petitioners Markets at Baftngsttke, and very much tend to the impoverishing thereof: And praying, that the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the said River navigable, may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to in the County of Berks, is committed.

The House being acquainted, that Sir Richard Allin, lately adjudged to be duly elected a Burgess, to serve in accepting

this Office.

1

‘ J *'

7 Ann.

p* — io* Februarii.

99

this present Parliament for the Borough of de-

fires the Opinion of the House (before he takes his Place) upon the Clause in the Act: of Parliament, of the izth and 13th YeaYs of King William (intituled, An Act for

yovisj 10° die Februarii;

Anno 7* Anna: Regina:, 1708.

granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garrisons, for one Year, and for other necessary Occasions) which relates to the Officers of the Customs; in regard be was, by Letters Patents, granted by King Charlts the 2d, dated the 31st Day of May, in the 30th Year of his Reign, made (by the Name of Richard Anguish) Collector of the great and petty took the Oaths appointed, in order to their

Customs in the Port of Yarmouth, for his Life, but fur- Naturalization, rendered such Office the Seventh Day of February instant,

which was acknowledged and inrolled the next Day; A Petition of the Mayor, and free Burgesses, of the

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; ancient Borough of , in the County of and

And a Motion being made, and the Question being the Gentlemen, and Freeholders of the Places, adjacent.

Pa a v a a s.

DETER Couche, Jamts Chaw ell. Job* Le Quefne, Jeremiah W'ci/hamer, Timothy Baltaza Redan, Joba Gout, Anthony Martell, Charles Le Blane,

Paridom Jasham, Jonas Alberg, Andrew Martin, John

1

J

106.

17a.

W*y» tad Menu.

put. That the Debate be adjourned j The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TCknfor.hcK.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Letters Patents, and Surrender, were produced; and the Surrender read.

Resolved, That the said Sir Richard Allin be admitted to take his Seat in this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itfelfio t a Committee of the

in behalf of themselves, and many hundred others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said Borough, and Places adjacent, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, that cf late such vast Quantities of Worded and Woollen Ob Yarn, wrought and spun in Ireland, hath been imported from thence, and brought to the Markets, where the Petitioners Yarn used to be sold, that the poor Spinners and Combers, usually employed in working up those Commodities, are thereby lo impoverished, that they, and their Families, will become burthensome to their respective Parishes, iff not Ipcedily relieved: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

Morifon'j

Harea.

Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exeter, on the behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Citizens of the said City, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Traders, and

Supply.

Halfair*

Eilat*.

tO|C0"M7fK,h<Lr "d M"" for Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the

railing the Supply granted to her Majesty. Mercha

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, that

they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them

'tP4: If 'icjolutioH wI.ich they had 0(lier ,nhabitams, of the Patish of CuUmpla, in the

tiC H°Use *"U Pl"'e <0 County olDmm, on the behalf of themselves, and many n r , Tk let. d . 1 j t Hundreds of the said Parish, and others, employed in the

Mormfe ’ T R'P rc"'V'd T°'m°rr°W Manufacture within the Parish. and Place,

M-fl_______ c ,. . r U a. k adjacent, was presented to the House, and read: setting

H"c f’.n 1" for,h- ,hil Support of many hundred Families m directed b, the Committee to move, that they may have t,lole Pa, ,s d5pCnds upon the Woollen Manufactures:

nr rT?a'.n.'f u e , That, by reason of the great Importation of Worded Yam

1 hat this House will, upon Mmday Morn- from Irt,,d (housand of Poor, usually employed

ing near, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole j, combi and spinning ,( Wool arc out 0’f Employ-

House, to conIWer further of Ways and Means for railing That frj* Bay Yarn is byanAa.madeinthe loth

the Supply granted to her Majesty. and Ilth Ycais of King H'iUii, allowed to be imported

R’fi'Yf’ h" H°use wi»; M""* NoriSSfi in^the Booktsf Rat«of any^my^oiT/r^ft

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Worsted the ;s en(cn.d , B Vaf0' ,bou'h .(is

to consider stirther of the Supply granted to her Majesty. do(jbfc ,he Va|ue_ and may u fM’£ }0^ Cv,.6cheaper>

r\ j jtl . l d ii . li »t mf//cf than our Worsted Yarn can be made, and so Bay or OrdmJ, That be Bill to enable >«,&/>//, Esqune, Woo||ell r ,d combed Woo|, Proportion' so

ami others, to fell certam Lands and Appurtenances ,n tha, t|)e whoJc Woo|lc, Manuft«ures are likely to be

t < ,0r rP o" i1* CfA"% of TP' Ta translated from this Kingdom into/rrW, as to the work-also the Advow on of he Reflory of CF^Waforesaid; p>rl Weayf led. And f,ch

for Payment of Debts and Portions, be read a. Second RS.rfinthe Premises, as to the fioufe flsaU seem meet.

time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Sir William HufUer Colonel Stanley, Mr. Travers, Mr. Topbam, Mr. Gott, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Thornkagh, be added to the Com

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, on the

mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and improving behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Citi-the Harbour of Morijbn'% Haven, and the Fort there, in the said City, and othere, employed in the

the Shire of Eqfi Lothian, and for amending, and keep- Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places ing in repair, the Highways, leading to the said Har- adjacent, is referred, tieuiv is committed.

Importing Irish Yarn.

Ditto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Trevanion reported from the Committee, to whom Corfo’s Lof* the Petition of John Corfo, a Genoese Merchant, was ty Piracy, referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table j where the same was read, and is as followeth j

viz.

Vo is. 16.

That

IOO

io" Februarii.

A. 1708.

Privilege,

Corfo’* Lof* That it appeared to the said Committee, that the Peti- Captain Fiavell said, he knew Captain Corfu about 20 by Piracy, tioner, Mr. John Corfo, had been a trading Merchant for Years ago, in the West Indiet, and a considerable Trader several Years, and had always a good Reputation, as by in Linen, and other Goods, and had a good Ship of his the Certificates, annexed to the Petition; which the Com- own, and was always looked upon to be a very honest mittee examined, and are as follow; viz. Man, and worth a great deal of Money.

A Certificate of several Merchants of the City of Lon- Mr. Faceti. Agent of Genoa, also said, that he had , Ion, dated the 23d of October, 1702: known Corfo about Six Years; and had been very credibly

Another from the Envoy of Portugal, Tuscany, and informed, by Letters from abroad, and Merchants here the Resident of the Empire, dated the xoth November, in London, that he had been robbed by Kid, the Pirate;

1705: and knew him to be a very honest Man.

Another from one of the Governors of the Bank of Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be "England, dated the 10th March, \ 705: referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are

Another from several Merchants, and Captains of to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ships, dated the 8th oi March, 1705: A Complaint being made to the House, that Sir George

Besides three several Certificates, from the Ambassador H and Mr. Brown, had delivered of Venice, the Envoy of Geneva, and the Envoy to the Declarations in Ejectment to the Tenants of Geo. Ducket,

Duke of Savoy. . Esquire, (a Member of this House) in Breach of the

1 hat it also appeared to the said Committee, that by pjivjieocsof the House

the Report of Doctor Bramston (annexed to the said Peti- Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Pri-tion) that Simon del Rofarto, Merchant, was a Passenger vi]eges to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and in the George Brigantine, Captain Corfo Owner and Com- tj, at tkey (jQ the fame, with their Opinion therein, ma,n?elj at Caraccas, in Indta, hound for Porto Belo\to the House; and that the Committee do meet To-mor-

and had on board several Sorts of Merchandizes, wz. row> at Five a Qock in the Afternoon.

Sugars, Mullins, Calhcoes, Silks, Wine, Brandy, Wool,

Thread, and Bales of all Sorts. of Indian Goods; and A Bill for the better regulating the Manufacture of Woollen that, about a Hundred Leagues off the Coast of Caraccas, the Broad Woollen Cloth, in relation to the Lengths and <rloth Maa*-Kidd, the Pirate, came on board in an amicable Manner, Breadths, was read a Second time. tacture.

and understanding, the Brigantine was richly laden, he Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. seized and carried her away, putting the said Corfo, and Strickland, Sir Edward , Mr. Lowther, Mr.

his Ship’s Company, into a Boat, with some Provisions; Maifters, Mr. Sir Robert Eden, Sir Wm.

but, before he turned them out, the said del Rofarto saw Scawen, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Diston, Mr.

Kid open an Iron Chest, and counted Thirteen Bags of Edifbury, Mr. Bai/lie, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Gold in Bars, and in Gold Dull Eleven or Twelve; and John Stonehouse, Mr. Shepard, Sir John Whitwrcng, Mr.

that, while he was on board, Corfo shewed him Diamonds, Coatsworth, Sir Mr. Cotton, Mr.

and other precious Stones; and that the said Corfo was the Lord , Mr. Gott, Mr. Benson, Mr. Pelham,

Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Gale, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Aiflaby, Mr. Cholmley; and all for the Counties of York, Cumberland,

Somerset, Gloucester, Worcester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the

Owner of the said Ship, and Effects, as aforesaid.

That it further appeared, by the said Doctor s

Report, that Domingo Seraftno, Peter Montalta, and Ephraim Nafleta, Mariners, were also on board the said Brigantine, and said to the same Effect as delRofario, and swore it before the Court of Admiralty; which Affidavits, Speaker’s Chamber, ligned by Richard Crawley, Esquire, Register to the said Court, made it more fully appear.

Dr. Bramston attended, and said, that he made the Report, and had compared the Marks produced by Corfo, as in the Margent of his Report, and found the same exactly to agree with the Marks of the Goods found with Kidd.

Abr. De Almeda, Merchant, said, that he knew Mr.

Corfo ox Cadiz in 1684, and a considerable Merchant, trading in several Sorts of Merchandizes; afterwards had Correspondence with him in the Spanish West Indies, at which Time he had a very good Ship of his own, and was a man of Credit and Reputation: That about Six Years ago, or thereabouts, the said Corfo, coming to England, came to him, and told him, that he had been robbed by Kidd, the Pirate, and desired his Assistance, that he might get some Recompence for what he had loft (which was to a considerable Value) which the said Almeda did, ever since, to the utmost of his Power.

Mr. isaac Dyas and Mr. Abr. Nunes, Merchants, said, that they knew the said Corfo about 14 or 15 Years ago, in the West Indies', and at that Time commanded a good Ship of his own, and was always looked upon to be a very honest Man, and of Substance, before he was robbed by Kidd, as they have been credibly informed.

Ordered, That Mr. Parker have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable John Esquire,

and others, to fell certain Lands and Appurtenances in Charlewood, and Horley, in the County of Surrey, and also the Advowson of the Rectory of Charlewood aforesaid, for Payment of Debts and Portions, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England having made a Proposition in relation

thereunto, that the Committee had thereupon come to a Resolution, both which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

~ in

Leave of Absence.

Hal fall* Eilat*.

Ways and Means,

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain,

Parliament assembled:

The Governor and Company of the Bank of England humbly propose,

THAT their present Fund of One hundred thousand Bank Mr. Broderick, Merchant, said, he hkd a Letter in 1701 Pounds per Annum, payable out of the Five-levenths of BroPol, tl0*

from a Correspondent of his in Barbadoes; the P"rport of the Nine-pence per Barrel Excise, being continued to was, that the said Mr. Corfo having been robbed b)K>dd them until the First of August, One thousand Seven

hundred and Eleven, they are contented, after that Time, to accept Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum ior their original Stock of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, together with Four thousand Pounds per Annum towards their

of Goods to a very great Value, was defiled toaflift him here in England, he being a very honest Man, and a considerable Trader, before his Misfortunes befel him.

Mr. Peter Francia and Mr. Richard also said,

that they had Letters in 1701 from Merchants in Bar- Charges of Management (hitherto paid them) out of the badoes, desiring them to assist Mr. Corfo, he having been laid Fund; after which Payments, there being a Rerobbed by Kidd, mainder of Twenty-four thousand Pounds per Annurrt on

16 the

1

7 Ann.

io* Februariu

tot

the said Fuad, they are ready to advance Four hundred until the said Time, they may be locked as Money, thou&od Pounds, at such Times, as shall be agreed upon, in her Majesty’s Exchequer.

at Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum, being allowed a Di£ That the Bank be no longer obliged to such Circuh-coont of Six Pounds per Cent.per Annum for such Money tion, or Contract, than that the said Premium, of Three (from the respective Times of its Advance) until the said Pounds per Cent, per Annum, be duly paid them, and the First of August, 1711. And they humbly annex to this said Bills accepted in all Payments, as aforesaid:

Article, that they be continued a Corporation, with the That the Bank be not obliged to answer them, as find Fund preserved intire to them, for the Term of Money, till the Bills are re-issued from the Exchequer: Twenty-one Yean, from the said First of Augn/t, 1711, That the Bearers of such Bills may have Liberty to with all the Grants, Privileges, and Immunities, they demand the Payment of them from any Receiver or oow eqjoy, by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts Collector of her Majesty’s Revenue throughout Great of Parliament, redeemable afterwards by Pauiament, on Britain, out of the Publick Money in his Hands; a Year’s Notice, and Repayment of the £1,100,000 That no more Exchequer Bills be issued or made out, first advanced, and iikewik of the £400,000 now to be by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise, without the advanced, and ail Monies then due upon Tallies, Ex- Con fen Bank:

chequer Orders, or other Parliamentary Securities. That such Agreement, made with the Bank, be con-

They are content to take an Annuity of £. 6 per Cent, tinued, till the said Bills are paid off, and cancelled: ptr Annum, payable to them out of the Duties on Houses, That no Member of the Bank, for or by reason only for all the Exchequer Bills, that have been made out to of his acting in the said Circulation, be disabJcd from them, and which, for any Arrears of interest to be due being a Member of Parliament:

the 25th Day of March next, are to be made out to (hem That the Bank have all* other Privileges and Exemp-in pursuance of the Act of Parliament in that behalf (re- tions, in relation to the said Exchequer Bills, as they are deemable by Parliament on a Year's Notice) and to de- entitled to, by Act of Parliament, for the Bills they now liver up the said Bills, as fall as they can get them into circulate; with such further Privileges, as the Parlia-their Custody, to be cancelled; so as a sufficient Provisiotr ment, in their Wisdom, shall think fit, for the better be made for the Payment of the said Annuity weekly, for enabling them to perform the Contract proposed.

Bank

Proportion.

By Order of the General Court.

Jo. Secretary.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Proposition of the Governor and Company of the

the intermediate Time between the said 25th Day of

March next, and the First of August, 1710, when the

laid Duties on Houses are first to become payable by the Ad last mentioned, or that they be allowed Interest upon the Whole, by way of Rebate, for the said intermediate Time, and Io that their Fund of One hundred thousand Pounds pa- Annum, and Corporation, have the Prolonga- Bank of England, for railing several Sums, amounting to tion desired by the First Article. Two millions Nine hundred thousand Pounds, upon mch

The Two preceding Articles being agreed to; to sup- Terms and Conditions, and with such Discount, and by ply the publick Exigencies further, than they are now such Subscription, as are therein mentioned, be accepted, able to do, the pretent Proprietors (being allowed the lb as the said Governor and Company will agree tocir-Dividend of March next) are willing to admit new Sub- culate a further Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds feriptions, for doubling the present Stock, paid in, of in Exchequer Bills, upon the like Terms, as are mcn-£,2,201,171. ioj. upon the Payment of £. 115 for every tioned in the said Proposition. hundred Pounds subscribed, in order to enable them to The said Resolution being read a Second time;

circulate Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds in An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

leaving out these Words, " so as the said Governor and

Company will agree to circulate a further Sum of " £.500,000 in Exchequer Bills, upon the like Terms, " as are mentioned in the said Proposition."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That, towards

Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Government; provided they be not obliged so such Circulation, unless the Subscriptions above-mentioned be completed; and, in cale they are completed, they are willing to undertake the Circulation of such Bills, to the Value of £.2,500,000 upon the Terms, Allowances, and Conditions, following, which they pr.iy may be received as Part of the Propofol contained in this Article; viz.

That a sufficient Fund, or Funds, be appropriated for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Propofi paying off, and cancelling, the whole £.2,500,000 in tion of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-some certain Time: land, for railing several Sums, amounting to Two millions

That a sufficient Fund, or Funds, be appropriated for Nine hundred thousand Pounds, upon such Terms and the Payment of One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Conditions, and with such Discount, and by such Sub-yeaily (being Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum upon the feription, as are therein mentioned, be accepted, laid £. 2,500,000) to be thus applied: Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her

Seventy-five thousand Pounds, one Moiety thereof for Majesty, that Ihe will be gracioufty plealed to issue a Com-the Payment of interest on the Bills, to run at million, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for tak-Three Pounds per Cent, per Annum, or Two-pence ing Subscriptions, for enlarging the capital Stock of the a Day, for each hundred Pounds, and in Proportion Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the for fefler Sums; and better enabling them to comply with the Proposition of

£.75,000 or Three Pounds per Cent, per Annum, to the said Governor and Company, agreed to by this House. be paid quarterly to the Bank, for the Circulation Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her of the said Bills, as Money, after they have passed Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her through the Revenue, and re-issued from the Ex- Majesty’s mod. honourable Privy Council.

chequer (in Proportion to what are Handing out) tiH the whole Sum be paid off, or cancelled:

That the interest of all such Exchequer Bills be paid off, and cleared at the Exchequer, before re-issued from thence:

That such Bills be first issued at convenient Distances of Time, with regard to the publick Services:

That the Bills, so made out, be received in ail Taxes, Loans, and Payments whatsoever, upon any Aids, or Duties, granted, or to be granted, to her Majesty, till the full cancelling, or paying off, all of them; and that, Vot. 16.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart and Commercial William Murray, Merchants, Natives of North Britain, ^j^Scot-’ be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Petition of the Merchants, trading to Virginia, and Maryland \on behalf of themselves, and the Planters of Tobacco in those Colonies.

And the said Petition was again read.

C c And

land.

Tobacco

Tract.

Penne'a

Estate.

Grangers

Estate.

Whitby

Harbour.

African

Trade.

Ditto,

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Petition be rejected;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the W, }

Teflers for the Nocs,j££ of"' } '7S-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the encouraging the Exportation of Tobacco, and other Commodities, and Manufactures, of the Growth and Product of Great Britain, and the Dominions thereunto belonging; and that Mr. Bridges, Sir Henry Bunbury, Mr. Pouheney, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Fellowes:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for further enabling George Pemte, Esquire, to fell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, by inlarging a Trust for that Purpose, contained in a former Act, intituled, An Act for enabling George Penne, Esquire, to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Collins, Clerk, Thomas Parrat, and William Day, Gentlemen, to dispose of certain Lands, for the Payment of the Debts of John Granger, and for making a Provision for the Widow, and younger Children, of Nicholas Granger, his late Father, deceased; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuingan Act, made in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for rebuilding and repairing the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the County of York, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

a Company, exclusive of all others, to trade to Africa: That, considering the present Circumstances of the said Port, in regard to the great Increase of Shipping, their great Increase of Trade to the Plantations, and the great Number of young Gentlemen, bred up there in Merchandize, they conceive, the said Company, so estab I idled, will be a vast Prejudice to the Petitioners, and their Trade to the Plantations, and lessen the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures, and her Majesty’s Revenue, for want of the ui'ual Returns in the Products of the Plantations: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may be kept free and open to all the Subjects of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Art and Mistery of Masons, of the City of London, incorporated by royal Charter, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of their Fellow-subjects, employed in the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that of late Years great Quantities of wrought Marblehave been imported into this Kingdom from Italy, and other foreign Parts, and exposed to Sale here, contrary to all former Usage, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the Ruin of many hundreds of their poor Workmen, and their Families, who (now the publick Structures of the Nation are near finished) will want Bread, and become chargeableto their respective Parishes, unless such Importation be prohibited, their foie Livelihood being in the sawing, and otherwise preparing, the unwrought Marble for the Petitioners, the Workers therein, who make the same Sorts of Commodities much better in Workmanship, than those imported; and, if this growing Evil be not speedi/y prevented by Parliament, the Petitioners have no other Prolpect, but an utter Extirpation of the Art of working in Marble within this Kingdom: And praying, that the House will grant them all fitting Encouragement in their laid Trade, and give Leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the Importation of any wrought Marble, for Sale, into this Kingdom for the future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir William Ashhurfi, Mr. Farrer, and Sir Wm. Whitlock, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Importing

Marble.

Vi tneris, 11° di Februarii;

Anno 7* Annae Reginae, 1708.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Merchants of Aberdeen was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that, by the 4th Article of Union, all the Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain are to have free Intercourse of Trade to and from any Port or Place within the Dominions, or Plantations, of the United Kingdom: That in the last Session of Parliament there were Attempts of setting up of Companies, for particular Branches of Trade beyond Sea, exclusive of all others, which tended to restrain the Privileges, the Petitioners ought to enjoy by the Union; and, left there should be the like Addresses this Session, of which they, at so great Distance, could not have timely Notice of, and yet be excluded, they pray, that there may not be (and conceive there cannot be) any exclusive Articles, or Privileges, granted to any Society of Trade, to the Petitioners Prejudice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Tradesmen, living in, and trading from, the ancient Corporation and Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, the Royal African Company have petitioned this House to be incorporated, and made 23

Mr. Shackerley (according to Order) presented to the Insolvent House, a Bill for the Ease of insolvent Debtors; and the Debtors, same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Seven-night, in a full House.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Boston Bill for enabling Assessments to be made, for repairing. Church, and keeping in repair, the Parish Church of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, (with some Amendments) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Walpole presented to the House (pursuant to their Subfiles Address to her Majesty for the fame) 10 Allies 1

An Account of her Majesty’s Proportion of Subsidies, payable to the Allies, pursuant to the Treaties, for the Year 1709; and also,

An Account of some extraordinary Charges of the War, already incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles thereof were read. 1

And the said Accounts are as follow; viz.

The

7 Ann. i i° Felruarii.

103

The said ACCOUNT of her Majesty’s Proportion of Subsidies, payable to the Allies, pursuant to the Treaties

for the Year 1709.

1 Crowns a Year. £. s. d.

To the King of Denmark, in Bank-money at Hamburgh - - - - -To the King of Portugal, for defraying her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of 13.000 Men, 666,666 Patacoons, 33 Stivers, at 4/. 6//. each -To the Duke of Savoy, at the Rate of 5J>333-f Crowns per Month - 15 0,00 37,500

600,000 150.000 160.000 — —

640,000

More to the Duke of Savoy - -- - 100,000 — —

To the Landgrave of Hejfe Caffell - -- 25,000 5>952 7 6

To the Elector of I reves - -- - 25,000 5’9S* 7 6

To the Elector Palatine - -- - 20,000 4,761 18 6

To the King of Prussia, for defraying her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of 8,000 Men, sent to affill the Duke of Savoy - -- -- - 200,000 50,000 — —

More to the K.ngof PruJJa, by virtue of the Treaties 1701 and 1706, on Account of the 12,000 Men, sent to serve in the Netherlands; viz. For her Majesty’s Share of the Agio, or Difference, of the Money,! Gil. St. current in the Empire, and the Rates, the same Money is current at > 109,666 10 in die Territories, where his Troops arc employed - - -J More for her Majesty’s Share of Bread ----- 153 097 16 More for her Majesty's Share of Forage ----- 125,865 — 388,629 6 37,012 7 6

To the Landgrave of Hejfe, for her Majesty’s Quota, being *ds of his additional Subsidy of 100,000 Crowns per Annum, on Account of Two Regiments of Horse of his Troops, which were in Italy ----- - t 16,666*'* 16,666 13 4

R. Walpole. £ 567,845 14 4

The said ACCOUNT of some extraordinary Charges of the War, already incurred, and not provided for by

Parliament;

For buying One hundred Horses, and Accoutrements, to augment the Regiment of Lord s.

from Eight Tioops, of 54 Men in each Troop, to 60 Men a Troop, and one additional Troop, of the like Number of private Men, Servants excluded ----- 1,500 — —

The same to the Regiment of Dragoons, commanded by Lieutenant General Ross - *,500 — —

For the Fay of the said additional Men, and Two Troops, for one Year, ending the 22d of

December, 1708 - -- -- 7,555 10 —

For buying I?->rfes, and Accoutrements, to complete and augment the Royal Regiment of Horse

Guards, an> I the Regiments of Dragoons of Carpenter and Essex ----- 8,640 — —

For the Pay of the additional Men, and Horses, for the said Regiments, from the 16th Day of

March to the 22d Day of December, 1708 - -- 7*635 3 —

To an additional Charge of Pay to General Officers in Great , to the said.22d December, 1708 ----- - 2,646 5 —

For Levy-money, for augmenting the Forces of North Britai, to their present Establishment - 14,065 — — For her Majesty’s Proportion, being one Moiety of the Charge of extraordinary Forage, and Carriages, provided for the Forces in Flanders, in the Service of her Majesty, and her Allies, this Winter, occ^fioned by the Lateness of the Lift Campaign, the Siege of Ghent, and the Stay of the Imperial, and some other German Troops, in Flanders, who mult otherwise have been obliged to return home to Winter Quarters, upon Account ----- 50,0*0 — —

For her Majesty's Share of the extraordinary Forage for the Danish and Hanover Troops, during their Winter Quarters, in the Years 1707 and 170* ----- 8,959 8 —

For her Majesty’s Share of an Arrear of Extraordinaries, due to the Hejfians, for Men and Horses loft, and for Douceurs, from the Beginning of this present War ----- 18,731 8 II

For an Arrear due to the King of Prussia in the late War, of 56,000 Crowns, agreed to by Treaty - - 14,000 — - —

For Arrears of Subsidies, due to the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJell in the late War, amounting to

254,000 Rix Dollars, pursuant to the Ircaty - -- -- - 60,476 3 9$

For Repairs, Augmentation, and other Services, relating to the Fortifications of Gibraltar and

Alicant, and for extraordinary Expences and Disbursemerrts upon Account of the Garrisons - 20,291 15 3$

For Levy-money for 4,000 Germans from Vado to Catalonia, at 20 Crowns per Man, pursuant to

Treaty - - ----- 20,000 — —

For Levy-money for 2,467 Recruits, wanting to complete the Imperial Infantry, serving in

Catalonia, at 20 Crowns per Man, pursuant to Treaty ----- 12,335 — —

For the Pay of the General and Staff Officers, serving in the Expedition with Lieutenant

General Erie, from the 1 ft of May, 1708, to the 2ad of December following, inclusive - - 6,651 5 4

For contingent Expences on the said Expedition - -- -- - 1,182 13 9

For the Pay of Brigadier Wynn's Regiment, ordered from Ireland, from the 24th Day of

January, 170*, to the 2ad of December, 1708.....12,572 16 4

Vox,. 16. For

ii' Februarii.

Parochial

Libraries.

Handafyde’s and Livefay's Regiments.

Morifon’s

Haven,

Army, &c. Debentures.

to 4

ii

A, 1708.

For the Pay of the en Second Officers, who served in the room of those, which were in Spain, j.

and taken Prisoners at the Battle of Almanza, from the 5th Day of March, to the 22d of December, 1708 - - - *9»3 7 ®

Expences of the War, not yet incurred; viz.

F«r the Pay of the said Second Officers, from the said 22d Day of December

last, upon Account....

For the Pay of a Lieutenant Governor, and other Officers, for the Garrison of the Castle of St. Philipp, in Port , for the Year 1709, at £4. los. a d. per Day -

288,102 17 if

1

s. d.

12,000 — —

1,645 10 10 ----- 10 «©

d*

ii'

R. Walpole.

£. 301,748 7 ni

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to preserve Libraries, that have or shall be erected by charitable Contribution in small Parishes in England-, and the same was received, and'read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the several non-commissioned Officers, late of Sir Henry Bellajis' and Colonel Brewer's Regiments, now under the Command of the honourable Tho. Handajyde and John Livefay, Esquires, by their now Colonels, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the late Commissioners, for taking the public Accounts of the Army, certified £.440. 6 s. 9i d. to be due to the Petitioners, late of Sir Hen. Bellajii' Regiment, and £. 187. 17 s.3! d. to the Petitioners, late of Colonel Brewer's Regiment j but no Debentures have been struck for the fame, in regard the Petitioners were upon Service in the West Indies, until the Time, for issuing Debentures, expired; And praying, that they may have Debentures for the skid Moneys, due to the said Regiments.

Ordered, That the Consideratior. of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matters thereof and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to the Lord Wm. Powlett, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Mr. Prtby, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Walpole, Lord Willoughby, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Monson, Mr. Carey, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir John Awbry, Sir Lambert Blackwell, Mr. Trefufls, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Nicholls, Mr. Mompejj'on, Sir Charles Turner: And they' are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and improving the Harbour of Morifon's Haven, and the Fort there, in the Shire of Eafi Lothian, and for amending, and keeping in repair, the Highways, leading to the said Harbour, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

be made good in the next Session of Parliament after the 24th Day of June, 1703, with Interestat 5 per Cent, per Annum: That, although this House has lately resolved, that a Sum, not exceeding £-49,310. 4 io£ d. be granted, for the Payment of the said Debentures, yet the not making good both the Principal, and Interest, occasions a Discount of about £. 30 per Centum; which tends not only to the Ruin of many of the Petitioners, but also to the great Discredit of the publick Funds} however (con-lidering the present Circumstances of the Government) the Petitioners will endeavour (at present) to rest satisfied under their most pressing Occasions, if the House will grant such an additional Sum, as will answer the Interest due upon the said Debentures to Christmas last:

And praying, that the House will either make effectual Provision for Payment of the said Debt, or at least the Interest thereof to Christmas last.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable John Halfall, Esquire, Halfall’* and others, to fell certain Lands and Appurtenances in Eiwu. Charlwood, and Horley, in the County of Surrey, and also the Advowson of the Rectory of Charlewood aforesaid, for Payment of Debts and Portions, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart and Commercial William Murray, Merchants (presented to the House the wit'hScot-

25th Day of January last) be taken into Consideration laud, upon Monday Morning next; and nothing to intervene.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

ro. h

klsez]

1

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Army 2nd Transport Debentures, on behalf of themselves, and ethers concerned in that Debt, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there has not been any Principal paid on any of the said Debentures, other than what has been funk by the Purchase of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, all which being now fold, the remaining unsatisfied Debentures do amount to £. 960,000 or thereabouts: That by the Act of the 1 ft Year of her Majesty’fc Reign, for making good Deficiencies, and preserving the publick Credit, it is enacted, that the remaining Debentures, unsatisfied by the Irish Forfeitures, shall

Sabbati, 120 die Februarii;

Anno 7" An tatReginae, 1708.

Praters.

J^AWRENCE Bichart, John Jacob Winkler, Andrew Lacour, Lawrence Viderin, Abraham Berchenhout,

James Debord, Anthony Sclirol, took the Oaths, appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Colonel Stanley (according to Order) presented to the Manchester House, a Bill foe building a Church, or Chapel, in the ^"r'^or

Town ttp

A

Ann.

2° Februar

I05

Answer to Addresses*

Greg's giving Information to tfce£aeaj.

Town of Manchester; and the same was received, and begs Leave to lay before your Lordships what, for read the First time. the most Part, he confessed to you with a faultering

Resolved, That the BiJl be read a Second time. Tongue.

As to the Rife of his criminal Correspondence. he de- Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that their dares solemnly (as he shall answer to his Maker) it was-several Addresses, relating to the Moneys, issued, upon none other, than what he ingenuously confessed, upon account of the Equivalent, to SVw/rfm/, and to the publick Examination; craving Leave to add this Reason for Debts, and Claims, brought before the Judges of the . continuing the fame, after the Ship was gone, becaulehe Court of Exchequer there, and to the Revenue and Cuf- was told by Creok/hanks, at parting, it might serve for toms of Scotland, having been prelemed to her Majesty; another: But desisting afterwards from that Request, as

her Majesty had been pleated to give Directions, that the will appear by my other Letters to Mr. ChamiHart, which Papers desired should be laid before the House. *tis humbly supposed, are in the Right honourable Mr.

Secretary s Hands, my unhappy Circumstances

Mr. Secretary Boyle allb reported to the House, tl)?t far tempted me, as to go on in my fatal Folly, in their Address having been presented to her Majesty, to Hopes of some other ensnaring Encouragement, in lieu of issue a Commission for taking Subscriptions, for enlarg- the Prelect for the Pafs 1 endeavoured to procure, ing the Stock of the-Bank of England;her Majesty had Now as the Motive of a Correspondence, lo capical,

been pleased to say, That the would give Directions teemed ft ill a Mystery to your Lordships, when last you accordingly. ordered me out of your Presence, so, in humble Obedi-

ence to your Lordships Commands, I conceived it proper Mr. Secretary Boyle presented to the House (pursuant to begin with tliar, in committing what I could recoiled' to their Address to her Majesty for that Pur; ole)the Pa- to Writing; and again beg Leave to allure your Lord-pers, relating to William Greg; with a List of them. ships, that I can give no other Motive for my unaccount- And the said Lift was read, and is as foJloweth; viz.able Madness, were 1 to die the Death, I most justly dc-Copies of Letters intercepted, wrote by Wm. Gregj serve, before Tommorrow’s Sun: For to say in this

Place, that a Seven Year’s Apprenticeship abroad to the late King’s and her present Majesty’s Ministers deserved more than a Year, were an unpardonable piece of Vanity; and yet this is all, that’s meant, in my first foolish and treacherous Letter, by " Kaifons justes, ct bun

vtz.

One to Monsieur dated

?8 V/»t*mhrr

*707>

9 Ocvaubrr,

with a Copy of the Queen’s Letter to the Emperor: Another to Monsieur Robineau, dated with

an Extra <fl of Martha I Tallard's Letter to dated

the toth December, 1707.

Translation of the said Letters.

Copy ofan Original l etter from Greg to Monsieur

fondecs" if your lordships take in the Errand I wasfent upon to Edinburgh, in his Grace the Duke of drgvyk'% Parliament.

In my second Letter I gave an Account of the unfor-

Robineau, dated 2d December, 1707, under whose Cover tunate Lufs of Sir and two other Ships;

Greg's Letters were lent to Monsieur ChamiHart-, and he and in my Third 1 informed Mr. Chamillart of what had

tokes notice, in this Letter, of his writing to Monsieur pafl"cd between Sir and the Gentlemen of

the Admiralty, at his taking Leave of them; which was, as I had heard, that he had no great Heart to the Expedition he was going upon, were it not, that the World might think, he abandoned the Government, after he had got an Estate by it. The following Letters, to the best of my Remembrance, contained nothing material, besides the Accounts of her Majesty s Speeches, of the Addresses of both Houses, and their Proceedings, till I was so mad, as to meddle with her Majesty’s letter to the

Chamiliait.

Translation of the said Letter.

Copy of an intercepted Letter from IVm. Greg to Monsieur Chamillart, dated 1707, inclosed in

Marshal Tallard's Letter to Monsieur Robineau at Paris.

Translation of the said Letter.

G'py of Extra<fts of Letters, all written in William Greg's own Hand, and delivered by him at his first Examination before the Lords. These Letters are dated 26, and 30th Dec.mber, 1707; being what, he la d, he wrote Emperor, and the Memorial of the States Quota of out of the Letters, which came to Marshal Tallard, and s,’; Vnr h/*:n'T "u:" h"

Ships: For it being plain, by the Extract of Robineau'% Letter to Marshal Mallard, that all mine came to hand, and consequently delivered to Mr. Chamillart, ’twere so preclude all Hopes of Mercy, to mince the Matter, did but my Memory serve me, amidst the Croud of confused and distracted Thoughts.

Mr. Robineau never failed owning the Receipt of my Letters, by omitting.as they camcinCourse to his Hands, the Lice he usually drew under the Word c< Nottingham," in the Direction of his to the Marshal; whose Answer, in a Letter to Robineau, for Mr. Chamillart, who had dc-fired the Marshal’s Opinion of your Lordships Pannel, . before he made me any Answer, may perhaps not be altogether improper to trouble your Lordships with; because I know not, but it may serve to let your Lordships And also a Copy of the said Wm. Greg'sConfession, (who are sufficiently appriled of the Artifices of the all wrote with his own Hand, and signed with his own French') a little farther into the whole Secret of so much

which he took to relate to his Correspondence. Translation of the said Extracts.

Copy of an original Letter, all in Urn. Greg's Hand,

to Monsieur Chamillart, dated 1707. The ori-

ginal Paper was found in Mr. Gref’s Closet, in the Middle of a Quire of fair Paper, ‘January 3d, 170^. Translation of the said Letter.

Copy of Wm. Greg's Confession, all wrote with his own Hand, and signed with his own Name, in presence of the Lords, January 3d, 17©^, at the Cockpit.

Transl ti >n of that Part of the said Confession, which is in French.

Name, in the Prelence of the Lords of the Committee of Council, January 3d, 170J, at the was read, and

is as fofloweth; viz.

My Lords,

AS it was with the utmost Surprize and Confusion, that the unbappieft Wretch alive was justly arraigned by the Right honourable Mr. Secretary Harley, in

fair Dealing from that Quarter. The Marshal’s Answer, as near as 1 can remember, was in the following Words: " Pour ce qui regarde le deuxieme Article de votre " Lettre, je n’avois eu aucune Connoiflance de ce qui " contenoient celles dont vous meparlez avant 1’arrivce " de votres par fix Ma'es a la fois. Je fuis fort oblige des Offres, qu’on salt; mais je nc puis m’en servir tant que je fuis Prisonnier: Lorfquc je lerai de retour your Lordships Presence Yesterday, for the blacked: of " en France,j’entemoignerai ma reconnoifiance, ct lache-Crimes, which his Necessities, not Disloyalty, unwarily " rai de porter celui, a qui la Personne a ccrif, d*en user led him into; (bit is with the deepest Sense of Guilt, and " de meme. Dites a celui, pour qui vous feevez, que an utter Abhorrence of the fame, that he tnoft humbly " j’ai la derniere Consideration, que les Oftres qu’on salt, Voa. 16. D d " nc

ft

r,

African

Trade.

to 6

i ie Februarii.

A. 1708

ne conviennent point dans le temps pre lent, au tnoins par rapport £ moy: Allez a Versailles, et rendcz luy la reponfe qu’il attend de moy la-dessus."

Now, My Lords, permit your Pannel to lay, with the utmost Submission and Deference* that, whatever other End Mr. Chamillart might propose to himself to serve, by sacrificing so frankly a criminal Commis, some Part of his Design would leem to be so timed, as to lave the Marshal from any new Mortification by a Discovery (whenever it should happen) that would involve him equally in the Guilt. But, left your Lordships should think, that your Pannel. laid any manner of Strefe on a Present from the Marshal, upon his Return into France, which seemed, when he made that Promise* to be very remote, and uncertain, I do hereby declare, that I never looked upon it any otherwise, than as a men French Com* pliment, which Mr. Chamillart has very fealbnably marred, both for the Marshal, and himself, who, it would appear* was displeased at the Marshal’s engaging him too deep.

As to that villainous Expression " Prince Refugie," which his Grace my Lord Duke of Marlborough did so deservedly first tax your Lordships Pannel with j I declare solemnly, before God, and your Lordships, that my Heart did not go along with the Hand, that wrote it} for which, however, I acknowledge, the one ought to be struck off, the other pulled out alive, though but for mentioning it once in the whole course of my criminal Correspondence, nay (which is more) in all my Life before; and yet, that it escaped me that once, was rhore Matter of just Concern to me afterwards, in my lucid Intervals, than all I had wrote besides, though every Tittle of it was, in its own Nature, capital: For let me most humbly beseech your Lordships to believe, that, if I have foolilhly given a handle for so horrid a Tache, it is but of avery late Date, having never been reputed a Jacobite, nor frequented the Company of those inconsiderable few, whom the World branded with that Name, either here.

or at Edinburgh; on the contrary, my Lords, Murray, who was lately taken up there, intended me neither K.ind-ness, nor Honour (how proud soever I should have been of wearing that Character) when he called me, in a publick Company (as I heard afterwards) the flmover Resident $ which, considering the Ferment some of my Countrymen were then in, was not so very safe. I would not seem to make a Merit of this to her Majesty, or extenuate the Crime, for which I am impannelled before your Lordships; but, if I must die, according to my Demerit, let it be without the odious Name of a Jacobite; which I do hereby, and henceforth, utterly, disc claim, and abjure, as heartily and sincerely, as if I took that Oath in the most solemn Manner.

William Greg.

Signed by William Greg, being first read to him, at the,

January 3d, 1707, and owned to be all his own Hand-writing.

R. H. Sund.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table* to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The rest of the Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being acquainted, that an Officer from the Commissioners of the Customs attended, be was called in, and presented to the House, An Account, shewing the Quantities, sworn Values, and Subsidy Duties, of Five Pound per Cent, ad valoremupon English unwrought Copper, exported between the Twenty-ninth Day of September, 1697, an(l the Twenty-fifth of,

1707.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

From

Michaelmas, 1697, to Christmas, 1698

Christmas, 1698, to Christmas, 1699 -Christmas, 1699, to Christmas, 1700 -

Chrfimas, 1700, to Christmas, 1701 -

Christmas, 1701, to Christmas, 1702

Christmas, 1702, to Chrfimas, 1703 -Chrfimas, 1703* to Chrfimas, 1704 -Christmas, 1704, to Chrfimas, 1705 -

Chrfimas, 1705, to Christmas, 1706 -Chrfimas, 1706* to Christmas, 1707 -

Totals-

Quantities. Sworn Values. Subsidy Duty.

C. £)r. L. £ d. £. s. d.

160 670 33 *o —

79 *3 448 10 8 22 8 6

74 21 526 18 6 26 6 11

— 1 — 1 16 — — 1 9*

I. 3- 69 3 9

24 2 4 *47 *5 — 7 7 9

I20 600 30

40O 2,000 100 — —

60O 3,000 , So

100 450 22 IO

1,597 2 10 7,914 — 2 395 *3

Nttie, That considerable Quantities of wrought Copper have been annually exported in Ten Years past; bu English wrought Copper, and foreign Copper manufactured here, paying t he same Duty of 10 d. per Hundredweight, the Merchants do not distinguish, in the Warrants for Exportation, which is which.

Custom-house, London, Inspector General’s Office, Charles D'AvenassL

12th February, 1708.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, And then he withdrew,

to be perused by the Members of the House. And the Title of of the find Accounts was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts

The House being informed, that a Person from the Cursitor Baron of tire Court of Exchequer attended, he was called in, and at the Bar presented to the House, the Accounts, which the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer has received from the African Company, arising from the Duty of Ten Pound per Cent, how, and in what Manner, they have disposed and laid out the same yearly, according to the Directions of the Act of Parliament, made in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, from the 24th of ’June, 1698, to , 1708;

being Eleven in Number.

be referred to the Committee of the whole House; who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of John Burk, commonly called Lord phin, in behalf of himself, and of his Grace John, Lord Archbishop of Tuam, and others, Purchasers under him the said John Burk, and his Trustees, that paid their Money into the Receipt of her Majesty’sExchequer in Ireland, for the Use of the Publick according to the ACb of Parliament

Duty on Copper.

Earl of

ClunrickarJ’s lilt ate.

L.OO£le

7 Ann.

12® Februa

\0f

liament in the Petition mentioned, or one or more of Proportion of the Subsidies, payable to her Allies, pur-them, was pretented to the House, and read; letting forth, suant to the Treaties, for the Service of the Year 1709.

aL-,. aL. n*. v__________ n.____] 1,) pa.a *t*l - O'____1 L *______] O-_____1

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the Yew, [ J

*7-

Teller, for ehe No«,

132.

that the Petitioner was restored to his Blood, and Estate,

by an Act of Parliament, made in England \in the First

Year of her Majesty’s lteign, for malting Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanrickard, and the Lord Bophin, paying £. 25.000 for the Use of the Publick; which was to be raised by Mortgage, or Sale, of the said Estate, or a competent Part thereof, and by Sale of Woods, to be paid before the 25th of Martha

1703: That by another Act of Parliament, made in England, in the First Year also of her Majesty’s Reign, for So it passed in the Negative, advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-for veiling such, as remain unfold by the Trustees, in her mittee, in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceed- Majesty, and for explaining several Acts, relating to the ing Three hundred and One thousand Seven hundred Lord Bophin, and Sir Redmond Everard, the Petitioner Forty-eight Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Eleven Pence had further Time allowed him, to pay the said Sum of Farthing, be granted to her Majesty, to defray the £.25,000. That the Petitioner fold above £.2,000 a Year, extraordinary Charges of the War, already incurred, of his Estate, for raising the said Sum; yet there remained and not before provided for by Parliament, unpaid thereof about £. 681, by which the Petitionerand

his laid Purchaser's Estates is rc-vested in the Crown, as The House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Security for the Payment of the said £.681. That there Election for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of was much more Money received out of the Petitioner’s

Estate by the Trustees for Irish Forfeitures, in the said And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

Acts mentioned, and paid into the Exchequer in Ireland, And the Petition of Reynolds Esquire, re-

for the Uses of the Publick, than would have paid the lating to the said Election, was read, lame, which was applicable to the Payment of Debts, and And then the Counsel were heard, and several Wit- incumbrances, precedent to the Petitioner’s Estate, and heftes examined, on both Sides.

Hindoo

Ele&io&l

Forfeiture, and which were to be paid first, yet are Hill left an Incumbrance upon the Petitioner’s Estate: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn; And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Sir Janes How, Baronet, is duly elected a

the Petitioner’s Relief, in relation to his Estate in IrelandBurgefs, to serve in this present Parliament for the said upon Payment of such Part of the said Sum of £.25,000 Borough of;

as now remains due, and to veil the fame, pursuant to the Intentions of the said Acts, as if the !aid£. 25,000 had been paid within the Times appointed by the said Acts.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord Coning sly. Sir Gilbert Dolbev, Mr. and

Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House divided: The Noes go forth:

T »<

Tellers for the Noes.

} 7*

J '33*

Wallingford

Writ.

So it passed in the Negative.

That Edmund Lambert, Esquire, is duly Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the the said Borough of Hindon.

electing a Burgas to serve in this present Parliament for Then a Motion being made, and the Question being the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, in put, That Reynolds Calthorp, Esquire, is duly elected

the room of Wm. Jennings, Esquire, deceased.

Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for- the said Borough of Hindon;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas Pe’

tellers for the leas, £Sr

Tellers for the Nc*s. $£

3

120.

86.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered \That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the said Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, by rafing out the Name of Sir James How,

Supply. Mr. Farm (according to Order) reported from the

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the two Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

’ That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Sixty-seven thousand Eight hundred Forty-five Pounds, Fourteen 1 j Shillings, and Four Pence, be granted to her Majesty,

I to defray her Majesty’s Proportion of the Subsidies, Baronet, and inserting the Name of Reynolds 1 payable to her Allies, pursuant to the Treaties, for the Esquire, instead thereof.

Service of the Year 1709.

Resolved, Tha.t it is tire Opinion of l his Committee, That That Mr. Mr. Aiflabie, Mr.

a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and One thousand Proufe, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Monson, Mr. Mr.

Seven hundred Forty-eight Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Coke, Mr. Herne, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mr. Clark,

Eleven Pence Farthing, be granted to her Majesty, to Sir Richard How, Mr. Cozvper, Mr. Nicholas, be added defray the extraordinary Charges of the War, already to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, incurred, and not before provided for by Parliament. Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants The First Resolution being read a Second Time; and Traders, of the City of Exeter, on the behalf of An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by themselves, and many thousands of the Citizens of the leaving out " Sixty-seven," and to inlert "Fifty-three" laid City, and others, employed in the Woollen Manu

Importiqfj Iriflj Yarn.

instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Fifty-three thousand Eight hundred Forty-five Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Four Pence, be granted to her Majesty, for her Majesty’s Vol. 16*

fastures within referred.

the said City, and Places adjacent, is

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mornings Nine a Clock.

io8

14° Februarii

j4. 1708.

Luna, 14* Februarii;

Anno 7# Annae Reginae, 170?. Prayers.

Oxf4ri

Roads.

Pradftiaigh's

£rtate.

Ref That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. (according to Order) preferred to the House, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen intituled, An Act for the

repairing and amending of the Bridges, and Highways,

SIR Gilbert Dolben (according to Order) presented to near unto the City of Oxford-, and the same was received, the House, a Bill for vesting in Trustees the Fourth and read the First time.

Part of a Fourth Part of the Estate in the Counties Refol, That the Bill be read a Second time, of Essex, Suffolk, Gloucester, Kent, Surry, Hertford, and

City of London, late the Estate of the Countess of Oxford, Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause of Supply Bill;

to be sold, and with the Moneys, arising the reby, to pay Credit, upon the Third reading the ingrossed Bill for Malt Duties. Sir Roger Bradshaigh’sSifter’s Portion of Two thousand charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Pounds, and to his Mother Three hundred Pounds, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1709. and the Debts of his Father, and his Brother’s Portion,

charged upon his Lancafiire Estate, so that the same may Ordered, That the Abstract of the Accounts of the be disincumbered thereof, and with the Remainder of the Revenues of the Crown, Taxes, and Moneys borrowed.

Money, arising by such Sale, to purchase other Lands in for one intire Year (to wit) from. Michaelmas, 1707, to the County of Lancaster, to be settled to the same Uses, Michaelmas, 1708, be referred to the Committee, who as the Lancashire Estates are by his Marriage Settlement; are appointed to consider of Methods for the effectual

___I i. 1_r_ :__1____1____I i. L ~ r.-A _ r__________ r r IF r r

Revenaet, Taxes, See*

HimJon

Return

amended.

and the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Ordef) amended the Return for the Borough of in the County of Wilts.

Dickies*

Dilate*

A Petition of John Dickins, of in the County of Stafford, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, for and on behalf of Thomas, Mary, Hefier, and Diana, Dickins, Infants, and Children of the said John and Mary Dickins, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that, on the Petitioners Intermarriage, the Manor of Preen, with its Appurtenances, and other the Petitioner John’s Estate, in the County of Salop, and his Estate in called Leaton’s Farm, were settled upon Trustees, for 500

Years, to raise Portions for younger Children, and then to the Use of the Petitioner John, for Life, without Impeachment of Waste, and after that (subject to a Rent-charge of/. 150 per Annum, to his Wife, for her Life)

to his right Heirs forever, with a Power to grant Leases for 21 Years, or for Lives, of the Manor of Preene, and to sell the same, with Consent of the Trustees, upon the

Execution of several Laws, now in force, for excluding from the House of Commons Officers, and such, as receive Pensions, during Pleasure.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart, and Commercial Wm. Murray, Merchants, presented to the House the Intercom-. 25th Day of January last, be taken into Confederation upon this Day Seven-night.

An ingrossed Bill for charging, and continuing, the Supply Bill; Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Malt Duties, Sendee of the Year 1709, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, being a Clause of Credit, or Loan.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up; the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That all Differences and Appeals, touching the charging, or paying, the

N'n

fca

that shall happen*

laid Duties, shall be determined in the Counties, Cities,

Petitioned Estate in'IaTds, oFequfl Boroughs, and Towns-corporate, where they arise, and

Value: That the Stnffordshire Estate is mortgaged, and not e‘lev(here.

- - - 00 And the same was read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

put. That the Clause be read a Second time.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the

hi*.

Granger's

Estate.

the Manor of Preene is liable to Debts and Incumbrances, land is Jet out on Leases for Lives; and the Tenants committing great Waste, the Petitioner has bought some of their Leases, and contrafted for the best Part of the rest; whereby, and by the other Incumbrances, the Petitioner is become indebted about /. 4,000, which is much less, thah he could raise by his Power of making Leases, and,

taking Fines; yet he is willing to relinquish his Power, Ie*r ]7°?-T, , p;T,

by reason the firae would be eery prejudicial io the said T Ordered That Mr. do carry the B,!l to the

Estate, and his Issue (if executed) provided the Petitioner Lords- and desire the,r Concurrence thereunto. , be enabled to charge the Estate with the said /. 4,000, Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges do hear Committee which all Parties concerned are contenting to: And pray- the Matter of the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege Privileges

ing, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable against Geo. Duckett, Esquire, (a Member of this House) the Petitioner to chatge the Manor of Preen with £.4,000, upon Wednesday come-seven-night.

(referring £.I to Rent-charge, for his Wife's Jointure) , Vm, (accord; to Order) fcnted to lhe F.,,

in lieu of his Power of leafing the said Manor, fin- pur- House, a Bill for nimrJ12i,g of f0Jg, ProKstants i fwwUM.

»"d th'{amc *" re"iv'd- "d read Firsttime. L

Mortgage, and other Incumbrances, and to enable the RlJM Xha, ,ls B;n be read a Secc, nd tirae.

Manor "° "* ‘ S~d *"

of Preen, with the Consent of the Trustees, pursuant to

the said Marriage Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Stiff ex.

M*i' Francis Annefleyand Mr. Serjeant G/r^r do prepare. Order That the Report from the Committee, to

and bring in, the Bil. whom the Bill for repairing and improving the Harbour

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of Morifon's Haven, and the Fort there, in the Shire of to enable William Collins, Clerk, Thomas Parrat, and East Lothian, and for amending, and keeping in repair,

William Day, Gentlemen, to dispose of certain Lands, the Highways, leading to the said Harbour, be received for the Payment of the Debts of John Granger, and for upon Wednesday Morning next, making a Provision for the Widow, and younger Children,

of Nicholas Granger, his late Father deceased, was read Ordered, That the Bill to enable John Ha fall, the First time. Esquire, and others, to fell certain Lands and Appurte-

nances

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the double Return for

<5

r*.

"Hi.

Si*.

Mori son* Daveo.

Ilalfair*

Kl'tate.

7 A*JN. 140 — 1516° -^Februarii. rt>9

nances ia Charlevmi, and Hoeiey, in the County of Surrey,

and also the Advowson of the Rectory of aforesaid, for Payment of Debts and Portions, be read a Second time upon this Day Beven-night, at Twelve a dock.

Way* and Refehcj, That th is House will, upon Wednesday Morrj-Mmd*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ponfider further of Ways and Means for taifiqg the Supply granted to her Majesty.

CaswnhMe Ordered, That Mr. Vincent, Mr. Batman, Mr. Camp-ofPnwbg*. Mr. Ddbem, Mr. Sir Cka. Turner, Sir

Gilbert EM tot, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr.

JVJpriJm, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Owen, be added to the Cwmnittee of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock,

Mortis, p 50 Februorii j

Anno f Ann* Regin*, 1708.

Praters.

Handafrde'* S\RJ)E RED, That Sir Rich. Farrington, Sir

Unfit* Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Qha. Hot ham, Mr. Ca/thorpe, Mr. Praed, Mr. Hampden, Mr, Thompson, Major General Farrington, Mr. Morifon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several non-commissioned Officers, late of Sir Henry Be/Lips' and Colonel Brewer's Regiments, is referred.

enter upon *their Office, and are fivorn tokeep the Queen’s Court of Record, according to Custom; and at the lanje Time the Keys, Where the Charters and Records, are kept, and the Corporation Books, are, and ought to be, delivered over to the (enior BaHHf j but William Esquire (a Member of this House, and Recorder of tqe said Corporation) bath gotten into his PoflefBop the Charters, and Corporation Books, and refuseth to deliver them, and hath difpflaced his late Deputy, and not appointed another, for keeping the Courts of Record there: And praying, that, in regard the Petitioners can have no Redress at Law, they may be relieved in the Premises, as the House shall think convenient,

' Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

A Mr Huge from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Hol/ord;

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Y , N to enable Edward Sainthill (late Edward Yard) Esquire, " *me' to change his Surname from Yard to Sainthill, according to the Will of Samuel Sainthill, Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Gay’g Eft»t* for veiling the Site, capital Messuage, or Farm, of the Manor of South-stoke, and Lands thereunto belonging, in the County of Somerset, late the Estate of John , Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the speedier Payment of his Debts, and better Performance of the Trulls therein mentioned; to which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

P «’* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Ei'tate. for further enabling George Esquire, to fell Lands,

for Payment of his Debts, by enlarging a Trull for that Purpose, contained in a former Act, intituled, An Act for enabling Geo. Paine, Esquire, to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Whitehaven Mr. Peyton reported from the Committee, to whom tl&rbour. the Bill for preforving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And be read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s 1 able; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the Residue agreed unto, by the House} and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ptmifhiig Mr. Walpole (according to OrJer) presented to the Mutiny and House, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and Defcrtim. false Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read To->raorrow Morning.

Controverted Resolved, That this House will (alter this Week) hear Eleflitn*. the Merits of Elections upon only.

Sofleren at Refohe4, That this House wifi, upon Saturday come-

tteviswdSt. seven-night, take into Confederation the Report of the Chrtftojiwrs. Lorcj High Treasurer (made upon an Address to her Majesty the x 8th Day of 1706) relating to the

JLofles of the People of the Islands of Nevis and St. Chri/hphers.

..... A Petition of the Bailiff senior, and the Burgefits, of Corporation the ancient Borough and Corporation of Eafi Retford, in Charter* the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bailiffs for the Time being, by the ancient Charters of the Corporation, are to keep every Three Weeks a Court of Record, for determining all Causes arising within thejurilcliftion of the said Corporation: That on every Michaelmas Day the Bailiffs Vol. 16.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland, Mr.

Mr. Page, Mr. White, Sir Richard Allin, Mr. Paddington, Navigation Mr. Ferrier, be added to the Committee, to whom

the Bill for making die River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, is committed.

The House proceeded to the bearing the Merits of the steyning Election, and double Return, for the Borough of Steyning, Election, in the County of Sussex.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petition of Harry Goring, Esquire, and also, the Petition of the Right honourable Richard Lord Bel lew, relating to the said Election, and Return, was read.

And the Counsel were heard, and several Witnesses were examined, in relation'to the Merits of the double Return.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

Refolded, That Harry Goring, Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament far the Borough of Steyning.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the Merits of the said Election be adjourned.

Ordered, That it be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to take eff the Indenture, by which the said Richard Lord Bellew is returned a Burgess for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clcck.

Mercurii, 160 die;

Anno 7* Ann® Regin*, 1708.

Prayers.

> ETER Dolmer, and Cornelius Vandeurin, todk the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of Thomas Nifbett, on behalf ofhimself, and Exporting the rest of the Brass Wire-makers of England, was pre- Bras* Wir*.

£ e fen ted

GefO

IfO

i6° Febmarii.

A, 1708.

- fented to the House, And read j letting forth, that for- hour, but also upon all Land Carriages, and Travellers, merly England paid £.20,000 per Annum, for Brass Wire: passing through the adjacent Parishes, through which ar» That the reritionershavefet up Works, and madegreater the Roads, leading to the City of Edinburgh, and other Quantities of Brass Wire, than Great Britain can consume; the greatest Market Towns in that Country; and which and, if they were encouraged, they could supply Ireland must be very prejudicial to the Petitioners Estates: And and Russia with the lame: And praying, that they may praying, that they may be heard, before the passing of the be allowed to export Brass Wire Duty-free. laid Bill, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Bewdley

Writ,

Steyning

Return

amended.

Buy I Sell Cattle.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of in the room of the honourable Henry Herbert, Esquire, (now Lord Herbert of Cherbury) called up to the House of Peeis.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, holding Lands within the Shire of,

was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Bill depending in the House, for repairing and improving the Harbour of Morifon’s Haven, and for amending, and keeping in repair, the Highways, leading to the said Harbour, will be a great Incumbrance upon Trade, by laying a Duty on all Ships and Goods coming into the said Harbour, and upon all Carriages, and Travellers, passing through the adjacent Towns on the Roads between South Britain and; and it will

Morifon

Haven.

Order) took off the Indenture, by which the Lord Beliew ajf0 rend to prejudice the Petitioners private Estates, was returned a Buigeft, to serve in this present Parliament —

for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sufex.

Mr. Drnxill Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain the Act of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, concerning the buying and selling Cattle in Smithfield, to as to give Leave to Persons, uling

the Trade of Butchers, to fell Calves, Sheep, and Lambs,

which will thereby be as much burthened, as by the Land Tax, and will be otherwise burthensome to the Petitioners, to an insupportable Grievance: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and

Ditto.

dead, to other Butchers, was committed; that they had Town Council, of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had and as representing the whole Community, was presented directed him to report to the House: Which he read in to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s a Bill in the House, for repairing the Harbour Table; where the same were once read throughout, and Jon’s Haven, the Petitioners represent, that it mull highly then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question prejudice them, by the Duty it imposes on all Ships and

Duties on Brats Wire.

Army Debts.

Morifon’s

Haven.

severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to be Bill, to prevent Hawkers felling Meat about the Streets.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and then the Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, what the Duties on Brass Wire, made from English Copper, does amount to, for the last Ten Years.

A Petition of the non-commissioned Officers of the Right honourable Lieutenant General was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the late Commissioners of Accounts for the Army certified £.526. 8j. §{d. due to the Petitioners; but no Debentures were made out for the lame, by reason the Petitioners were in the West Indies Service, until the Time for issuing the same expired: And praying the House to relieve them, by ordering Debentures to be made out to the Petitioners for the said Money due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several non-commissioned Officers, late of Sir Henry Bellafls' and Colonel Brewer’s Regiments, now under the Command of (he honourable Tho. and John

Livefay, Esquires, by their now Colonels, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

A Petition of several Noblemen and Gentlemen, holding Lands within the Shire o was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Bill brought into the House, for repairing and improving the Harbour of Morifon's Haven, and the Fort there, in the Shire of East Lothian, and for amending, and keeping in repair, the Highways, leading to the said Harbour, the Petitioners conceive, the same will put a great Stop to all Ttade in that County, since it not only lays a Duty n all Ships and Merchandize, coming into the said Har-

Merchandize coming into the said Harbour, but more especially by the Imposition on Land Carriages, and Travellers, passing through the adjacent Parishes, leading to the said City: That it will be hard to grant such extraordinary Privileges to a mean and obscure Village, which contributes not Six-pence to the Support of the Government, of Design to compliment a private Gentleman, at the Expence of the whole Royal Boroughs, who pay the Sixth Part of the Cess of the Nation: And praying, that they may be heard before the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report Irom the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Then Sir Francis Mafhan (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with some Amendments to several of the said Amendments) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard at the Bar of this House, against the Bill, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, before the Bill be ordered to be ingrossed.

A Petition of William Mallet, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Years 1702 and 1703 the Petitioner was bound unto her Majesty for his Father, Baldwin Mallet, Esquire, then Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, who, by extraordinary Misfortunes in Returns of Money into the Exchequer, incurred great Debts to her Majesty, whereby all the Lands, which were entailed upon the Petitioner, became subject to her Majesty’s Debt, whereof the Petitioner4iath (through extremeDifficulties) paid £. 4,768. 17 /. into the Exchequer, by Sale of the entailed Lands; but yet there remains a considerable Debt due to her Majesty, which the Petitioner is unable to pay, without his utter Ruin: And praying (in Companion to

his

Ditto.

*1

Mallei'* Debt to tb* Crown.

’Ji

o

Ann.

i 6* — 18° Februarii.

hi

Land Tax Arreara.

mu

m

his Flmily) that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common to enable the Lord High Treamrer to compound the Council, of the City of was presented to the

Debt from the Petitioner, aa Surety for his said Father. House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner* Ordered , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, understand, Endeavours are made to obtain an Act of according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Parliament, to prohibit theimportation of Yarn into the Earl of Hertford', Sir Peter King, Mr. Gwyn, and this Kingdom, or to load it with such a Duty, as may

Mr. Freeman, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. amount to a Prohibition: The Petitioners conceive, that

Irish Yam is the only Means to enable the People of Then the Accounts, which were laid before this House, Ireland to take from this Kingdom the Product of the the 4th Instant, by the Agents for the TaxeJ, of what Plantations, and also Grocery, Hops, Silks, fine Cloths, Receivers General are in Arrear upon the 9th and ioih and other Manufactures, of all Sorts, made in this King-Four Shillings Aid, and also of what hath been paid into dom, which they cannot pay for but by their Yarn: the Exchequer on the Eleventh 4/. Aid, being again read; That it is a great Help to our Woollen Manufacture to Ordered \That the said Accounts be referred to a be mixed with Irish Yarn, without which it cannot be Committee, to examine the Matter thereof, and report afforded at lo cheap a Rate, as now it is, and then we the same to the House; mult lose our Sales at foreign Markets; neither are there

And it is referred to Mr. Bromley, Mr. Annejly, Sir Hands enough in for spinning for the Manu-

IVm. Drake, Mr. Freman, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Calthorpe, fastures j and the bringing over of Yarn doth, in great

Impartial

IrUhVan

Mr. Sherard, Mr. Mr.

chequer, Mr. Dot ben, Mr.

Chancellor of Ex- Mr. MonRon, Earl

Measure, prevent the lending of Wool unwrought into foreign Parts; and a Prohibition will be a great Loss to

of Hertford, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Marsham, Sir Rich, the Queen’s Revenue, which must be made good by the How ', Sir Peter King, Mr. Rowney, Sir The. Hanmer, People of this Kingdom: And praying, that the House

will take the Premises into Consideration, and provide such Remedy* as shall be thought necessary.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exeter, on behalf of themselves, and many thoulands, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places

Debit to the Crown

Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Aijlaby , Lord Coningsby, Mr.

Conyers, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Nevill, Lord Lorn ley,

Mr. Diston, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Farrer, Sir IVm. Withers, Sir John Holland, Mr. Wortley,

Mr. Pagett: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to enquire into what other adjacent, is referred.

Arrears there are on the other Land Taxes. A Petition of the Merchant-adventurers in the City of

was presented to the House, and read; letting Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her forth, that, if Irish Yarn, made of Wool, should be Majesty, that Ihe will please to give Directions to the prohibited from being imported into this Kingdom, it cumpo . ppopgr Officers, that there may be laid before this House, will put a full Stop to the great Trade between the Two an Account of what publick Debts have been com- Kingdoms, they having no other considerable Way to pounded, and what has been received upon such Com- make Payment for our Commodities, than by Yarn; petitions, and what Receivers have compounded. and it would put the People of Ireland upon all Ways to

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her export their Wool to foreign Parts (though never so ha- Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her zardous) which will be far more prejudicial to this King- Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council. dom, than the Importation of their Yarn; and the French

having gotten most Part of the Wool into their

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take Hands, and their Labour being 30 per Cent, cheaper than into Consideration the Petition of the Representatives of ours, they have been able to undersell us in_foreign Mar-the Royal Boroughs of North Britain, formerly called Scotland.

And the Petition was again read.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the Matter of the said Petition;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ditt*.

Export of Salt Provisions from Scotland.

Ways and Means.

Resolved, Tint this House wUJ, upon Friday Morning

kefs; and, if, by such Prohibition, the Price of our Woollen Goods be raised, we mull of Consequence lose our foreign Trade, and endanger the Exportation of Irish Wool to France; besides, it will very much lessen the Queen’s Revenue: And praying, that the House will take such Care in the Premises, as shall be effectual for the Petitioners Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of

next (the first Business) resolve itself into a Committee the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exeter, on behalf

Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty,

Woollen

Cloth

Manufacturt.

Ordered, That all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Essex, be added to the Committee, to whom the

Bill for the better regulating the Manufacture of broad Woollen Cloth, in relation to the Lengths and Breadths, is committed. 0

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine a Clock.

till

Veneris, 18° die Februarii;

Anno 7* Anme Regina?, j 708.

Jibing

-lechou.

Prayers.

f\R D E R E D, That the Lord Bellew have Leave to withdraw his Petition, relating to the Election for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex.

Vo l. 16.

of themselves, and many thousands, employed in the Woollen Manufacture within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Wool-ftaplers, Seige-makers, Combers, Weavers, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures, in and near the 1'own and Borough of Tetbury, in the County of wa> presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, that great Quantities of Friday Worsted Yarn, and Woollen Yarn (the which, if wrought up in England, the Workman Ih ip would come to near Nine Pounds per Pack, one with another) are imported

----- — from Ireland, and made there no per . cheaper, than

they can be here, notwithstanding the unusual Cheapnels of our Wool; so that the Petitioners cannot make, nor fell, any of those Sorts of Commodities, without great Lois, and all the poor People, intirely depending on the working Part of the said Manufactures, now want Employment, and are lo impoverished, that, unless timely relieved, they will become tome of the most miserable of her Majesty’s Subjects: And praying the feasonable Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered,

Ditto.

fit

I#0 febrftarii.

4.\ 1708.

Offless

flame.

Order*#*Ihe Confidrmtripn of the said Petition fwrientedio thzHouse, andreadj letting forth, that djp tff jeferned to the Committee, ,to wb<¥U the petition of Petitioner*, and their Predecessors, and ail her Majesty’* he fsAiyQTy Aldermen, and Canupon Council, and of Subjects, repairing to the said City, have received great he Merchants apd ^Traders, ,of the City of Exeter, of Benefit by an Act, made in the 1 8th Year of the Reign ?efialf of themselves, and many thou lands, employed in of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act for the repairing: he Woplien Manufacture within the said City, and and amending of the Bridges, and Highways# neaf untp ] %cc$ adjacent, is referred. , the City of Oxen) without the Aid of which Act, the

Landholders, and Inhabitants, living within a Mile of the A Petition of Ann QJfct) Widow, and John Offiey, laid City* are not able to repair their Ways, many of Elqiiire, her Son, and Heir apparent, was presented to them being Water-works j and yet there is a Bill lately the House, and read f fetcing forth, that John Crew, brought into the House, to repeal he said Act: And

~ " praying, that they may be beard by Cgqnfel igainst the

laid Bid, before it pais the House.

Ordered, Tiut the £id Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a'Second time upon

Rfquire, deceased, late father of tlje Petitioner 4m, settled the Maxtor of Crew, in the County of Ch0tr, with other pltates elsewhere^ upon the petitioner 4m, and her Iifpe, in Tail Malt^ on Condition that they (as they thouid come to be seised of the said,3Prerrufes) should bear the

Surname of Crew For ever; That the petitioners are deli- Thuff day next eome-fevfen-night; and that the Petitioners rows t.p take upon them the Surname of Crew only: be then heard by their Counsel against the fame, pur-

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a fua$t to the Prayer of their several Petitions.

Bill t? change their Surnames from Offiey to Crewe.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Pill, Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Doctor Hare, for the excellent good Sermon by him Sir Edward Lawrence, Sir Joseph Jekill, apd Mr. Booth, preached before this House Yesterday at St. Margaret's,

Dr. Itar* thanked.

do prepaid, and bring in, thje Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That aB Committees be revived.

Westminster; and that he be desired to print the lames and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Ryalton, Mr. Walpole, and Sir Gilbert Doiben, to acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That no other Person do presume to print the said Sermon, but such Person, as the said Dr. Hart shall appoint.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris have Leave to go into the

African . A Petition of several Persons, Creditors of the Royal Trade. African Company, was presented to the House, and react setting forth, that the Petitioners have several great Sums of Money due to them, upon Bonds of the said Company, upon a view, that they would enjoy the Privileges,

granted them by Charter from King Charles the ad j but Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health by the interfering Interests between the said Company, and the separate Traders to Africa, the Petitioners ap- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to prehend themselves to be in great danger of iofiijg their the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for just Debts: And praying, that the said Company may be the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this preencouraged in their said Trade to Africa, and be obliged sent Parliament for the County of in the foom

\ to do the Petitioners Justice, in such manner, as to the of Sir John Wolffenhohn, Baronet, deceased.

House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who ’ are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Leave oT Abtence.

Middlesex

Writ.

Oxford

Hoads.

A Bill for vesting in Trustees the Fourth Part of a Fourth Part of the Eftace in the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Gloucester, Kent, Surrey, Hertford, and the City of London, late the Estate of the Countess of Oxford, to be A Petition of several Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in fold, and with the Moneys, arising the reby, to pay Sir the Counties of Oxon and Berks, dwelling, or having Roger Bradshaigh’% Sifter’s Portion ol £. 2,000 and to his Lands, within One Mile of the City of Oxford, on be- Mother £. 300 and the Debts of his Father, and his half of themselves, and other the Inhabitants within the Brother’s Portion, charged upon his Estate, so

Limits aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; that the same may be difmeumbered thereof, and with letting forth, that there being a Bill brought into the the Remainder of the Money, arising by such Sale, to House, to repeal an Act, made in the 18th Year of purchase other Lands in the County of Lancqfier, to be Queen Eliz. Reign (intituled, An Act for the repairing settled to the same Uses, as the Estates are by

and amending of the Bridges, and Highways, near unto his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time, the City of Oxon) the lame, if it should pass, will greatly Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert prejudice the Petitioners# and their Estates, which were Doiben, Sir John Guise, Lord I Cm. Rowlett, Lord Doume,

Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Offiey, Mr. Goring, Sir Tka.

L, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mr. Roberts, Mr, Bromley, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Foley, Sir 'Tho. Parker, Sir

Bradfliaigl/*

Estate.

bought with a Prolpeft, that the said Act would be perpetual: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Robert Eden, Mr. Doiben, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. until the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the iSth Ireton, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Mr. Worthy, Mr/

Year of the Reign of Queen Eliz. (iptituled, An Act for R#> Mr. Foot, Lord Newport, Sir* Rithard Allin, Sir the repairing and amending of the Bridges and Highways, Richard Farrington; and all, that serve for the Counties near to the City ol Oxon) be read a Second time. of Chester, Lancaster, and Fork, and North Wales: And

A Petition of the Chancellor, Malleus, and Scholars, they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the of the University of Oxford, was presented to the House, Speaker’s Chamber, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners understand,

there is a Bill brought into the House, tp repeal an Act, A Bill to preserve Libraries, that have been, or shall made in the 18th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth be, erected by Charitable Contribution, in froall Parishes (intituled, An Act for the repairing and amending of the in England, was read a Second time.

~ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton,

Sir Francis Masham, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Mealicot, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Bromley, Mr. , Mr. Heysham, Mr. ir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Sir

Robert Eden, Sir Gilbert Pickering, Sir Nick. Mortice, Mr. Qn/hw, Lord Ponuiet, Mr. , Mr. Fttenan,

Mr. Farrar, Lord Mr. Shaker lay, Mr. Evelyn,

Mr. Mffr, Mr- dlmpdfih Mf- War4 Mr. Amber,

£i*

Parochial # Libraries,

Bridges, and Highways, near unto the City of Oxford) which, if passed, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill, before it do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Oxford, in the County of Oxon, was

Ann.

i 8° — 190 Februarii.

Funishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Foreign

Protestants

1WL

Sir Peter King, Mr. Stanley, Sir John Bennett, Sir John Customs, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, Holland:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five presented to the House, a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. An Account of what Number of Ships have been

cleared from the Port of London for Africa, from 1698 A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Delation, and falle to the 15th of , 1708, and what the Duty of

Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and 10 per Cent, paid thereon, amounts to, and the Values Quarters, was read the First time. of the Cargoes, as entered at the Custom-house; and also.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time. An Account of the Duty of £.5 per Cent, on Red

Wood, and £. 10 per Cent, on all other Goods, imported The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of Lon-into the Port of London, from between Cape Blanco and don and Middlesex attended, they were called in, and, at Cape Mount, on the Coalt of Africa, from 1698 to the

the Bar, presented to the House, a Petition of the Lord 25th of December, 1708.

Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City And he also acquainted the House, that the Commis-of London. lioners of the Customs had not yet received the Accounts

And then they withdrew. of the £. 10 per Cent, or £.5 per Cent, from the Out-

And the said Petition was read; letting forth, that the ports; but that, as soon as they should receive the lame,

Petitioners are entitled, by Act of Parliament, and divers royal Charters, to certain ancient Duties for Paccage, Scavage, and Portage, and Balliage, of the Goods of all Merchants Strangers, brought into, or carried out of, the Port of London;and that all Strangers, made Dent-

they would also lay the laine before the House.

And he being withdrawn;

The Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,

zens, should pay such Tolls and Duties, as they paid, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa. before they were Denizens: That all the Revenue and Income of the said City (whereof the said Duties are a considerable Part) are by Act of Parliament, 5* et 0*

Wiliie/mi et Mariee, charged towards railing £. 8,000 yearly, for the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the said City; and the said Duties are now in Lease lor 21 Years, from the First of November, 1705, for £.1,000 Fine, and £.950 per Annum Kent: That there is a Bill in the House, for naturalizing loreign Protellants, which, if it should pass into a Law, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, not only with respect to their Right to the said Duties, but with respect to the Tfade of Freemen of the said City, and of others, who are exempt from the said Duties: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counle!, belore the said Bill do p.tfs.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard by their Coun-fel at the Bar of tins House, upon Monday Morning next, when the said Bill is ordered to be read a Second time.

Tobacco

Trade.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House ref )lved itself into a Committee of the Way* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means am* Weans, for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker lefCihc Chair.

Mr. Fairer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fairer reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, ref lve itself into 2 Committee of the

Mr. Bridges (according to Order) presented to the . > r, c , r.

House, a Bill for the encouraging the Exportation of H°" <* W»r» *nd Means

Tobacco, and other CommoditiS, and Manutaftmcs, of for ra,1,nS the SuPPl>r eranttd ,0 her the Growth and Product of Great Britain, and the Domi- Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of ntons thereunto belonging; and the same was received, the whole House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

African

Trade.

and read the First time.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Export of Kilt Provision from Scotland.

Mr. Ward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave

A Petition of the Court of Managers for the united Trade of the EngHJh Company, trading to the East to fit again.

Indies, was presented to the House, and read; felting Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

forth, that the Representatives of the Royal Boroughs of night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole North Britain have lately petitioned this House for the House, to consider further of the Trade to and

fame Premiums, and Drawbacks, for Fish, cured with nothing to intervene.

foreign Salt, and exported from Scotland into foreign Parts, as are allowed, upon Exportation of the like Goods in England, to Persons, who have paid Duty upon foreign Salt here, upon Importation: That the greatest

Ordered, That Mr. Harley, Lord Downes, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Benson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Graham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Accounts of

Land Tax Arrears

Part of the Duties upon Salt are, by Act of Parliament, wI,at Receivers General are in Arrear upon the 9th and appropriated to the Petitioners, as a Fund, to pay an In- I0t^ Four Shillings Aid, is referred.

African Trade.

terest, of £.5 per Cent, per Annum, for £.3,200,000 and if any Part of the said Fund should be diverted, the Petitioners Property thereto would be very much aflfected, for, in that Cafe, there would not be enough left, to pay them their £.5 per Cent. Interest: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel upon the Subic A-matter of the Petition of the said Representatives, at such time, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard by their Coun-fel at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

The House being informed, that Mr. Crisp (Deputy Collector outward) from the Commissioners of the Vol. 16.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat i, 190 d Februarii;

Anno 70 Anna: Regime, 1708.

Prayers.

*±OHNSequin, John Baurain, Nicholas Tabour,

J ander Renie, Simon Grilio Peter Suur, and Isaac

Marrot, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ff Mr.

U4

Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That Ihe would please to give Direction, that there may be laid before this House, an Account of what publick Debts have been compounded, and what has been received upon such Compositions, and what Receivers have compounded; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, that the same should be complied with.

Privileges of Ordered \That the Bill for preserving the Privileges Ambassadors. of Ambassadors, and other Ministers of Foreign Princes and States, be read the Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Turkey A Petition of the incorporated Company of Clothiers Trade. jn tjje City of Worcester was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners employ many thousand Families in the said City, and Parts adjacent, for 15 or ao Miles about, in making fine Woollen Cloth for the Turkey Trade chiefly; but the Turkey Company (which consists but of a small Number of eminent trading Merchants) have of late shipped out but oncC in Two Years (and lay, they shall ship no more till 171b) and then lade but Eight or Ten ships, and so little fine Cloth of the Petitioners, that it’s probable, those Markets would take off more of them yearly, if lent thither; and this might readily be done by our British Merchants, but the most considerable Ports, for vending it, being within the Limits of the Turkey Company’s Charter, they are restrained, and the Turkey Trade in a great measure supplied by the Dutch and French, whilst the Petitioners are at a Rand, for want of Sales, and many of them broke thereby, though they have great Stocks lying dead upon their Hands, great Numbers of Poor reduced to great Extremity, for want of Work, and, if not timely provided for, will make many more of their Manufacturers leave their Country, for want of Employment, or force them to beg, starve, or Heal: And praying, that either the Turkey Company may be enlarged, by paying ealy Fines for Ad million, and obliging them to more frequent shipping, or by laying open the Turkey Trade, under such Regulations, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousends, employed in the Woollen Manufacture within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

African A Petition of the Merchants and Citizens, being in,

Trade, and trading from, the City of Chester, v/as presented to the House, and ,read; setting forth, that the said City was, and anciently is, a Place of considerable Trade, and situate commodiously for the Export of Welsh Flannels, and other Manufactures, proper for the Trade to Africa:

That they have a Prospect of recovering their Navigation on the River Dee, and increasing their Shipping, and Trade to foreign Parts: And praying, that they may not be debarred of the Trade to Africa, by any Privileges to be granted to the Royal African Company (for which they have petitioned tire House) or to any others.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to cohfider of the Trade to Africa.

Barclay A Petition of John Coutts and Alexander Erskine, Mer-Castle, *c. chants in the Borough of M, and Remnant-owners " ip*' of the good Ships, the Barclay Castle and James of Montrose, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that on the 7th of , 170S, in a violent

Storm, there was call away, and wrecked, near the Port of Montrose, Two Dutch Ships, one called the New West India House, about 500 Tons Burthen, the other the Jonge Jacobe, of about 350 Tons; which the Petitioners

A. 1708.

bought at a publick Sale, the first at/. 170 Sterling, the other at £. 164. That the Petitioners have, with great Industry and Expence, brought the said Ships into the said Port, and expended on their Reparations about /. 2,500, and conceive, they will be of great Advantage to the Subjects of North Britain, in carrying on their Trade: And praying, that the said thips may be made free Ships of Great Britain, by the Names of the Berkley Castle and James of Montrose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir David Ramsey, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Gordon, Mr. Dolben, and Sir Francis Masham, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants, Burgesses, and other ^Export of Curers of Fifties, in the Town of Craill, was presented Salt Pronto the House, and read; letting forth, that by the 8th Scotland* Article of Union it. is agreed, that after the First of May, 1707, there shall be paid and allowed to all the Exporters of white Herrings, cured with foreign Salt only, 10s. $d. lor each Barrel: That the Petitioners, whole Livelihoods depend on the Herring Fishing, have applied to the Officers of the Customs for the laid Allowance; but they not only refused Payment thereof, but i

allb to grant Debentures; which is such a Lois to the Petitioners, that, unless speedily relieved, will be their utter Ruin, they having agreed to pay the Merchants, Importers of foreign Salt, above double the Price they ever

uled to pay before the Union: And praying, that they may reap the Advantage, granted them by the said 8th Article, for Encouragement of the Herring Fiftiing.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next, to which Time the Debate, upon the Matter of the Petition of the Itepre-fentativesof the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, is adjourned.

A Petition of the Merchants of for them- Ditto,

selves, and others, concerned in the Fishings on the adjacent Coast, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have cured, and exported, considerable Quantities of Salmon, and Cod-fish* and Herrings, legally cured with foreign Salt, imported before the 1 ft of May, 1707; and they having demanded of the Custom-house Officers Payment of the Drawbacks and Allowances, stipulated by the 8th Article of the Union, for the Encouragement of those Fishings, the Officers do not only refuse to make Payment, but also make out Debentures; whereby the Petitioners are greatly discouraged in the Prosecution of their Fishery, which is the greatest Branch of Trade in that part of the United Kingdom, and are likely to be ruined by the great Prices they have contracted to pay the Merchants, from whom they bought the said Salt, on the Faith of the said Ar- ,

tide, as plain in their behalf, as Words can make it: And praying such Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next, to which Time the Debate, upon the Matter of the Petition of the Representatives of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, is adjourned.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other Inhabitants, Ditto.

Curers of Fish in the Parish of Greenock, North Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners Trade, and Subsistence, chiefly depends on the white Herring Fishing, whereof they have cured, and "

exported, several Quantities, pursuant to the 8th Article of the Union, and hoped to have had the Allowances of lor. $d. per Barrel, thereby stipulated; but the Officers of the Customs refuse Payment of such Allowances, otto give the Petitioners Debentures for the feme, as they 1

ought to do; so that the Petitioners, instead of enjoying

the Encouragement they expeCled from the happy Union, 1

sustain a most sensible Loss: And praying the House to consider their Cafe, and grant them speedy Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

licleration upon Monday Morning next, to which Time i

14 the 1

19° Februarii.

7 Ann.

i 9° Febru

the Debate, upon the Matter of the Petition of the Represen tatives of the Royal Boroughs of is

adjourned.

Export of A Petition of the Merchants of Aberdeen, for them-Solt Prnvi- fe]ve*, and others, concerned in the Fishing on the adja-

KcotlandL cent was Presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners, having cured, and exported,

f reat Quantities of Pith, Beef, and Pork, with foreign air, imported before the ilt of May, 1707, demanded from the Officers of the Customs Payment of the Drawbacks, stipulated by the 8th Article of the Union, for the Eale and Encouragement of the said Fishings; but they refused to make such Payment, or even Debentures for the lime, to the Discouragement of the said Fishings, the greatest Branch of Trade in those Parts, and Ruin of the Petitioners, contrary to the plain Words of the said Article: And praying, that the House will con-lider the Premises, and give such Reliefj as they shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next, to which Time the Debate, upon the Matter of the Petition of the Reprdentatives of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, is adjourned.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants of the Burgh of Dundee was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners, relying upon the Faith of the plain Words in the 8th Article of the Union, for the Ease and Encouragement of the Fishing Trade, have cured, and exported, considerable Quantities of Fish, pursuant to the Terms of the said Article, and have demanded of the Custom-house Officers the Premiums and Drawbacks stipulated thereby; but they refuse to pay the lame, or to make out Debentures, as they ought to do: That the wreiting of the plain Words in the said Article intuan ambiguous Meaning will intirciycrulh the said Fishings, and be of the worst Consequence: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confi-

became a Nursery for Seamen: And praying, that the House will not suffer any Incroachment on their Rights and Privileges, but redress their Grievances in such Manner, as the House shall think expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next, to which Time the Debate, upon the Matter of the Petition of the Representatives of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, is adjourned.

A Petition of the Merchants in Dunbar was presented Export of to the House, and read; fetcing forth, that, notwithstand- Salt Provi-ing the many Difficulties attending the Fishing Trade, during the War, the Petitioners have (from the Expecta- c0 M ’ tion of Eases, Premiums, and Drawbacks, stipulated by the Articles of Union) actually cured with foreign Salt considerable Quantities of Herrings and Cod-fish, and exported the lame, pursuant to the said Articles, and demanded from the Officers of the Customs Payment of the said Drawbacks j but they have refused Payment, and also to allow Debentures for the fame; which has brought the Petitioners under very great Hardship, instead of the Advantages they eXpc-Cted from the Encouragement given to the Fishery by the said Articles; for that the delaying Payment of the Dfawbacks has frustrated the Design of promoting the Fishery in those Parts, and the further Delay will complete the Ruin thereof, because the very f>reign Salt, they use in curing their Fish, from the Pro-Ipect of the said Drawbacks and the Liberiy of transporting the same into England (bought now in Scotland at a much higher Rate, ihan usual) amounts very near to the Value of the Fish, when cured; whereby the Fishing Undertakers are unable (without the Drawbacks) to pay the Merchants, Importers, for their Salt, and such of them, as have imported on their own Accounts, find themselves great Losers, by using the same on Fish, while others have considerably gained, by importing the irs into England: And praying the just Relief of the House in the Premises, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Perition be taken into Cori-

dcration up<n Monday Morning next, to which Time the sideration upon Morning next, to which Time

Debate, upon the Petition of the Representatives of the the Debate, upon the Petition of the Representatives of

the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, is adjourned.

Royal Boroughs of Scotland, is adjourned.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants, Burgesses, and other Curers of Fish, in the Town of Anjlruther Easter, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the 8th Article of the Treaty of Union it is stipulated, that after the ill of May, 1 707, there Should be allowed to all Exporters of white Herrings, cured withforeignSalt, 10 s.e,d. per Barrel; and the Petitioners having applied to the Officers of the Customs for the said Allowance, they not only refuse Payment thereof, but also to give Debentures for the lame; which is such a Loss and Dif-couiagcment to the Petitioners (whole only Dependence . is on the Herring Fishing) that, without Ipcedy Redress, it will be their utter Ruin, they having agreed to pay the Merchants, Importers of foreign Salt, above double the Price they used to pay before the Union: And praying, that they may reap the Advantage, which, they conceive, is granted them by the said 8th Article of the Union.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next, to which Time the Debate, upon the Matter of the Petition of the Representatives of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, is adjourned.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants of the City of

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners having continued to cure, and export, gre!at'Quantities of white Herring'!, in the Terms of the 8th Article of Union, whereby, for the Encouragement of the Fishing Trade, if is provided, that there shall be allowed 10 s.$d. for every Barrel of Herrings, that should be so cured, and exported form Scotland; but the Custom-house Officers refuse to pay the same, or to grant Debentures for it; whereby the Petitioners, instead of Encouragement by the Union, have received great Losses, in this valuable Branch of Trade, which was wont to employ many Thou lands of poor People, and thereby Vol. 10.

A Petition of the Clothiers in the Parishes of Hampton, importing Stroud, Woodchester, Bijley, AvenRodborough, Uly, Irith Yarn.

Stanley, and several other Places, in the County of -cester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there being a Design to procure an Act of Parliament, to prohibit the Importation of Yarn, the Petitioners are satisfied (if it should succeed) it will be a great Detriment to the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom; for, of Consequence, English Wool mult fall as much, as will countervail what, of Necessity, must be raised on Spinning, without which they cannot be able to fell their Woollen Manufactures in foreign Markets, as they have of Jatc Years done; which will be of dismal Consequence to great Numbers of Weavers, Tuckers,

Dyers, tdc. whole Families must, of course, be kept by their Parishes: And praying the House ferioully to consider the Nature of this Cafe, and do therein what shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants, and other Traders, of the City of Exon, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousends, 'employed in the Woollen Manufacture, within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Weavers, Tuckers, and other Manu- Dit!o facturers in the Woollen Manufactures, within the Parishes of Hampton, Stroud, Woodchester, Bijley, Avening, Rod-

borough, Uly, Stanley, and several other Places, in the County of Gloucejicr, on the behalf of themselves, and Thousands of others, concerned in the feme Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Woollen Manufecturesof this Kingdom have been very much supported by the Importation of Irish Yarn, made

Way* and Means.

Lady Duffus’ Nat

Offley’*

Name.

116

l9

ai° Februarii.

1708.

of Wool, which, being mixed with Yarn, has

enabled the Makers to afford the Woollen Manufactures at such reasonable Rates, that they might fell, and sufficient supply foreign Markers, before any Foreigners, whereby the Makers were enabled to employ the Petitioners, and their Families; but, if the Importation of Irish Yarn should be prohibited fas, the Petitioners are informed, there is such a Design) it will be a great Pre-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Revering reverie the Outlawry and Attainder of Lord Lord sLue's

Baron of Slam in Ireland; to which the Lords desire the Attainder. Concurrence of the House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the

judice to them, and their Families, and this whole King- Election for the Borough of in the County of

dom, becdufe we have not Hands enough in England to Devon.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called

A fh burton Election,

spin the Yarn, necessary for the Woollen Manufactures for carrying on the Trade of this Nation, and therefore the Discouragement of Combing and Spinning in Ireland must be detrimental to the Woollen Trade of And praying, that the House will take their distressed same into Consideration, and grant them proper Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exeter, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Fund of One hundred Fifty thousand Pounds^?r Annum, pursuant to the Proposition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of agreed to by the House, for railing Part of the Supply granted to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709, the further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, commonly called the Two-thirds of the Subsidies, which were granted by the Act of the Third Year of her Majes-

in.

And the Petition of Richard Esquire, relating to the said Election, was read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, and several Witnesses for him allb examined.

And then the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Merits of the said Election be adjourned until 7 Morning

next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

Ordered, That the Bill for naturalizing of foreign Pro- Foreign testants, be read the Second time upon Morning Protetiam*

next; and that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Nat‘ mon Council, of the City of London, be then heard at the Bar of this House, upon their Petition, in relation thereunto.

rt}

And then Morning,

the House adjourned till Monday Nine a Clock.

Luna:, 2i* die

Anno 70 Anna Reginae, 1708.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Minister, Churchwardens, Seameo*

and other principal Inhabitants, of several Parishes Wage*.

ty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty within the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in

a further Subsidy upon Wines and Merchandizes im- behalf of themselves, and several hundred poor Families,

ported) be continued from the Expiration of the Term within their respective Parishes, was presented to the

last granted therein,'and be payable to her Majesty, her House, and read; setting forth, that the Trade of those

Heirs and Successors. Parts has greatly decayed for several Years last past.

The said Resolution befog read a Second time; whereby many of the Inhabitants are become chargeable

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com- to their Parishes; one principal Caulc whereof is, that

mittee, in the said Resolution, That towards railing the many poor Families of Seamen are greatly straitened, and

Fund of One hundred Fifty thousand Pounds per An- impoverished, by means of the great Distancefrom home

num, pursuant to the Proposition of the Governor and they are obliged to attend the Payment, and Recalls, of

Company of the Bank of England, agreed toby the House, her Majesty’s Ships, to which their Husbands, or lUla-

for ratling Part of the Supply granted to her Majesty, tions, belong, and the great Sums they are other wile

for the Service of the Year 1709, the further Subsidy of forced to expend, for the Receipt and Return of their

Tonnage and Poundage, commonly called the Two-thirds Wages: And praying, that the House will provide some

of the Subsidies, which were granted by the Act of the Remedy against the said so great and growing Evil.

Third Year of her Majesty’s Reign ^intituled, An Act Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy upon be referred to the Committee, to whom it was referred to

Wines and Merchandizes imported) be continued from examine the Accounts, which have been laid before this

the Expiration of the Term last granted therein, and be House, of what Ships have been employed as Cruisers

payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors. and Convoys, over and above the Ships of the Line of

mLi T J rrr.ii. , . j r___Battle, and for Convoys to remote Parts, and also the

m Lord miharn Powlctt roportod from (he Com- Ea,nate of tlle Debt her Majest N as it stood

- ‘° *1"",he ®!1 l the Heads mentioned in the said Estimate. the 30th

tuled. An Act for naturalizing Charlotta Chrtpana Lady f w J

Duffus, was committed j that they had directed him to 7

report the same to the House, without any Amendment: A pelition of the infoIvent Debtors>

now in the Debtors

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table. Castle Gaol of was presented to the House. and

Sir Edward Lawrence presented to the House (accord- read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, being Twenty ing to Order) a Bill to enable Anne Offley, Widow, and in Number, have been there Prisoners for many Years,

John Offley, her Son, and Heir apparent, to change their and have nothing, wherewith to satisfy the Creditors;

Surnames from Offley to Crewe: and the same was re- they must inevitably perith, they having no Prospect of* ceived, and read the First time. Liberty from their Creditors: And praying the Con-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. sideration of the House, for their Enlargement.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and until the Bill for the Ease of infoIvent Debtors, be read Mr. Gery: the Second time.

A Bill

:h

1

t

7 Ann. 0,1* FebruarU. 117

Mtncbeller A Bill for building a Church or Chapel, in the Town Church or of Manchester, was read a Second time; and Mr. Vernon

ChapcL acquainted the House, that her Majesty (who is Patronels

of the Re&oiy of the said Town) had been graciously plealed to give way to the bringing in the said Bill.

Resolved.', That the Bill be committed to Colonel Stanley, Mr. Shut tinvortMr. Mr. Lord

Powlet, Mr. Thornkagh, Colonel Mr. Chom-

ley, Mr. Mitton, Sir Edward Sir Fran.

Sir John Bland, Mr. Htm Mr. Sir John Bennett Mr. White, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Sherwin, Sir William Ashhnrft , Sir John Holland, Mr. Lowther, Colonel

wix, Mr. Denton, Colonel Sutton, Mr. Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Gale, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Conyers, Mr. MonRon t and all, that serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Fork, and Cumberland: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

"« Sir William Ashhurst presented to the House (according

*r to Order) a Bill to prevent the Importation of any wrought Marble, for Sale, into this Kingdom for the future; and the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

teoo'tging Mr. Peyton presented to the House (according to Order)

""S* a Bill for continuing the former Acts for the Encouragement of the Coinage; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Richard Allin, alias Angtdjh, Thomas Barker, John Aldred, Benjamin Spilman, Pake, and to Tho. Tomkins, was presented to the House, and read; rown‘ letting forth, that the Petitioners were bound in Two severalBonds, of above £. 50,000 Penalty, to her Majesty, for the due accounting of one Samuel , as Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County of Suffolk, and for the Duties on Births and Burials, and Houses: That about June lall the said Pacey went to Epsom, but lud-denly died there, without having any Friends or Relations about him, and his Books, or Accounts, could never lincc be met with; whereby his Affairs (who was supposed a rich Man, and had made conllant and due Payments into the Exchequer) are in great Confuffon, and he was ia in Arrear to her Majesty, at his Death, about 18,658.

13/. Sd. whereof the Petitioners have raised, and paid,

£. 5,000. but the remaining Debt, being Hill great, will utterly ruin them, who have not Abilities to raise, or pay, their Proportions of the lame; yet the Petitioners mail be encouraged, upon some reasonable Composition, to raise Moneys, to discharge such Composition: And praying, that the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in, to enable the Lord Treasurer to compound the said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wili, upon Friday Morning next, rdblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

I Granger* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act I Estate. to enable William CollinsClerk, Tho. Parrot, and William Day, Gentlemen, to dispose of certain Lands, for the Payment of the Debts of John Granger, and for making a Provision for the Widow, and younger Children, of Nicholas Granger, his late Father, deceased, was read a Second rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Topham, Mr. Mompeflon, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. MonQon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Norris, Mr. Gale, Mr. Mr. Lowther,

Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Roberts, Colonel Whitchurch, Sir Rich. Farrington, Sir John Cope, Mr. Ward, Mr. Far-rer. Sir Jo. Mordaunt, Mr. \lr.

Mr. Frankiyn, Mr. WinMr. Travers, Sir John Holland, Mr. Compton, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Booth, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Wynne, Mr.; and all, that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Wilts, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mischief* Sir William Withers presented to the House (according by Fire, to Order) a Bill for making more effirCtaal, an Act made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire; and t he same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read to Tomorrow Morning.

flVmondbtm Mr. Windham presented to the House (according to Road*. Order) a Bill for continuing an Act made in the 7th and 8th Years of his late Majesty King William (intituled,

An Act for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk) and for including therein the Road, leading from Wymondham to Hetherset, over the Commons belonging to the said Town; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

lunishing A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false and Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Wertion. Quarters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 16.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Suretie* for her Majesty, that the will please to give Direction to Receiver* the proper Officer, to lay before this House, an Account G<n*ral. of the Names of the Sureties for such Receivers General, as have compounded, and also of the Sureties for the present Receivers General.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Mayor, principal Burgesses, Free- Importing men. Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Mb Yarn, Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, in behalf of themselves, and Hundreds more, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the Borough aforesaid, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that many Hundreds of poor People in the said Town and Neighbourhood support themselves, and Families, by the Woollen Manufactures, especially by combing and spinning of Worsted Wool, whereby the Price of Countiy Commodities, and the Value of Estates, is kept up, so as to enable the Owners to pay their Taxes; but by the late Importation of Worsted Yarn from Ireland, the poor Combers and Spinners aforesaid are at present almoll unemployed, and many Hundred kept bys their Parishes: That Worsted Yarn is imported under the Denomination and Duty of Woollen Yam, because the Book of Rates does not mention Worsted Ifarn, though it may be afforded and fold £. 20 Cent, cheaper than English Worsted, and Bay or Woollen Yarn in Proportion; by which Means it will come to pass, that our '

Woollen Manufacture will be translated to , as to

the working.Part, Weaving excepted; the Consequence of which can be nothing less, than the total Impoverishment and Depopulation of the Western Parts of Great Britain: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises, in such Manner, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, on behalf of themselves, and maAy Thousands, employed in the Woollen Manufacture within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Ciren- Ditto. eefler, in the County of Gloucester, on behalf themselves and many others, trading in the Woollen Manufactures,

G g was

Its

2i* — 42* Felrtutrii.

A. IJ08.

Was ptcfcnted td tffe House, ants read$ setting forth, the flarrenness of tffe Soil, and Destruction of the Wood) that the Maintenance of many thousand poor Persons as the Forest would well maintain; but they are now thereabouts, depends On the Woollen Manufacture; but incneased to treble that numbeT, and daily multiply, and of late Yeats vast Quantities of Worsted and Woollen spread through a great Part of the said County, confirming Yam, Wrought and fptin in Ireland, have been imported the Com fields, Woods, and Meadows, many Miles into divers Parts of this Kingdom, which, by reason of distant from arty Part of the said Forest, to the infinite the Cheapness of Wool there (it being 3 s. per Stone and insupportable Injury and Loss of the Petitioners, and cheaper than oure, and of equal GoodneS) and the Low- Landholders, who are at great Charge to hire Men, to Rest of Wages spinning in Ireland being but half the pfeferve theif Crops from the Deer: That the Officers of Price here) is fold much cheaper, than ’tis possible for to the Forest, are so for from keeping the Deer within their be made here, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners usual Bounds, that several Persons bare of late Years in their Trade of Woollen Warp, or Bay Yam, and of been appointed to preserve them in Woods, several Miles combed Wool, it being so much lessened, that they now distant from the said Forest j by which means they are in-fend but four or five Packs a Week to Exeter, whereas ticed to leave it, and live upon the adjacent Country: they usually before sent 30: And praying, that such a That these Practices are carried on under Pretence, that Duty may be laid upon Irish Worsted and Woollen Yarn, most of the Diviftqfl of the said County, called Hatfield, and combed Wool, imported into this Kingdom, as the and the whole Division of Clay, the best cultivated,

House shall think fit, in order to relieve the Petitioners. richest, and most populous, Part of the County, are Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be within the Purlieu of the said Forest, though by the said referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inquisition they are not: And praying, that Leave may Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the said Forest of Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exon, on behalf Sherwood, and the pretended Purlieu thereof, to the of themselves, and many Thousands, employed in the Bounds contained in the Inquisition of King Edward the Woollen Manufacture within the said City, and Places First.

adjacent, is referred, And a Motion being made, and the Question being

put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according Cloth A Petition of the Silkmen, ThroWfters, Dyers, to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Button-holes. Twitters, and Winders, in and about the City of London, It passed in the Negative.

on behalf of themselves, and a great Number of Poor, Resolved, That the Petition be rcjefted.

employed in the manufacturing of raw Silk, and Mohair ,. _ ,

v Yarn, was presented to the House, and read; setting The House (according to Order) resumed the adjourned Export of

forth, that by an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Pebat.e uP°,n the Matters of the Petition of the Reprc-Reign of the late King William, to prevent the making tentatives of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland. Scotland.

Burtons of Cloth, Serge, Druggets, or other Stuff, great An Jd *he Counsel for the Court of Managers for the 6 - 60 - united Trade of the Company, trading to the

~ ":d in, to be heard upon the Petition.

__________ was read, and the Counsel heard

Manufactures from Turkey: but the Consumption of raw accordingly:

Silk, and Mohair Yarn, is now greatly prejudiced, by the And being Withdrawn; .

making of Button-holes of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, Cam- , That Leave be given to bring in a B.I1 for

blets, and other Stuffs, whereby the said Aftis evaded, ‘heafcertaimng, and directing the Payment, of the Allow-to the almost Ruin of many thousand poor Manufacturers: to ke ma(k upon Exportation from Scotland*

And praying, that the House will give Encouragement FBh, Beef, and Jcured with Foreign Salt, im-to the Conmmption of raw Silk, and Mohair, by pre- P°rted Vffore FlrJ? of MaJ; 1707 i and that Mr.

venting Button-holes to be made of Cloth, Serge, *ban.?cJ!0.r °^*be Fxcb^clu^r> ^r* jFnjy P,cncrrra’

Drugget, Frize, Camblet, or other Stuff. Mf* Solicitor General, Mr. Stewart, Lord Archib. Ha-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. t ton> S,r Dad Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Body,

v Mr. , Sir Peter King, Mr. Lechmere, and Mr.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Birmingham, in the do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and

Birmingham

Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie be added to the Committee, Arrears of to whom it is referred to examine the Accounts, from Receivers the Agents for Taxes, of what Receivers General are in Gen#ral* Arrear upon the 9th and 10th 41. Aid, and also of

House, and Wm. Ing, ffquire, and Penelope Phillips, ?hat'ifft beg"ld into the Exche<lu<* ontbe ,lth Spinster, freely offer a Piece of Ground, fit for that Pur- *our ln8s 1

read , letting forth, that the Town aforesaid has but one Church, not sufficient for a 5th Part of the Inhabitants, Who ate vety populous, and have raised a very considerable Sum, towards erecting a new Church, and Parsonage

pose: The Petitioner* therefore pray, that Leave may be given to brine in a Bill for making the said intended Church in the said Town a Parish Church, and that Commissioners may be appointed, and vetted with such Powers, as shall be most convenient for bringing the said. Work to good Effect.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 22* die;

Anno 7* Ann« Regime, 1708. Prater i.

Sherwood

Poreft.

Mr. Archer, and Sit Iho.Cooks Windford, do prepare, A BILL for continuing an Act, made in the 7th

and bring in, the Bill. -f*. and 8th Years of his late Majesty King William Road*‘

(intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Wymondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk, Inhabitants of the County of Nottingham, on behalf of and for including therein the Road leading from Wymond-thfctftselves, and others, was presented to the House, and ham to Hetherfett, over the Commons belonging to the read; setting forth, that in the Reign of the late King said Towns, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Edward the First, there was a Perambulation of the Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Forest of Sherwood, in the said County, and by an Inqui-

fition, then taken, the Bounds of the said Forest were An ingfoffed Biirfrdm the Lords, intituled, An Act limited: That (till very lately) the Deer in the said Forest for further enabling George Pertne, Esquire, to fell Lands, rarely exceeded 300, Which Wa* as many (coafidering for Payment of his Debts, by enlarging a Trust for that Purpose,

Penned

Eft&tfci

7 Ann.

33* Februarii.

119

Forpose, contained in a fortatrA&, infifnled, An Act Merchants and Traders, Of the Citf of Exetet, on the for enabling George Penrn, Esquire, to AH Lamb for the behalf of themselves, and many Ttronfands, employed in Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein men- the Woollen Mamiftftures within the said City, and tioned, was read the Second time. Places adjacent, is referred.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Stephen Lenard, Mr. Coders, Mr. Rowney, t Or That the Commttonenof the Customs do Jmwh Sir Fran. Ma/ham, Mr. Ducket. Mr. BaH, Mr. Chanters, before this House, An Account of the Quantity of JgJmT

Mr. 7horn hath. Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. WHUam, Sir French Wme, brought from to in the Richard How, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Topbam, Mr. Richmond, Year 1707, and of the Quaotrt; of Wine, unpotted into Sir Robert Eden, Sir Wm. AshhurJt, Mr. Shackerfy, Mr. tfai*K»ngdcWi from the Dotmniow of the King of /V*-

Mr. Lowther, Lord JWtf, Mr. Sir in the Years, 1706, 1707, and 1708, and by whom.

rm. HuJiler, Six Geo. Howland, Sir Darner, Mr. An ingrossed Bill to explain the Act of the First Year

Chamber.

Importing lnlh Vara.

Lambs, dead, time.

A Motion being made, and tire Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

mfor,h«Y-$^£25*

Tellers for (he Noes|^;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

4*

37-

Ditto.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Stuff-maJcers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture within the several

Parishes of St. Philip and Jacob, Stapleton, Mongottf-

fieldIVeft bury, Horville, and several other Parishes and

Places, in the County of Gloucester, on behalf of them-l'elves, and Thousands of others, concerned in theWoolhen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that they have for many Years pall maintained their Families by the Woollen Manufactures, and - ~i:

paid their Taxes; but being iaformad, there is a Design . v i t £ £ " P i

to obtain an Act of Parliament, toprohibit the Import.- ?f <!« 6*Y*,gter R^s Reign coneerntng the . lion ol Irifi Yarn, or to lap a further Dot, thereupon, ?"r'ng and felling Cattle tap, so as to give

the which (if dfefled) will render the Petitioners unableto ^?Ve '°, P'rfMS' rf,.Bu,,cb!'!’ '° 611

'v_i c . c r ..Calves, Sheep, and Lambs, dead, to other Butchers.

carpr on their Trades for of Spmnera >n ^-stat M[ D,zi/ do ,tc w

to fp;n our Woof, and what will then be imported from ¥« i r v 7

Ar/ W, unwrought: That most Part of die S,an.fi the lairds, and desire their Concurrence hereunto.

Wool is gotten into the Hands of the French, whole An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lady Duffui’* Labour being 40 per Cent, cheaper than ours, they have for naturalizing Charlotta Lady Duffns, was Nat

undersold us in foreign Markets, and greatly diminished read the Third Time.

our Trade; and if, by the said Prohibition, the Price of Refo, That the Bill do pals. Labour should be increased, it will endanger the Loss of Ordered, That the Lord William Potolet do carry the the foreign Trade; to which may be added, the Hazard Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House of putting the People of Ireland upon the Exportation of has agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Wool beyond Sea, which will tend to the Destruction of

the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom: And pray- A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt, in ing, that the House will take the Matter into Considera- York Gallic, was presented to the House, and read; set-tion, and give proper Relief therein. _ ting forth, that they are in a very fad Condition, having

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition nothing bat the Gaol Allowance, which is firarce a bare be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Subsistence; and that they have had a malignant Distem-the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the per amongst them (occasioned, as supposed, by the Press Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exeter, on the of the Prisoners) whereof moll, that were seized with k,

died: That they are ready to discover, and surrender, all their Effects to their Creditors, as Authority shall think fit to direct: And praying, that the House will tike their miserable Calc into Confederation, and order their Enlargement; or that some Provision may be made by

Dtbtors

Petition.

behalf of themselves, and many Thou foods, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Weavers, Tuckers, and other Manu-

fasturers in the Woollen Manufacture, within the Parishes

of Bedminster, BrUlinrton, Keynjhaw, Chew-magna, Chew- their Creditors for their Support, according to their several

Jtoake., Pcutford, Whitchurch, and several other Parishes Qualities.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Ease of Insolvent Debtors, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time To-

and Places, in the County of Somerset, on the behalf of themselves, and Thousands of others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have no

other Way to subsist, but by the Woollen Manufacture, morrow, after Twelve a Clock which has been very much supported by the Importation of Irish Yarn, whereby, and the mixing it with English The House proceeded in the further hearing the Merits Yarn, the Makers have been enabled to fell the some at of the Election for the Borough of Afirburt&n, in the such reasonable Bates, as to fell before Foreigners at Mar- County of Devon.

kets, and supply them with sufficient Quantities; but, if And the Counsel on both Sides were called in, and the said Irish Yam should be prohibited to be imported, or head; and several Witnesses were examined on behalf of discouraged, it will be the Ruin of the Petitioners, and the Sitting Members.

their Families, and a Difodvantage to this Kingdom, And then the Counsel, and Witnesses, being with-because there are not Hands enough to spin the Yam, drawn;

necessary for the Trade of this Nation; and therefore to Resolved, Nomine contradicente, That Roger Ynckjteld, discourage Spinning and Combing in Ireland, must be Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this pre-detrimental to the whole Woollen Trade: And praying lent Parliament for the Borough of Ashburton. such Relief in the Premises, as the House Hull think fit. A Motion being made, and the Question being pot. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be That Robert Bail, Elqtrire, is duly elected a Butgefc, to

Ashburton

Ele&on,

referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Vo l. 16.

serve in this present Parliament for the fmd Borough of Morton:

The

1 1

120

22* — 2 3° — Februarii.

j4. 1708.

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tdtas for ,h. No

So it was lelolved in the Affirmative.

}*$* 58-

CooimirciiJ Intercourse with Scotland.

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart and Murray, Merchants (presented to the House the

of the fciri City, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Trader*, and other Inhabitants, within the Borough of 'Tregoncy, in the County of Cornwall, on the behalf of themselves, and others of the said Borough, employed in the Woollen Manufactory, as also of divers Gentlemen, Farmers, and others, living in and near the said Borough of Tregoney, was presented to the House, and read; setting_forth.

Importing lri£h Yarn.

HalfaU'a

Estate.

Earl of

Plymouth's

Estate.

*5th of January last) be taken into Confederation upon that the Maintenance of many Hundreds of poor People, Monday Morning next. and their Families, in the said Town, and Places adjacent,

depend on the Woollen Manufacture: That of late Years Ordered, That the Bill to enable John Halfall, Esquire, such great Quantities of Worsted wrought Yarn have been and others, to fell certain Lands and Appurtenances in imported into divers Parts of this Kingdom from Ireland, Charlewood, and Harley, in the County of Surrey, and allb that the poor Wool-combers, and Spinners, in Devonshire

the Advowson of the Rectory of Charlewood aforesaid, for are out of Employment, and will shortly be burthensome Payment of Debts and Portions, be read a Second time to their respective Parishes: That by an Act, made in

the 10th Year of King s Reign, Worsted, Bay,

and Woollen, Yarn, are prohibited to be exported from Ireland into any foreign Parts, except, England, where it may be imported, without any additional Duty: That the Book of Rates takes no Notice of any Duty on Irish Worsted, lo that the same is entered for Bay Yarn, and is of double the Value, and can be rendered more than 30 Cent, cheaper, than it can be made in , and Wool-

len Yarn, and combed Wool, in Proportion; so that our whole Woollen Manufacture is likely to be translated to Ireland, as to the working Part (Weaving only excepted) unless timely relieved: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii,230 d Februarii;

Anno 7* Annae Reginae, 1708.

Prath r s.

SI R John Pachington reportedJrom the Committee,

to

whom the Bill to vest the Estates, which came to the Right honourable Other Earl of by his

Mother, in Trustees, and their Heirs, to fell, for railing Money to pay off Moneys, charged upon his paternal

Estate, and to enable him to cut Coppices, and to grant Mayor, Ald^men, and Common Council, and of the Mer-Leafesof the Estates of him the said Earl, and Countess chants and Traders, of the City of on the behalf

of Plimouth his Wife, in Cheshire and Flintshire, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

of themselves, and many Thousands of the Citizens of the said City, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

vision from Scotland.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Hea, Mr. Bofcawen, Export of Mr. Foot, and Mr. Ferrier, be added to the Gentlemen, Salt Pro-

who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the ascertaining, and directing the Payment, of the Allowances, to be made upon the Exportation, from Scotland, of Fish,

Beef, and Pork, cured with foreign Salt, imported before the First Day of May, 1707.

Anfvrer to Addrefi.

The Lord William Pozvlett reported from the Com- Handafyde’s, mittee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of &x-the Petitions of the non-commissioned Officers of Sir Re6imeat1, Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their jjenry and Colonel Brewer, and Lieutenant

Address had been presented to her Majesty, That she General Regiments, the Matter, as it appeared to

would please to give Directions to the proper Officer to them; which he read in his Place, and afterwards lay before this House, an Account of the Names of the delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read,

Sureties for such Receivers General, as have compounded, an(j |s as followeth; viz.

and also of the Sureties for the present Receivers General; That it appeared to the Committee, by Certificates and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, under the Hands of the late Commissioners for stating the

as desired. Accounts of the Army, and from the Earl of s

. Office, that the Allegations, contained in the said Peti-

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of tions, are true; and that there remains due to the Peti-

Irish Yarn. Taviftoek, employed in the: Woollen Manufactures, and of tioners the several Sums following, for their Arrears in

divers others, inhabiting in and about the said Borough, Ireland and , during the late War, which are

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that unsatisfied; viz.

Importing

of late Years great Quantities of Worsted and Ob Yam have been imported from Ireland, to the great Impoverishment of many thousand poor People, heretofore employed in manufacturing Ob and Worsted Yam in those Parts; which Mischief increases upon them, and threatens them

1 v\ f - . n i* r 1 1

d,

9*

3*

5*

s.

To the Regiment of Sir Henry Bellajis - 440 6 Colonel Brewer - - 187 17

Lieut. General Erie 526 8

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

with utter Rum: And pray inglpeedy Relief therein, either suant to t^e prayer of the gy Petitions; and that the

by laying a Duty on such Worsted Ob Yarn imported, to Lord Wiliam Powlett and Mr. Fairer do prepare, and make an Equivalent with English Worsted, or otherwise, brine in the Bill, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Mr. Pocklington, reported from the Committee, to Frauds i» be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the whom the Bill for redressing and preventing, several SumpDutiw Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty’s Duties Merchants and Traders, of the City of J Exeter, on the upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and regu-behalfof themselves, and many thousands of the Citizens lating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s

Bench

L.

7 Ann.

23° — 24° Februarii.

121

Import tab ltj'

Bench and Common Fleas at Westminster, was committed 1 that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Gerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Earl of Mr. Dolben (according to Order) prefen ted to the

Clanrickard'a House, a Bill for the Relief of the Earl of Clanricka Estate* (lately called Lord Bophin) of the Kingdom of in relation to his Estate in Ireland; and the Bill was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *" to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Ease of infelvent Intblveav Debtors, be read a Second time Tomorrow, after One a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Whitehaven

Harbour.

An ingrafted Bill for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of ^Cumberland, was read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 7. L. 21. After the Word "under" insert his or."

Pr. 13. L. 8. # # 0

L. 18. 00a

Pr. 19. L. 1 r. Before " Harbour" insert " the said."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title venting the Mifckiefs, that may happen by Fire, was be. An Act for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of read the First time.

Jovis, 24* die Februarii;

Anno 7* Anns Reginas, 1708.

Praters.

AM E SS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Regers and

Mr. Hie cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sopoly Bill; for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Datiw. Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1709, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for making more effectual an A&, made in the Mischief* by sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better pre-

Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Peyton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Pensions to Members*

The Lord William Powlett (according to Order) H«nd»syde'«, presented to the House, a Bill for the Relief of the non- *c’ commissioned Officers, and Soldiers, of the respective Companies of the Three Regiments of Colonel Thomas

RegiiMBta.

Mr. Lowndes, Secretary of the Treasury, having acquainted the House, that he had received an Order

(made by the Committee appointed to consider of Me- HandaColonel and Lieutenant General thods for the effectual Execution of the several Laws, Erie's; and the same was received, now in force, for excluding from the House of Com- Ordered, That the Bill be read the First time To-

mons. Officers, and such as receive Pensions, during morrow Morning.

Pleasure, and to report their Opinion therein to the

House) that the proper Officer of the Treasury do lay Sir (according to Order) presented to Birmingham

before the said Committee, an Account, in Writing, of the House, a Bill for the building a Parish Church, and Church-what Pensions are paid out of Secret Service Moneys; Parsonage House, and making a new Church-yard, and a and deliring the Opinion of the House thereupon; new Parish in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick-,

And a Motion being made, and the Question being and the feme was received, and read the First time. ' proposed. That an humble Address be presented to Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, her Majesty, that Ihc will be graciously pleased to give

Directions to the proper Officer, to lay before this The Earl of Hertford (according to Order) presented Mallet’*

House, an Account of what Pensions have been paid out to the House, a Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer Debt to th* of Secret Service Money, to Members of Parliament, of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for or any in Trust for them, if any such there be; the Time being, to compound with William Mallet,

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by Esquire, as Surety for his Father, while Receiver General leaving out, " to Members of Parliament, or any in Trust for the County of Somerset, and City of; and the "for them, if any such there be." same was received, and read the First time.

And the Question being put. That those Words Hand Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Part of the Question;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth;

Tellers for f Mr. Secretary Boyle, the Yeas, ( Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer: Tellers for C Sir Thomas Hanmer, the Noes, (Mr. Freeman:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

jt9*.

} 15*-

A Petition of Edward Whitaker, late Solicitor to the Whitak*/* Admiralty and Navy, was presented to the House, and A.c?ou?t read; setting forth, that the Petitioner served as such Solicitor near Ten Years, in the Reign of King William, and had imprest to him, at several Times, for carrying

Then the main Question being put. That an humble on that Service, and purchasing the Admiralty Office Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be &c. the Sum of £.41,499. 2 7 the Moiety of which graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Offi- the Petitioner paid in gross Sums, for which lie produced cer, to Jay before this House, an Account of what Pen- sufficient Vouchers at the passing his Accounts; the other lions have been paid, out of Secret Service Money, to Moiety was laid out in Law Charges, holding Courts Mem ben of Parliament, or any in Trust for them, it for Trials of Prisoners, and maintaining them, whilst in any such there be; Custody, condemning Prize Ships, Counsels and Clerks

It was resolved in the Affirmative. Fees, and other incident Charges, paid by the Petitioner,

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her for which no Receipts, or Vouchers, could be had, or Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her reaibnably expected: That the Petitioner constantlygave Majesty’s raoft honourable Privy Council. in his Accounts to the then Lords of the Admiralty,

Ordered, That all, that come to the said Committee, who (after perusing the m) referred them to Sir Cha. have Voices. Hedges, such, as related to the Civil Law Chatges, and

Vol. 16. ~ Hh such

I $2

24* Febrmrii.

jf. *708.

fiichy Hxfihtefl fertile Common RawCharges) and Dif- forth, than there hath btertefi late lochraftQtawtiriasof butfiflhtet* to Mr. Stfrfeut ZHtiMworihand Mr. 72* /rrerevfraad other Brandies imported, and publickly fold in ticimt*<then Courife) to the Admiralty and Navy; this Kindom, at foeh easy Rates, that, if the same be not who after examining such Accounts, yearly, certified timely prevented, Truk of distilling from malted under their Hands, that Inch Accounts were reasonable, Com will be ruined; which wiM inevitably fink the Value and nt to be allowed 1 and, according to the Course of of Barley Lands* and be a great Lafe in he# Majesty’s the Navy, the whole Imprest, charged on the Petitioner, Revenue both upon Malt, and Spiritsr And praying, u fully discharged, and not one reny in Arrear to the that a Difoouragement may be given to the Practice of Crown: thafby an Act, paflid kl the Fifft Year of her importing Brandies, & that it may be prevented for the Majesty’s Reign, the Petitioner b thereby charged Debtor latere, either by encouraging the Informers, tire Seizers, to the Queen, in the Court of Exchequer, for the Sum of or the Officers of Exerfc add Costoms, or by making the £.43,398. 141. 4fd. and to account for it according to Condemnation more cfcfy, or by futh other Ways and the Course of the Exchequer, notwithstanding any Order Means, as shall be thought meet, of the Admiralty, or Course of the Navy; and no Allow- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, ance can be bad in the Exchequer, but by Receipts until the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of To-and Vouchers, which, in the Nature of the Petitioner’s bacco, arid other Commodities, and Mamrfactures, of Service, were impossible to be produced, being such, the Growth and Preduft of Great Britain, and the *f afbttffid: Thus by a Law ett pifi facto, when foe Dominions thereunto belonging, be read a Second time. Petitioner’s Servants are dead, raoft of his Vouchers for the great Sums delivered up, and be unable (o produce A Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Tobacco such Receipts, as the Court of Exchequer requires, the Pettugal, Spain, and ,in behalf of themselves, and Trade. Petitioner's Rftate is feiatd into het Majesty’s Hands, many others in this Kingdom, concerned in the said apd be obliged to abscond, and himself, and a numerous Trade, was presented to the House, and read} setting Family mined, unless some Relief be granted by the forth, that there being a Bill depending in the House,

House: And praying, that his same may be taken into for encouraging the Exportation of Tobacco, and other Consideration, and that he may be relieved against the Commodities, and Manufactures, of the Growth and feld ... or otherwise, is dial) be thought meet. Product of Great Britain, and the Dominions thereunto 1

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition belonging, the Petitioners crave Leave to represent, that be referred to a Committee; mid that they do examine since the War, great Quantities of Wines hare been the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House; imported into this Kingdom from Portugal, Italy, and And it is referred to Sit Francis Masham, Sir Richard which has encouraged those Nations to take off

Farrington, Sir John Whitwrong, Mr. Woollafon, Mr. much greater Quantities of Woollen Manufactures, and

Galthorp, Sir Robert Marshan, Mr. Dtnton, Mr. Hampden, Fish from Newfoundland and Nero England, and other Sit Gilbert Pickering, Mr. Clavell, Sir John Holland, the Product of this Kingdom, than formerly; whereby Sit Lambert Blackwell, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Worsley, Mr. Ball, much more Shipping is employed, and the Portuguese Mr. DolbeH, Mr. Peyton, Lord Powlelt, Sir Petit King, (who had set up the Manufacture of Cloth, and well-nigh

Mr. Sir Edw. Lawtence, Mr. Mafers, Mr. brought it to Perfection, and thereupon prohibited our

Sherard, Mr. Cempton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Brewer, Woollen Cloth) have, a few Years part, taken off the said Sir lYtn. Ajbhurst, Mr. Ferrier: And they are to meet Prohibition, to encourage our continuing the Consump-this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s tion of their Wines; which Prohibition they will in all Chamber. likelihood (if a free Import of French Wines into Great

fctaei Orimi, That At Report from the Committee, to be gra) nme., Wause such Importation would

*«' ,hom the Bill for making the River Kama navigable £" 5"JpE,<Pl" of £t'pW!,nti h£* "»?" from to NtwimjX the Count, of Her*.?-as v

Committed,^be receiverfupon Warning ne«. ‘Lt #^*3

A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen, Governor, only by the Goods they have already sent thither, and are Assistants, and Guardians, for the Poor, and also other now fending, and the Wines already bought there, and Inhabitants, of the* Town of Kingston upon Hull, was freighted home in English Shipping, but by a future presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Diminution of the Trades to those Parts: That no other an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Commodity, than Tobacco, can be pretended to be ex-WiUim, for ere&ittg Workhousts in the said Town, for ported to France, in any Quantity, and that may as well Employment and Maintenance of the Poof there, the be done in neutral Ships, as is now practised, and much Corporation, thereby constituted, for taking care of the more to the Advantage of this Nation, in regard the said Poor, was obliged to raise no more, than had been Returns will then be made in Bills of Exchange; and, if paid in any one Year of the Three Years preceding the Ships be allowed to come and go freely to , all the said Act: That by the War, Losses at Sea, and Removal Vigilance of the Government will not be able to prevent of Soldiers, out of the Garrison, who often leave Wife and their carrying from hence Wool, contraband Goods, and Children behind them, their Poor are greatly increased % even Money, nor hinder the Importation of Alamodes, so that the yearly Afliffment (which amounts to about Luftrings, Linen, and other French Manufactures, of £.360 ptir Annum) fells touch short of aftfwering the small Bulk; whereby the same Manufactures here will NecessitieS of their Poor*. And praying, that a Cl&ufe may be much prejudiced, if tto^ruined: And praying, that be inserted in some Bill, to impower the said Corporation

to raise a further 8utn, not exceeding £.ioo per Annum,

Ordered, That the Confide ration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bist for building a Church, or Chapel, in the Town of Mantheftr, is committed-, and that it be an Instruction to the find

?d

k

Mil!

Tnd

Kingston upon Hull Poor.

Urj

MW mswvm LTtvjwvuwu) as uui t uauuvvj auu UlSJIUgf lUAk

this House will take the Prdmlfes Into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pais.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, ttritil the said Bill be read a Second time.

hopottmt

French

Bnodkw.

.....__________ Ahingfofted Bill Item the Lords, intituled, An Act krrerfing.

Committee, that they have Power to receive a Glause, t6 reverie the Outlawry and Attainder of Ckrijtopher according to the Prayer of the find Petition. Lord Baton of in Ireland, Was read the Fifft time. r’

Refototd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Grand t uty at the General Quarter Sessiotrtof the Peace, held for the County of Kent on the An IngWflM Bill from the Lords, ihtltuled. An Act Gay's Maw. 8th Day of otleber, 1708, and of the several Gentlemen, for Vetting the Site, capital Messuage, of Farm, of the Farmers, and Yeomen, of the said County, in behalf Manor of South#*, and Lands thereonto belonging, in of themselves, and many Thoofands more of the said the Gouhty of Smetfit, late the Ellate of John Gay, Geh-Countt, was pttfchttd to the House, and read; setting tlcman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the speedkt K

Payment

7 An*.

24* Februarit.

M3

Offle/t

bacn

r*4.

Reftrtining Bui Wop.

Tobice#

Trade.

Payment of his Debts, and better Persontyuice of the An Act for naturalizing Charlotte Lady

1*11 fts therein mentioned, was read the First time* t ' ‘

KefotvutyThat the Bill be read a Second time. An Act to enable Edward Sainthill (late Edward Yard)

Esquire, po chaste Surname from Yard to Sainthill, A BUI to enable Awe Qfb*Widow, and John Qfiey, according to the Will of Samuel Sainthill, E%utre, de-

Esquire, her Son, and Heir apparent, to change their ceaied:

Surnames from Offley to Crewe, was read a Second time. And that the Lords Commi/Honers had faffed the Refolded* That the Rill be committod to Mx*Egerten, Royal Assent to those Bills accordingly.

Sir aw. Lawrence, Lord /To. Powlett, Mr. Qfidt Mr.

Booth, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sk Gilbert PkkcrUr, Mr. A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Sheppard, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Lavfan, Mr. Duckett, That the Bill for the encouraging the Exportation o? To-

Mr. Sherard, Mr. Sambroke, Mr. Vane, Sir John Mor- bacco, and other Commodities, and Manufactures, of

daunt, Mr. Mason, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hungsrford, the Growth and Product of Great Britain, and the Do- Mr. Bnlkley, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wortley, minions thereunto belonging, be committed;

Mr. Peyton, Mr. Shacktrty, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Cotton, The divided;

Mr, Pawlett, Mr. Brewer; and all, that lerve for the The Yeas go forth:

Counties of CJufier, Lantqfler, and Derby: And they are T-ttrr* c*. *i,fe Marquis

to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's <Mr.: (

Tell^forthcN^;^ ].*.

So ic was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

That this House mil, upon Morn-

ing next, reloJve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Grand Jury at the Tobacco

Twit-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill to restrain the building upon new Foundations within the Cities of London and Westminster; and that Mr. Ward and Mr. Brewer do prepare , and bring in, the Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill for the encouraging the Exportation General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the Coun-of Tobacco and other Commodities, and Manufactures, tyof Kent on the 8th Day of October, 1708, and of the of the Growth and Product of Great Britain, and the several Gentlemen, Farmers, and Yeomen, of the said Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, be now County, in behalf of themselves, and many thouiands

read the Second time; The House divided: The Noes go forth:

'Mr. Gre

Teller* for Che Y«4&V».

Wert ley, Methwen: So it was reiblved in the Affirmative. The BUI was read the Second time.

Tellers for the Noes.^j^'

J lSS* }*47-

fVrrepont»

Charities.

more of the said County; and also the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, in behalf of themselves, and many others in this, Kingdom, concerned in the said Trade; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being Agovsaoit put. That the House do now adjourn:

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

TdfonforrhcY

So it passed in the Negative.

j ip.

Lacy's

Estate.

Royal A flint to Bills.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

better establishing certain Charities of John Pierrepontj

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Then the Couniel for the City of London were (accord- Foreign Pro* for veiling divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Tene- ing to Order) called in, to be heard against the Bill for testanwNat. ments, or John Lacy, Esquire, in the Counties of Essex, naturalizing of foreingn Protestants.

Cambridge, and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, for And the Bill was read a Second time: And the Couniel

Payment of his Debts, makingProvision for his Children were heard against the same unprovided for, and for other rurposes therein mention- And being withdrawn; ed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

House. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

And then the Messengers withdrew. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve iticlf into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

A Message by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Ulher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s «,uw,.wn,u.v

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this that they have Power to receive a Clause, for preferring House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission the Rights of the City of London. read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the Hou fe, went up

to the House of Peers: And being returned; Mr. Speaker reported.

that a Commission was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Rest, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Grant, Brad/haigh'a Mr. Pringle, Mr. Urquhart, Mr. Wilson, be added to ECUi*. the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in Trustees the 4th Part of a 4th Part of the Estate of Sir

impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bradshaigh, Baronet, in the several Coudties of Eden, Lord Chan<*flor, and several other Loitfs, so pass the Stffelk, Kent, Surrey, Hertford, and City of

Royal Afleirt to the several Bills following; vh. London, late the Estate of the Countess of Oxford, to be

/An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon fold for Payment of his Sifter's Portion off. 2/300, and Mal t, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service <tf the > 5©0 to his Mother, and the Debts of his Father, and

his Brother's Portion, is committed.

Year *709:

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the rebuilding and repairing the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the County of For

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Cfock.

iM

25* Februarii.

A,yjo9.

Veneris, 25° die Februarii \

toffeftfte. Nat.

Answtr to ^Iddress.

Anno 7* Annse Regime, 1708.

P*aybrs.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act , for naturalizing Lewis de Peter and

others, was read* Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis ' Masham, Sir Wm. Scawen, Colonel , Mr.

Pocklington, Sir David Dal Lord Powlet, Sir John Holland, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mr.

Morifim, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Mason, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Peyton, Sir Cha. Mr.

Thornhagb, Mr. Nevi/l, Mr. Mr. Windham,

Mr. D'tfton, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Heme, Lord Coningsby,

Sir Wm. St. Quint in, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Monfton, Mr.

Wilson, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Richmond: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr.Chancellorof the Exchequer reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be graciously pleased to give Direction to

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws expired, and near expiring, and what are nt to be revived, and continued, do meet and (it de die in diem j and that Sir John Guise, Sir Godfrey , Mr. Peyton, and Mr. Bromliy, be added to the said Committee; and that the Committee do forthwith make their Re-, port. '

A Petition of Henry Pox, Esquire, and the Lady Galway, his Wife, was presented to* the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, the Lady Galway, is entitled to Dower out of the Estate of the late Lord Galway, deceased, her former Husband, by whose Death the Estate came to the Lord B That there is a Bill in the House/for the Relief of the Earl of Clanrickard (lately called Lord Bophin) of the Kingdom of,

in relation to his Estate in Irelanwhich, the Petitioners are advised, may prejudice the said Right of Dower: And praying, that aClause may be inserted in the said Bill, for saving to the Lady Galway her Right of Dower to the said Estate.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses,

Expiring

Laws.

Earl of

Clanrickard’*

Estate.

the proper Officer, to lay before this House, an Account together with other the principal Inhabitants and Traders,

Africa*

Trade.

of what Pensions have been paid, out of secret Service-money, to any Members of Parliament, or any in Trust for them, if any such there be; her Majesty has been pleased to give the necessary Directions thereupon.

Wymoudham A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 7th and 8 th Road*. Years of his late Majesty King William (intituled, An

of the Corporation of Taunton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are greatly concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, whereof great Quantities are exported to Africa, by the Encouragement of a late Act, for laying open the Trade to Africa: Tl>at the Petitioners are informed, there is a Design to confine the Lid Trade to a Company, exclusive Act for repairing the Highways between IVymcndham and of all others; whereby the far greater Part of Merchants, Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk)and for includ- dealing with the Petitioners, will be excluded, and confe-

ing therein the Road, leading from Wymondham to He- questly their Trade lessened, and exposed to the Discou-therfett, over the Commons belonging to the said Towns, ragement and Inconveniency of one Buyer: And pray-was read a Second time. ing the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Windham, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petit ion be

referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Mr. Mason

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Farrington, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Thompson, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Calthtrpe, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Gale, Sir John Benuet, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Woollaston, Sir Jo. Mordaunt.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Whitaker, late Solicitor to the Admiralty and

Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Baines, Mr. Page, Mr. Navy, is referred, have Power to fend for Persons, Pa-Topham, Lord Powlet, Mr. Morifon, Mr. Farrer, Mr. ’ "

White, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Montgomery, Sir William Ash-burst, Mr. Whitchcot, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Archer-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

pers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Whitaker’* Account with the Public.

Committee*.

Handafyde’*, Ate. Regiments.

A Bill for the Relief of the non-commissioned Officers’ and Soldiers, of the respective Companies of the Three Regiments of Colonel Thomas Handafyde, Colonel John

Tobacco

Trade.

A Petition of her Majesty's Four Independent Compa- Army Debt-niesat New York, in America, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the late Commissioners, for dating the Accounts of the Army, have certified the Sum of £.769. 13 j. 4 due to the Petitioners; for which no Debentures have yet issued, by reason the Petitioners Lruefay, and Lieutenant General Erie, was (according were abroad, in her Majesty’s Service, at the Time they to Order) read the First time. lhpuld have demanded the lame: And praying, that

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. they may be relieved, by granting Debentures to the Petitioners for the Moneys certified to be due to them.

APetition of the Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition

Inhabitants of the Town and Vicarage of Halifax, in the of the several non-commissioned Officers, late of Sir Henry West Riding of the County of York, and Places adjacent, Bellafs and Colonel Brewer’s Regiments, now under was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Command of the honourable Colonel Handafyde and the House hath given Leave to bring in a Bill for the John Livefay, Esquires, by their now Colonels, is referred, encouraging the Exportation of Tobacco, and other Com- be revived; and that the said Petition be referred to the modifies, and Manufactures, of the Growth and Product said Committee; and that they do examine the Matter of Great Britain, and the Dominions thereunto belonging: thereof, and report the same to the House.

That, if the said Bill should pass, the Petitioners conceive.

Sir David Ram fey presented to the House (according Berkley to Order) a Bill for making the Ships, the Berkley Castle Castle, t and James of Montroffe, free Ships; and the same was ShlP* received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon"

Thvrfday Morning next.

it will be very prejudicial to the Woollen Manufactures, not only in relation to the Trade with Portugal (whither abundance of those Commodities are font) but to Great Britainm general, especially in the Westcm and Northern Parts: And praying, that the House will not admit of any thing, whereby the Staple Commodity of Great Britain may in the least be prejudiced.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

*4

See.

A Bill to enable John Halfall, Esquire, and others, to fell certain Lands and Appurtenances in Charlewood, and

Horley,

Halfall’*

Estate

7 Ann.

25° — 26° FebruarU.

I25

Eish

I*

Horley, in the County of Surry, and also the Advowson Payment of the Army, and Quarters, is committed, to of the Rectory of Charlewood aforesaid, for Payment of receive a Clause, for explaining the Act of this Session of Debts and Portions, was read a Second time. ' Parliament (intituled, An Act for the speedy and effec-

And a Motion being made, and the Question being tual recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines)

irlof

mndti

put. That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Pacey'sDebt The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a to the Crowo. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Sir Rickard Alibi, alias AnguifhThomas Barker, and others, presented to the House on Monday k(l. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had considered the Matter of the Petition; and had di-

for the discharging of rerions lifted.

Mr. Lowther pre/cnted to the House (according to Order) a Bill for regulating of Servants Wages, and fot the better Recovery of the lame, and also for making the Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen (intituled, An Act, containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices) more effectual; and the same was received, ancf read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Regulating

Wages.

fefted him to move the House, that Leave may be given whom the Petitions, relating to Irish Yarn, imported into to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said this Kingdom, were referred, be received upon Monday Petition: Morning next.

And he moved, that Leave may be given accordingly. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- for veiling divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Tene-cording to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that ments, of John Lacy, Esquire, in the Counties of Essex, Mr. Farrer, Sir Robert Dovers, Lord Wm. Powlett, Cambridge, and in Trustees, to be sold for.

Mr. Pagitt, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Freman, and Lieute- Payment of his Debts, making Provision for his Children nant General Harvey, do prepare, and bring in, the lame, unprovided for, and for other Purposes therein men-

Importing Irish Yarn.

Lacy

liftate.

Punishing Mutiny and Teferiion.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and falle Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Topbam took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Top ham reported from the Committee, that they Sir Samuel Gerrard, Mr. Gott, Sir Geo.

tioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, for making more effectual an Act made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

Mischiefs by Fire.

Frauds in

Stamp

Duties.

had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for redressing, and

Way. and Means.

Mr. Monflon, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Nicholls, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Bertie, Sir Hen. Fumafe, Sir Jeffry fryes. Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Peyton, Sir Gilbert Pickering, Lord Pozvlet, Mr. Topbam, Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Barker, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Mr. Femon, Mr. Mr. Sherrard, Sir Ashhurst, Sir

Mr. Ward, Mr. Difion, Mr. Papillon, preventing, several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Mr. Mr. Mr. Farrer, Lord Bruce;

Majesty’s Duties upon stamp’d Vellum, Parchment, and and all, that serve for London, Middlesex, Westminster, Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Pleas at West-~ minster, was committed, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the former Acts for the Encou- Encouraging

Manchester Church or Chapel.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Palmer, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for building a Church or Chapel, in the Town of Man-chefcr, is committed.

ragement of the Coinage, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Coinage.

And then the House adjourned till To Morning, Nine a Clock.

r <

Pierrepont’s

Charities.

Sabbati, 26° die Februarii j

Anno 7* Anna? Regina?, 1708.

Praters.

A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An il Act for the better establishing certain Charities of John Pierrepont, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Punishing Mutiny and Dtfertion.

Ordered, That Leave be given to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and falie Mullers, and for the better Blanks were filled up. Vo 1. 16.

The Lord Wm.Powlett (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereu(>on, agreed unto by the House.

A Claufo was offered to be added to the Bill, That, if any Damage should be done by the overflowing of the said River, occasioned by railing the Water above its usual Height, or to the Mills, that now are, or hereafter may be, built on or near the said River, by drawing off* their Water, the Commissioners shall adjudge, what Satisfaction shall be made for the fame.

And the Clause was twice read, with Blanks; and the

Kennet

Navigation.

And

Goc

Arrears of Land Tax Receivers*

ix6

a 6*~i8°

A. 1708.

And a Modem being rtndt, and she Question being ' put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It paged in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to she Biff, That none of the Rates or Duties lhaM be demanded for any Dung, Hay, Marl, or other Manure, carried upon the said River by any the Occupiers of Lands within Miks Distance thereof.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up j the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Undertakers shall make Satisfaction, to be ascertained as the Commissioners shall direct, as aforesaid, in case the Parties cannot agree the same amongst themselves, for any Damage, that shall be sustained by reason of the fiiid Navigation.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That any Person may carry any Goods upon the said River, between Reading and Newberry paying to the Undertakers not above per Ton.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up; the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Accounts, laid before the House the Fourth Instant, by the Agents for Taxes, of what Receivers General are in Arrear upon the Ninth and Tenth Four Shillings Aid, and also of what hath been paid into the Exchequer on the Eleventh 4*. Aid; and to report the Matter thereof to the House; that they had examined the feme accordingly, and had directed him to report the Matter to the House; And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic; where the feme was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That, notwithstanding the Powers, given by the respective Acts of Parliament to the Collectors, to levy these Aids, and the Penalties, laid on the Receivers General, to oblige them to pay the same into the Receipt of her Majesty’s Exchequer within the Times limited by ACfc of Parliament, the Arrears of the Ninth Aid, granted fear the Service of the Year 1706, were, on the $d instant, jC- 34,831. u. 3 id.

That the Arrears on the Tenth 4*. Aid, granted fur the Service of the Year 1707, were, at the same time, £. 135,026. is. nd. and that, to the First of this Instant, the Receivers had paid into the Exchequer, on Account of the nth 4 s.Aid, granted for the Service of Hie Year 1708, only £.648,917. 14/. tyd. when the Three Quarters of the said Aid* payable on Or before the a$th Decemberlaft past, and which the Receivers are required forthwith to pay into the Exchequer, or, at the fiirthcft, within Twenty Days after their Reoeipt thereof, was t,53*1877- m. 3 $d.to that the Atrear of the said Aid was then £883,959.

That the Total of these Arrears were then£. 1,053,817. oj. 11 i d.of which, according to an Account, delivered

in by the Agents of Taxes to the Committee, to the 19th Instant, there has been fmee paid into her Majesty’s Exchequer,

£. d.

Of the Arrears of the 9th 41. Aid 43a -

- . , of the 1 oth 4;. Aid 19/380 15 11

of the ssth 42. Aid 132,160 -

In ail - 161,67a 15 11

And there waa then Handing Out, of the severalArrears, £.892,144. <x. of d.

That the Committee lent to the Agents for Taxes, rat an Account of the Arrears of other Land Taxes; who have only returned Baldwyn Mallei, Receiver of she County of Somerset, in Arrear for the Aid, and Subsidies, in 1703, £.<64. 18 s.6 d.and that he is indebted to her Majesty, for the Duties on Houses, and Marriages, iSc. about the Sum of £. 1,000 more.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an bumble Address be made to her Majesty, laying before her the State of the Arrears of the Land Tax for the Years 1706, 1707, and 1708; and that the Publick suffers, by paying Interest for the Money due on those Arrears; and the Danger to the Publick, of greater Losses, by the Receivers tailing with considerable Sums in their Hands; and that her Majesty be humbly desired to give her Orders, that more effectual Care may be taken, to prevent the like Arrears for the future;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out from the First " be" to the End of the Question, in order to insert other Words instead thereof!

And the Question being put. That those Words (land part of the Question;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for J

Telle, for ,he Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Words following were proposed to be inserted instead of those left out; viz. " preieoted to her Majesty, to desire, that Ihe will be pleased to give the " necessary Orders for getting in the Arrears of the Land ‘ " Taxes, and for obliging the Receivers General to make " their Payments in due time."

And the same were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleated to give the necessary Orders, for getting in the Arrears of the Land Taxes, and for obliging the Receivers General to make their Payments in due time.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Gf-ift

la

African

Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Sufferers at resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Nevi*and

Christopbm.

ing next

House, to consider of the Report of the Lord High Treasurer (made upon an Address to her Majesty the 18th of March 1706) relating to the LufTes of the People of Nevis and 6/. Christopbers.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Churchill, Sir Whitaker's Arth. Owen, Mr. Bere, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Farrer, Mr. ^Publick.

Vernon, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Lawther, Mr. Winnington,

Sir Walter Yong, Mr. Pocklington, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Whit aka ,late Solicitor to the Admiralty and Navy., is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next.

if

Hi

2B0 die Februarii;

Ann* Regin*, 1708.

JLuneCf

Anno 7*

Praters.

A PETITION of she Mayor, Justices, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Corporation of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, with other principal Inhabitants of the

1 said

Importing Irish V ara*

V

Ann.

a 8° Febmarii.

1*7

laid Corporation, was presented to the Homfe, and read; selves, and Thousands of the Citizens of the said setting forth, that considerable Quantities of Worsted, as City, and Places adjacent, was referred, the Matter, as it well as Bay or Woollen Yam, have of late keen imported app«ued to them, and the ftesolution of the Committee

thereupon, which they bad directed him to report to the House: And be read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Considerafioa upon Thursday Morning next.

into the Western Parts of Great Britain from Ireland, and

fold much cheaper, than it can polfibly be made for here; so that the Imported, receiving a particular A4-wurtage to themfehres, ace thereby encouraged to continue its Importation, though to the general Detriment of this their own Country: That, by ratio a hereof, great Nwmbere of Families are destitute of their Labour, they before Sir William Drake also reported from the said Com-enjoyed, and are become, and more are likely «o be, mittee, that, as to the Petition of the City of,

chargeable to their relpetftive Parishes, Trade in general relating to the Trade, referred to the same Corn-

being very much abated, and the Value of Lands in mittee, the Committee submit it to the House, whether Bmerfetfinrt considerably funic: And praying, that the they do not think fit to discharge them from that Petition, House will apply fuefa suitabie Remedies, as may redraft it being altogether foreign to the Matter of Irish Yarn, his general Grievance. and (as they humbly conceive) of too publick a Nature,

Ordered, That the find Petition do lie upon the Table, for them to give any Opinion upon, till they receive until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom further Directions from the House: And he delivered

Turkey

Trade.

the Petition in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

Importing lrith Yam.

A Petition of the Matter Weavers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, living in and near Spitaljklds, in the Bsrilhes of Stepney and St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and also of several

others of the said Manufacture, living in or near wark, and other Places near the Cities of London and Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and Thousands of

the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Exeter, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Citizens of the said City, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, was referred.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Stuff-makers. Weavers,

Dyers, Salters, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in the City of BrifitU, was presented to the House, and read s letting forth, that there being an Attempt to procure an Act of Parliament, to prohibit, others, concerned in the aforesaid Manufacture, was pre-or at lealt to otherwise discourage, the bringing in of footed to the House, and read; setting forth, that they Yarn, made of Wool, out of Ireland into this Kingdom, have been long employed in the Woollen Manufactories, the Petitioners humbly crave Leave to lay before the by which they have been enabled to pay their Taxes to the House the miserable Condition of themselves, and Fami- Government; and being fentible of a Design to obtain lies, in cate such an Attempt Ihouki take Effect; for an Act of Parliament, to prohibit, or (which is the same that they mutt be totally without Work, and reduced to in effect) to lay a further Duty on Yarn, or Worsted, made the greatest Poverty, because Hands cannot be found of Irish Wool, which will not only unavoidably render to Ipin the Irish Wool, if it should be brought over the Petitioners uncapable of carrying on their Trades (as unwrought, and consequently they cannot have Yam to now they do) for want of Spinners, to /pin our own carry on their Trade: That it cannot be of any Advantage Wool, and what comes from Ireland unwrought, but also to this Nation in general, because, if Hands cannot be will prove a certain Ruin to our Woollen and Worsted found to spin the Wool, so great a Quantity of our Manufacture, in the Exportation of them to foreign Parts, Woollen Manufacture, as is necessary to carry on the on which, they conceive, the Interest and Trade of this Trade thereof in foreign Parts, cannot be made, and, if Nation intirely depends, and which they have great made, it will be lo dear, that Foreigners will undersell us reason to fear, may be in danger of being utterly Joft, abroad, and so consequently our Trade will be loft: And if their Fellow-subjects of Ireland should be forced (as praying, that the House will take their deplorable same they will adventure any Consequence, rather than starve) into Confederation, and not suffer them to be undone. to transport their Wool beyond Sea: And praying, that Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, the House will take their same into serious Consideration, until the Report be made from the Commitcee, to whom and give them such Relief, as Hull be thought fit. the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Council, and of the Merchants and Traders of the City until the Report from the Committee, to whom the of Exeter, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands Petitions, relating to the Importation of Woollen and of the Citizens of the said City, and others, employed Worsted Yarn from Ireland, are referred, be taken into

Consideration.

Importing Irish Yarn.

in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, was referred.

Earl of

Plymouth'*

Eilat*.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

An ingrossed Bill to vest the Estates, which came to the Right honourable Other Earl of Plymouth by his Mother, in Trustees, and their Hein, to fell, for railing for the Borough of in the county of ,

Moneys to pay off Moneys, charged upon his paternal in the room of the Right honourable Richard Lord Estate, and to enable him to cut Coppices, and to grant Viscount Shannon, who is appointed Deputy Governor JLeafes of the Estates of him the said Earl, and Countess of Dover Cattle, of Plimouth, his Wife, in Cheshire and Flintshire, was read

the Third time. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her

Rrfolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Directions to be. An Act to vest the Estates, which came to the Right the proper Officers, that an Account may be laid before honourable Other Earl of Plymouth by his Mother, in this House, what Accomptants have made up their Trustees, to be sold, and to enable him to cut Coppices, Accounts for Moneys, issued since the Commencement for railing Money to pay off Debts, charged upon his of the present War, and what Process has issued against paternal Estate. such, as have not made up their Accounts.

Ordered, That Sir John Pakington do carry the Bill to Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her

A run deli Writ.

Public

Accountants,

Importing iruii Yarn.

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir William Drake (according to Order) reported from the Committee, t6 whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) presented to the Pace/* Debt House, a Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of to tlje Crown.

and Traders of the City of Mxeter, anbehslf of them- Great Britain to compound with the Sureties of Samue,

Vol. 16.

Goc

128

28° Februarii. — i° Martii.

A. 1708.

Designed Invasion of Scotland.

Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Papers, which have been laid before this House, relating to the designed Invasion of Scotland, and the Proceedings thereupon, and against the Lord Griffin, and others, taken in Rebellion, and relating to the Persons taken upon Suspicion, and also to the Garrisons in Scotland; and also the Papers, relating to

Martis, i° d Martii;

Anno 7* Ann* Regina, 1708.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Ma* jetty, That (he would be pleased to give Orders for getting in the Arrears of the Land Taxes, and for

Answer to Addrtfk.

Wm. Gregs; be taken into Confutation upon Saturday obliging the Receivers General to make their Payments

r had been pleased to give

Morning next.

in due Time, her Majesty Orders accordingly.

Commercial

Intercourf*

with

-Scotland.

F oreign

Protestants

Nat.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart and William Murray, Merchants (presented to the House the 25th of January last) be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to Bradihaigh'i

whom the Bill for vetting in Trustees the Fourth Part of a Fourth Part of the Estate in the Counties of , Suffolk, Gloucester, Kent, Surry, Hertford, and City of London, late the Estate of the Countess of ,to

The Statute of King James the First, Cap. 2. being fold, an(j wJth the Moneys, arising the reby, to pay moved for to be read; the same was read accordingly. sir Roger Bradshaigh’s Sifter’s Portion of £.2,000, and And a Motion being made, and the Question being to his Mother f. 300, and the Debts of his Father, and put. That it be an fnftrudfion to the Committee of the his Brother’s Portion, charged upon his Lancashire

Estate.

CpffMt

to

| 101.

} 198

uniftiing Mutiny and Desertion.

Frauds in

Stamp

Duties.

whole House, to whom the Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants, is committed, that they do continue the same Provision, as was made by the said Statute;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

T.Uersfor theNo.s.1

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wortley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wortley reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mutters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for redrelfing, and preventing, several thereupon, agreed unto by the House Frauds and Practices relating, to her Majesty’s Duties Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, upon stamp’d Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and

Estate, so that the same may be disincumbered thereof, and with the Remainder of the Money, arising by such Sale, to purchase other Lands in the County of Lancaster, to be settled to the same Uses, as the Lancashire Estates are by his Marriage Settlement, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom Parochial the Bill to preserve Libraries, that have or shall be erected Libraries, by charitable Contribution in small Parishes in England, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put

be

Ways and Means.

African

Trade.

Mischiefs by Fire.

regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Pleas at Westminster, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa, after the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for naturalizing of foreign Protestants was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Bacon, Mr. erly, Mr. Dolben, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Chambers, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

ingossed.

A Bill to 'enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Mallett’s Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time Debt to the being, to compound with William Esquire, as Crown.

Surety for his Father, while Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. \

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Pacey’s Debt Britain, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, to the Crown, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of Edward Leigh, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that on the 22d Day of this instant Februaryf an Election came on for a

*3

Member

7 Aiw.

i — 2° Martit.

ii$

Softer i

Member, to serve for the Borough of Wallingford, in the upon Account of receiving Sacrament Money, Or Bread County of Berks, in the room of Wm. Jennings, Esquire, Money;

deceased; at which the Petitioner was duly chosen by a It patTcd in the Negative.

Majority of qualified Votes, and was returned by the Then the Counsel were called in again, and Mr.

rightful Mayor, and a Number of Eledors, to whom the Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Return belonged; but Mr. Blackall, an Attorney, who Then the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded, and called got into Possession of that Office contrary to the Charter, Witnesses, in order to disqualify Votes, upon Account took upon him to return Thomas Benda, Esquire: And of Sir Thomas White's Gift.

praying the Confederation of the House, and Relief in After which, the Counsel, and Witnesses, withdrew. the Premises. And a Motion being made, and the Question being

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, and put. That Persons, receiving Sir Thomas White's Gift, are Return, be heard upon Saturday, the Seventh Day of thereby disabled from giving their Votes in eledingCiti-

Uuif

May next.

Country The House proceeded to the hearing of the Merits of ElcAion. the Election, and Return, for the City of Coventry.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petition of Robert Craven, Esquire, relating to the said Election, was read.

And the Counsel were heard, and several Witnesses examined, touching the Right of Election.

And a Book being produced (alleged to be a Book of the Company of Fullers in the City) to prove, that they area Company, or Corporation, within the said City; And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn; And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Book be received as Evidence;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith: And they were further heard as to the Right of Election:

And being withdrawn;

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro* poled. That the Right of eleding Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City of , is in such Persons,

who have served Apprenticeships for Seven Years, within

Zens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry,

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the Merits of the said EJedion be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for redrafting, and preventing, several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty’s Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Pleas at committed,

be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die Martii\

Annat Regina, 1708*

Frauds far

Stamp

Duties,

Anno 7'

PftATEJtS.

A PETITION of Joseph , of Mer- Friend#

chant, was presented to the House, and read; set- Goodwill, the City, to one and the same Trade, not receiving Alms, ting for*h, that the Petitioner hath for many Years past &c-Sh,p* or constant Charities: been a constant Contrador, for supplying her Majesty’s

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by Yards with Naval Stores, as Hemp, Flax, That about

con-

140.

the Time he should have freighted Ships the last Year, for the Importation of Hemp, the Commissioners of the Transport Office had Occasion to take up a great Number of Ships for her Majesty’s Service, whereby Ships were not to be had; whereby the Petitioner was forced to buy Two Ships in Holland, called the Friends and the Experiment, to import the Hemp he had sold to the Queen; and being about to engage further in Contrafts with the Queen, as above, will be full under the Necessity of employing the said Two Ships in that Service: And praying, the said Two Ships may be naturalized.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

leaving out the Word " constant.

And the Question being put. That the Word " stant " stand Part of the Qtjeftion;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Td^forlheNc.,^/'-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That the Right of

electing Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City of _ __________

Coventry, is in such Persons, who have served Apprentice- according to the' Prayer of the said Petition; and that ftups for Seven Yean, within the City, to one and the Mr. Francis Annefy and Mr. do prepare, and bring same Trade, not receiving Alms, or constant Charities j in the gj]

It was resolved in the Affirmative. ’

Then the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. A Petition of more than Forty poor Persons for Debt Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution. and Damages in her Majesty’s several Gaols for the Town

And the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded to shew the and County of Bedford, as well in behalf of themselves. Proceedings and Behaviour of the Sheriffs at the Election, as of divers others in Custody in the said Gaols, and other and also the Merits of the Election; and several Witnesses the Gaols of South , was presented to the House, were examined in relation thereunto. and read; setting forth, that not only the Petitioners, but

And the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeding, in order to many Thousand others (whole Misfortunes have rendered disqualify several of the fitting Members Votes, upon them altogether insolvent) are now detained in the said - Account of their having received Parish Chanties; Gaols, to the Relief of whom the late gracious Acts in no

And the fitting Member’s Counsel infilling, that they wife extended; and, whilst they are in this great Distress, have not been able to make any Discovery, of what Per- others are burthened with their Families, for whom the fons (on the Petitioners Part) have received the Charities Petitioners, by their Industry, might at this Time (when of the Sacrament Money, and Bread Money, so as to the Kingdom wants Hands at home and abroad) make a make Objections to the Petitioner’s Votes upon that competent Provision, were they freed from their miserable Account, the Minister and Churchwardens alleging, they Confinement: And praying Relief, kept no Account of the fame; Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, till

And Witnesses being examined in relation to that the Bill for the Ease of insolvent Debtors, be read a

Debtors

Petition.

Matter;

The Counsel, and Witnesses, withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

Second Time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

put, That the Petitioner’s Counsel be admitted to give Withers, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Archer, Evidence, to disqualify any of the fitting Members Votes, Mr. Bacon, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Panier, V01. 16. . K k Sir

2° Martii. A. i 708.

Debtors

Petition.

1

Answer to Address.

Wjmondhtm

Roads.

Frauds in

Stamp

Duties.

Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Mafott, Mr. Mr. Mas-

ters, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Grey, Sir Tho. Cooke Mr. Windham, Mr. Monckton, Sir Mr. Chambre, Mr. Rudge, Sir Wm. Aflmrfl, Sir Gilbert -cote, Mr. Ward, Mr. Dominique, Mr. Serjeant Bennett, Mr. Bailie, Mr. Diston :And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and to fit de die in diem; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the poor Insolvent Debtors, as well Freemen, as other Prisoners, in the County Gaol of and belonging to the City of Norwich, and County of the fame, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that moil of the Petitioners have been Persons of good Business and Trade, and lived in Credit; but by many Lodes, and great Decay of Trade, are, with their Families, reduced to a poor miserable Condition, and by a long and close Confinement have been lo chargeable to their Relations, and Friends, that the Burthen grows insupportable, and are like to perish, for want of Subsistence: And praying, their woful Condition may be taken into Consideration, and some speedy Relief granted them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Safe of insolvent Debtors, is committed.

Ordered, That the several Petitions of Prisoners, which have been presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers, that they may lay before this House, what Accomptants have made up their Accounts for Moneys issued since the Commencement of the present War, and what Processes has issued out against such, as have not made up their Accounts; her Majesty has been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Windham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of his late Majesty King William (intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the county of ,) and for including therein the Road, leading from Wymondham to Hetherfett, over the Commons belonging to the said Towns, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For making the Bill a publick Act.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question

Jut thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made 'art of the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the fioufe to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for re-dressing, and preventing, several Frauds and Practices relating to her Majesty’s Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Pleas at Westminster, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout.

And then the First Amendment was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee; and that they do meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lowndes (by her Majesty’s Command) presented Pension* to to the House, a Return, in relation to the Address pre- Member*; fented to her Majesty, That she would be pleased to give Directions, that there might be laid before this House, an Account of what Pensions have been paid out of Secret Service Money, to Members of Parliament, or any in Trust for them, if any such there be.

And the Return was read, and is as followeih; viz.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice and Mr. Justice Dormer:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed upon an Address, to be pre- Address to fented to her Majesty; to which the Lords desire the 'take ,careof Concurrence of this House, . tere^tccm-

And then the Messengers withdrew. elusion of

The said Address was twice read, and is as followeth; War. viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, considering the great Expence of Blood and Treasure, that your Majesty, and your Allies, have been at, in prosecuting this long War, for securing the Liberties of Europe, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that, for the preserving the Repose and Quiet of Europe, and preventing the ambitious Designs of France for the future, your Majesty would be pleased to take care, at the Conclusion of the War, to continue and establish a good and firm Friend ship among all tho Allies; and that the French King may be obliged to own your Majesty’s Title, and the Protestant Succession, as it is established by the Laws of Great; and that your

Allies be engaged to become Guarantees of the fame:

And that your Majesty would take effectual Methods that the Pretender shall be removed out of the French Dominions, and not differed to return, to disturb your Majesty, your Heirs or Successors, in the Protestant Line.

Resolved, That the Blank in the Address be filled up, with the Words " and Commons."

An Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Address, by adding, at the End thereof, theft Words,

" and that for the Security of your Majesty’s Domi*

" nions, the Preservation of Trade, and the general " Benefit of the Allies, your Majesty will be graciously " pleased, that Care may be taken, that the Fortifications and Harbour of Dunkirk may be demolished and.

And

" destroyed

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled.

IN Obedience to her Majesty’s Commands, upon the Address of this honourable House, I do humbly certify, that out of the Sum of Fourteen thousand Eight hundred and Nineteen Pounds, Nine Shillings, issued to me, for her Majesty’s secret Services, from Michaelmas, 1707, to Michaelmas, 1708, or out of any such Money, to me issued since that Time, no Payment hath been made to any Member or Members of this honourable House, or to any in Trust for them, unless it be a yearly Sum of Five hundred Pounds to William Cotefvcurth, Esquire, which, by a Writing under her Majesty’s royal Sign manual, bearing Date the 8th Day of July, 1706 (for the Causes and Confederations therein mentioned) is to continue to be paid to him, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, during her Majesty’s Life; which God long preserve!

Ult.Februarii, \r]0\. Wm. Lowndes.

V.

-5

-I

1

n

b

7 Ann.

MdrUi.

131

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, they had made Tome Amendments to the Bill, which they agreed unto by the House, Nemine contradicente. had directed him to report to the House t he read

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Lords the same in his PJace, and afterwards delivered them in

P,) Meur*

in the said Address, so amended.

The laid Add rets, as amended, is as followed),

at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Houte.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in born out of tl)e Legiance of her Majesty, qua-

Parliament assembled, considering the great Expeace of lifying themselves in the Four Courts of or

Blood and Treasure, that your Majesty, and your Allies, Quarter Sessions, as this Act: requires, shall be deemed

have been at, in protecting this long War, for securing natural-born Subjects of that Kingdom,

the Liberties of Europe, do most humbly beseech your And the tame was twice read, , upon the.Question

Majesty, that, for preserving the Repose and Quiet of put thereupon, agreed unto by the Houte, t obe madfc Europe, and preventing the ambitious Detigns of France Part of the Bill.

for the future, your Majesty would be pleated to take Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, care, at the Conclusion of the War, to continue and That all Children of natural-born Subjects, born out of establish a good and firm Friendthip among all the Allies; her Majesty’s Legiance, shall be deemed natural-born and that the French King may be obliged to own your Subjects of this Kingdom.

Majesty’s Title, and the Protestant SuccetSon, as it is And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question

etlablithed by the Laws of Great Britain; and that your put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Allies be engaged to become Guarantees of the fame: Part of the Bill.

And that your Majesty would take effectual Methods, ’ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

that the Pretender shall be removed out of the French Do- ingrossed. minions, and not suffered to return, to disturb your Majesty, your Heirs or Successors, in the Protestant Line: Mr. Secretary Beyle reported to the House, that he Addref*

And that, for the Security of your Majesty’s Domi- had (pursuant to their Order) carried the Address to the tv nions, the Preservation of Trade, and the general Benefit Lords; and left the same with their Lordships. 01 s’

of the Allies, your Majesty will be graciously pleated,

'* ‘ ... Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Money in

Majesty, that the will be pleased to give Directions to which the the proper Officer to lay before this House, an Account, ar* in what Monies the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay, in the p

that Care may be taken, that the Fortifications and Harbour of Dunkirk may be demolished and destroyed.

Orders of the Day.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Boyle do carry the said Address to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House several Parts, where they are employed, are paid, and at. hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment, to which what Rates, reduced to Sterling Money, they desire their Lordship’s Concurrence. Ordered, That the said Address he presented to her Majesty by such Members of tin’s House as are of her A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

That the Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided: The Noes go forth:

_ Tellers for the Yeas

4

The Lord Wm Powlett,

Mr. Phunptrce:

Mr. Fane,

Tellers for (be Noes,{ Mr HampdeH; So it was retolved in the Affirmative.

206.

84.

Duke of

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycott and Mr. Fellowes:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Lords have

this House to the Address. agreed to

And then the Messengers withdrew. Amendments

0 in Address.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Medlicott and Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Queen ap-House, that her Majesty has appointed Tomorrow, at points to be

Newcastle’s vesting in John Duke of Newcastle, and his Heirs, cer- Six a Clock in the Evening at St. James’s, to be attended atUnd,d Eiiate. tain Lands, belonging to the Vicarage of JValeJby, in the with the Address of both Houses; and that, in respect.

County of Nottingham, in lieu of an annual Rent, of Ten to her Majesty’s present Circumstances, their Lordships

Pounds per Annum, payable to the Vicar of the said have ordered the Lord Chancellor only to attend her Vicarage, and his Successors for ever; to which the Majesty, on the Part of their House.

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ceciir* Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Ordered, That the Mr. Speaker only do attend her Eilat*, to enable the honourable Wm.Cecill, Esquire, with others, Majesty at that Time, on the Part of this House, to fell Lands, for the Payment of several Debts, charged

1

Bishop of

Chichester's

Estate,

Foreign Pre-teflants Nat.

upon his Estate by the Right honourable John late Earl of Exeter, deceased, his late Father; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, made Anno primo Anna Regina, intituled, An Act for' giving further Time to John, Lord Bishop of Chichester, and his Successors, to make JLeafes of certain Houses, and Ground, in and near Chancery-lane, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Order, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for naturalizing of foreign Protestants, was committed, being read j

Mr. IV trtleyreported from the said Committee, that

Vo i. 16.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow^ Morning, Nine a Clock.

African

Trad*.

Birmingham

Qmrcb.

Tobacco

Trade,

Woollen Cloth Manufacture.

Francis and Samuel, Ship.

Preventing the Importation of Marble.

Duties on Unrfs Wire.

i$2 3° Martii . 1708.

Jovis, 30 die Martii;

Anno 7* Anna: Regina, 1708.

Praters.

A BILL for the building a Parish Church, and Par-fonage House, and making a new Church-yard, and a new Parish, in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordant, Mr. Archer, Mr. Pagit, Sir John Stonehouse, Sir David Ramsey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Chambers, Mr. Chetwynd, Colonel Farington, Sir Francis

Masham, Mr. Winington, Colonel Stanley, Mr. Mtrvin, Mr. Guydot, Sir Jacob Bankes, Colonel Grabme, Mr.

Windham, Mr. Morifim, Mr. Mr. Topham, Sir

John Whitrong, Mr. Bailie, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Sir Juf. Isham, Sir Robert Dav Sir Mr.

Woollaston; and, all, that serve for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, Stafford, Derby, and Leicester: And

they are to meet at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, Weavers, and other Traders, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in relation to the Bill for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Tobacco, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the City of Norwich, and Parts adjacent, maintain a considerable Trade to Portugal, by exporting of Stuffs, and Corn; which will be obstructed by opening of a Trade to France, by reason an Opportunity will thereby be given of exporting Bullion, and Wool, to the Prejudice of the Kingdom in general; And praying the Premises may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Cloth-dressers, and Drapers, within the Town and Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding in the County of York, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, that most Families in those Parts are supported by the Cloth Trade, and chiefly by making of Cloth, called whole thick Kerseys, and whole thick Plains; and whereas the Traders and Dealers in those Sorts of Cloths have suffered very much, by the over-llretching and straining of those Commodities by the Makers, to the Loss and Disparagement of the said Trade in this Kingdom, and beyond Seas: And praying, a Clause may be inserted in the Bill for the regulating the Length and Breadths of Cloths, to inflict a Penalty on all Makers, who shall drain the said Cloths above half a Yard in Length.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed.

A Petition of James Metcalfe, of London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Ship, called Francis and Samuel, Datoi-built, being every way fit for importing naval Stores for *her Majesty’s. has been, and is now, employed in that Service: And praying, a Bill may be brought in, for the making the said Ship a free Ship.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Mervin, Mr. Topham, and Mr. Swinfin, do prepare and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill to prevent the Importation of any wrought Marble, for Sie, into this Kingdom, for the future, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Nagative.

The House being informed, that a Person attended from the Commissioners of the Customs, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, A Return to an 22

Order, of the Sixteenth of February last, for an Account, what the Duties on Brass Wire, made from English Copper, have amounted to for Ten Years.

And being withdrawn;

The Title of the Account was read; and the said Return is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Commissioners, for managing, and causing to be levied and collected, her Majesty’s Customs, &c.

THERE being directed to me, from your Board, an Order of the honourable House of Commons, bearing Date the 16 Instant, That the Commissioners of the Cut toms do lay before this House, what the Duties on Brass Wire, made from English Copper, do amount to for the last Ten Years; I humbly certify, that Brals Wire, drawn from English Copper, and foreign Copper, manufactured here, and all Sorts of Brass Manufactures, pay a like Duty of Ten Pence perC. Weight; and therefore the Merchants, in their Warrants for Exportation, do not distinguish, which is which, but enter the same under the general Head of Brass Manufactures; so that no separate Account of the Duties arising from Brass Wire, drawn from English Copper, can be given.

Charles Davenant.

Custom-house, London,

Inspector General’s

Office, 25* Februarii,

,7°v-

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Peyton reported from the Committee, to whom it. Expiring was referred to inspect the Laws expired, and near l-awi. expiring, and to report, what are fit to be revived, or continued 5 that they had inspected the Laws accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom) which was to continue for One Year, was, by a Clause in another Act, made in the Ninth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, continued in force until the 25th'

Day of March, 1701; and which Act was further continued by an Act, made in the first Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, till the 25th of March, 1709, and from thence to the End of the First Session of Parliament then next ensuing; is fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, An Act for giving like Remedy upon Promissory Notes, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of inland Bills of Exchange) which was to continue for the Space of Three Years, from the First Day of May, 1705, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, is fit to be made perpetual.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Peyton, Sir Wm. Ashurfi, and Mr. Heysham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Tranter, George Fox, Samuel Mischiefs Stanley, Thomas Maynard, and John Gore, Citizens, of *»y Fire, the Pavith of St. Sepulchres, London, in the Ward of Farringdon Without, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read 1 setting forth, that they are apprehensive of Danger by Fire, that may happen to them, and their Neighbourhood, by reason of a Distilling-house, for Turpentine, Pitch, Tar, and Rosin, near adjoining to them: And praying, a Clause may be

added

:iCi

Ffflfn I JSUlf 1

1

7 Ann. 3 ° Marti' 133

added to the Bill (for their Safety) now depending, for making more effectual an Art, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better preventing of Mif-chiefs, that may happen by Fire.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed} and that they have Power to receive a Clause, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Pacey's Debt A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great to the Crown. Britain to compound with the Sureties of Samvel Paeey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound, with William Mallet, Esquire, as Surety for his Father, while Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, is committed.

Foreign Pro- Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for naturalizing tefUnu Nat. foreign Protellants, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to importing whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Irish Yarn. Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exeter, on the behalf themselves, and many Thousands of the Citizens of the said City, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, and other Petitions, relating to the Importation of Irish Woollen and Worsted Yarn, were referred, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Dalrymple presented to the House, pursuant to Demands on their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose, An Ab- Equivalent, strart of the several Demands upon the Equivalent, of the Payments made by the Commissioners, and the Sums remaining in their Hands, to the 18th Day of February,

1709, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title thereof was read.

The laid Abltrart is in the next preceding Sheet annexed [a],

fa] A Copy of this Abstract is bound up in the Journal immediately before the Leaf, whereon this Entry is mad#; but Ins AbArad here follows in the proper Place.

Vo I. J 6.

' l

LI ABSTRACT

ABSTRACT of the several Demands upon the Equivalent, of the Payments made by the Commissioners, and the Sums remaining in their Hands,

to the 18th Bay of February, 1709, inclusive.

Articles of Union, and Acts of Parliament, directing the Payment.

Per the 15th Article of Union, and Act, containing publick Debts....

Per the 15th Article of Union, and the British A ft, for the disposing of the Equivalent

Per the Act, concerning the publick Debts

Per the Act, concerning the publick Debts

Per the British Act, for discovering the Equivalent Per ditto Act -

Per Act, concerning the publick Debts Per Act, for disposing of the Equivalent

To ditto Act -

Treaty of Union, is £. 398,085. 10$. upon which the several Demands are

The Losses, which private Persons J

sustained, by reducing the Coin VOn milled Money, called down -

of Scotland to the Standard and On foreign and Scotch Money, melted down L Value of the Coin of England. J

""The Capital Stock, Interest, and Debts, of the Indian and Company of

Scotland, including the £. 500 allowed the Directors of the said Company, and £. 150 allowed Mr. Alexander Cunningham - - - ,

The £. a,oooo per Annum, for the Space of Seven Years, to be applied, towards encouraging and promoting the Manufactory of coarse Wool within these L Shires, that produce the Wool ——

(The Allowance for the Charges of the Commissioners, Secretaries, and Ac-7 f comptants, to the last Two Treaties of Union - - - y

(The defraying the necessary Charges of the Commissioners, from the ift of^ £ May, 1707, to the 18th February, 1709 - - - - }

The Fees and Salaries to Officers and Servants, to January, 1709 -

The preferred Debts upon the Civil List j

The Commissioners of Parliament ----- 24,736 12 24

,(The late Bishops of Scotland, for a full Year’s Pension of her")

£ Majesty’s Charity - > -5°°

(The Poor in her Majesty’s Charity Roll, in part of what is") a. a % [ due to them - - - iot

Balance remaining in the Commissioners Hands -

enth Article of the Whereof paid. Balances resting.

£.- r. d. £ s. d. £ d.

3,°2I 15 7* 3,017 18 9 3 16 104

49,883 14 114 49>349 5 539 9

232,884 5 115,560 12 64. 7>323 ,a

14,000 - - - - 14,000

30,500 29,000 1,500

364 10 64. 364 io 64

l>3$5 1 »355

2jfJ)00 11 I-f 27,600 II It

38.470 12. 9 m, " " 38»47° i* 9

398,085 10 — 336>247 18 1 61,837 11 11

00

Edinburgh, the 19th Fre, 1709.

John Symmer, Accomptant.

JVII. Dalrymple, Jo, Pringle,

Paid to the several Branches, as above Balance resting -

Ja. Campbell, Pat. Johnston, J. Haldane, J. Bruce, Mungo

£. s. d.

336,18 I 61,837 11 11

----- £398,085 10 —

Andr. Hume, ....

Ri. Sinclare,

T. Burnett,

John Swinton,

J. Smollett,

3° Martii. A, 1708.

7 Ann.

3° — 4° Martii.

Tobacco

Trade*

Barckley Castle, Arc. Sbij*.

Safferen at Nevis and St. Christo-pfaera.

Coventry

Election,

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the encouraging the Exportation of Tobacco, and other Commodities, and Manufactures, of the Growth and Product of Great Britain, and the Dominions thereunto belonging.

Ordered, That the Bill for making the Ships, the Barckley Castle and James of free Ships, be

read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Tellers for the Yeas, f ArtAur 0weH> I Mr. Ash:

Tellers for the Noesi

I Mr. Lewen:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

v m

*33

}‘37-

}S3.

And then the House adjourned accordingly till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vienerts, 4* die Martii;

Anno 7° Anna; Reginae, 1708.

PR A Y IRS.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- /^OLONEL Stanley reported from the Committee, Mancheft.r night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for building a Church, or Chapel, C^ch and to consider of the Report of the Lord High Treasurer in the Town of Manchester, was committed} that they aPe>

(made upon an Address to her Majesty the Eighteenth had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they Day of March 1706) relating to the Losses of the Peo- had directed him to report to the House: And he read pie of Nevis and Saint Christophers. ’

The House (according to Order) proceeded in the further Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the City of Coventry.

And the Counsel

the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

being called in, Mr. Speaker ac- «rV? quainted them with the last Resolution upon Tuesday tngrott

la ft. A Bill for the Relief of the non-commissioned Officers, Handafyde’*,

Then the Petitioners Counsel objecting against several and Soldiers, of the respective Companies of the Three *« R*g‘-of the Votes for the Sitting Members, in re.'pect of their Regiments of Colonel ‘Thomas Handayfyde Colonel John ment<-having received Thomas lVheatly'% Gift, and other Gifts Livefay, and Lieutenant General Thomas Erie, was read of like Nature, which, they infilled, were such Charities, a Second time.

as disabled them from giving their Votes at the said Elec- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord IVm. tion; several Witnesses were examined, and Counsel on Rowlett, Mr. Farrer, General Erie, Sir Robert Edon, Sir both Sides were heard, in relation thereunto: Roger Bradfhawe, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Top-

And being withdrawn; ham, Mr. Mr. Peyton, Mr. Moore, Mr. Bacon,

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Mr. Neville, Sir David Dalrimple, Sir Cullen, Mr. proposed, That Persons, receiving Thomas JVheatly's Gift, Monson, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Lowther, Mr. are thereby disabled from giving their Votes in electing Duncombe, Sir Gilb. Elliott, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Tates, Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City of Mr. Calthrop, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Foley, Sir John Mor-Coventry', daunt, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Craggs, Mr. White, Mr. Pel-

An Amendment being proposed to be made therein, ham, Mr. Merom, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Majon: And they by leaving out the Word Gift99 *% r'l/v'b + v*»<? a

and instead thereof to

insert "Charity;"

And the Question being put. That the Word " Gift" Rand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for to prelcrve Libraries, that have Parochial or shall be ereCled by charitable Contribution, in small Llbrane‘-

And the main Question being put, That Persons, re- Parishes in England, was read the Third time.

ceiving Thomas (Vheatly's Gift, are thereby disabled from giving their Votes in electing Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then the Counsel were heard, and several Wit-

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 2. L. 4. to leave out, ReClory," and inlert " Library."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

nesses examined, touching other Matters, relating to the An Act for the better Preservation of parochial Libraries

said Election.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir Orland Bridgman, Baronet, is duly eleCled a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for he Yeas, f' jf°

lMr. Bojcawen:

Tellers for the Noes,- |jjf; Jggf;

} >S’-} 47‘

in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Woollen whom the Bill lor the better regulating the Manufacture Cloth of the broad Woollen Cloth, in relation to the Lengths MaDUfactur*-and Breadths, and what may be otherwise advantageous to that Manufacture, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

*4i°»mtrent.

A Petition of the Merchants of the City of African

was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that Trade, is duly - the present Royal African Company have suggested, in a Petition to this House, that the Trade cannot be managed, but by a joint Stock, exclusive of all others; whereby the Petitioners will be excluded; which they A Motion being made, and the Question being put, conceive is directly contrary to the 4th and 21st Articles

a. 1 FT A _1 _ _ 1 *______ C T T A I __________ *1 r 1 m

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That Edward Hopkins, Esquire, elected a Citizen, to lerve in this present Parliament for the said City of Coventry.

That the House do now adjourn; The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Vol. 16.

of Union: And praying, the said Trade may not be confined to a Monopoly, but be open and free to all Subjects of Great Britain.

Ordered,

r

l $6 4 MartiLi *]Oo<

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition of the late forfeited Estate of the said Lord Slant, was

be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who ate to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Wm, Coriton have Leave to go into Absence. the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Wm Williams have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Rofiett’6, Ac. Sir Francis Masham reported from the Committee, to Nat- whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lewis de Rojfett, Peter Brozet, and others, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Cleric’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 34. Leave out and."

L. 35. After " "insert " Jeremiah

" shamer, Son of Henry , by Mary his Wife,

*' born at Danzig-, John Gout, Son of,

" by Mary his Wife, born at Milhau, in France; Cornt- Hus Fan Deuren, Son of Henry Fan , by Anne

" his Wife, born at Roterdam in Holland-, James " Chauvell, Son of DavidChauvel, by his Wife,

" born at Dieppe, in Normandy, in France-, Timothy Lafitte, Son of Peter Lafit by Jane his Wife, born at

Penh, in France-, Anthony Martel/, Son of Peter Martel, by Susanna his Wife, born at Bourdeaux, in; John le Qucfne, Son of Peter le " by Katherine his Wife, born at Roven, in Normandy, in " France; Charles le Blanc, Son of Raoul le Blanc, by Jane " his Wife, born at Loudun, in ;*Bichart,

" Son of Claudius Bichart, by Jane his Wife, born at

" Lafere, in Pickardie, in France-, Lawrence

Son of Lawrence Fiflorin, by Katherine his Wife,

" born at Seara, in Sweden -, John Jacob , Son

" of Rodo/ph Winkler, by Elizabeth his Wife, born at " Meifptachs, in Switzerland; Abraham Berkenhaut, Son " of Paul Berkenhaut, by Elizabeth his Wife, born at " Hamburgh; James D Son of James Debord, by " Judith his Wife, born at Gimozal, in France-, John " Baurain, Son of Francis Baurain, by Mary his Wife,

" born at And inuille, in Picardie; Peter Seicar, Son of " John Seicar, by Elizabeth his Wife, born at MonuoiJin, in Gascogne; Simeon Gri/on, Son of Simon Grilon,

" by Jane his Wife, born at Chafonville, in the Bauce-,

" Isaac Marot, Son of Moses Marot, by Rachel his Wife,

" born at Berreux, in Picardie; Alexander Reinier, Son " of John Reinier, by Jane his Wile, born at Duchalen,

" in Wivaret; John Stguin, Son of Andrew Seguin, by " Mary his Wife, born at Saint Tongue, in Maren;

Noel Tabour, Son of Peter Tabour, by Jane his Wife,

" born at Chalencon in Vivaret

Pr. 3. L. 14. Leave out " and, " and after " Daverton" insert, " Jeremiah Weijhamer, John Gout, Cornelius Fan " Deuren, James Chavel, Timothy Lafitte, Anthony " tel, John le QU(fne, Charles le Blanc,

" rence Bichart, Lawrence Ftflorin, John Jacob Winkler,.

" Abraham Berkenhaut, James , John Baurain,

" Peter Seicar, Simeon Grilon, Isaac Marot, Alexander " Reinier, John Seguin, and Nod Tabour."

L. 38. Leave out " and, " and after " "

insert the same Amendment.

Pr. 4. L. 28. The same Amendment.

Reverting A Petition of the Right honourable Mary Lady Shel-Lord Slant’s born, in behalf of her Son William Comngham, Son and Attainder. |-Jejr of Major General Henry deceased,

Samuel Dopping, Edward Singleton, James Campbell, and John Graham, Esquires, Purchasers of Part of the forfeited Estate of Christopher Fleming, Esquire, commonly called Lord Slant, on behalf of themselves, and other Purchasers 17

resented to the House, and read; letting forth, that Petitioners did, on Credit of several Acts of Parliament, purchase said Lord Slant Estate, who (bands attainted for high Treason, on Account of the late Rebellion in That they are informed, a Bill has passed the House of Lords, for reversing the Attainder: And praying, the same may not pass, to the prejudice of their Title.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Francis Anntfley presented to the House (according Friend* to Ordef) a Bill for making the Ships, called the Friends Goodwill, Goodwill and Experiment (both Da/ri-built) free Ships c" of Great Britain; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Edioard Lawrence reported from the Committee, Offley* to whom the Bill to enable Anne Offley, Widow, and Name*

John Offley, Esquire, her Son, and Heir apparent, to change their Surnames from Offley to Crew, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Enabling enable Guardians of Infants, who are seised of Estates in Infants to Trust, to make Conveyances of such Estates; and that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Top- Teyanc ham, and Mr. Naylor, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Richard How reported from the Committee, to Penne’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for further enabling George Penne, Esquire, to fell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, by enlarging a Trust for that Purpose, contained in a former Act, intituled,.

An Act for enabling George Penne, Esquire, to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given ther Con-fents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Ward presented to the House (according to Order) Restraining a Bill for restraining of Buildings on new Foundations; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Answer t» Address had been presented to her Majesty, That flic Adresse*. would be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account, in what Moneys the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay, in the several Parts where they were employed, are paid, and at what Rates, reduced to Sterling; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, as desired.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that he did Yesterday (according to their Commands) with the Lord Chancellor, attend her Majesty with the Address of both Houses; and that her Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

I am of the same Opinion with my Two Houses of Parliament, in the several Particulars of this Address, as I have also been in all the other, which they have made upon the same Subject.

I assure you, no Care shall be wanting on my Part, to attain the End they have desired.

Resolved,

7-jpbo

isito

7 Ann.

Martii.

137

Thanks on Resolved, That an humble Add rest be p re fen ted to her Quantities of Seizes are made of Irish Worsted Yarn, and Answer. Majesty, returning her the Thanks-of this House or her have as quick Sales, as Serges made oiEnglish Wool.

most gracious Answer to the Addressof both Houses. It further appeared to the Committee, that a Stone

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her of Worsted Yarn can be manufactured in Ireland at half Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her the Price it can be manufactured of English Wool here.

A — 11; There were some other Petitions also referred to the

If.

Baying and fiUingCattle

)&ft »m.

Importing lriih Yarn*

Committee, against laying any Duty on Irish Woollen or Worsted Yarn; and the Committee appointed Days for hearing the Petitioners; but no Person appearing, to prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the Committee came to the Resolution following:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will tend very much to the Support and Maintenance of the poor Workers in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, if a further Duty be laid on all Woollen and Worsted Yarn imported.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for railing

X*

a?(‘

71

it*

1

Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

A Message from, the Lords, by Mr. Medlycott and

Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act

to explain the Act of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in Saithfield, so as to give Leave to Persons, using the Trade of Butchers, to fell Calves* Sheep, and Lambs, dead, to other Butchers, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) took into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the

Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, the Supply granted to her Majesty. and of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Exeter,

on the behalf of themselves, and many Thou lands of the O, That the Report from the Committee of Privilege. Citizens of the said City, and others, employed in the Privileges, to whom the Complaint of a Breach of Privi-Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places lege against George Duckett, Esquire, (a Member of this adjacent, and other Petitions, were referred, in relation House) was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning, to Irish Woollen and Worsted Yarn, imported.

Which Report is as followeth; viz. Ordered, That the Bill for making the Ships, the Barrkley

That by an Account, delivered into the Committee by Barckley Castle and James of Montrose, free Ships, be &c, Mr. Chadwick, Register (at the Custom-house, London) read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning, of all Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported into the several

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fairer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fairer reported from the Committee, that they bad come to several Resolutions, which they had dire (fled him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. also acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Ports of this Kingdom, it appeared, that there had been imported of those Commodities, within Three Years,

Skips.

Way* and Means.

In the Year, end Michaelmas, 1706 In the Year, ending aQ Michaelmas, 1707 In the Year, ending Michaelmas, 1708

Totals - -

-i

at*

Woollen Yam. J Bay Yam.

Stones, lb. Stones, lb.

15,662 4 M 00 C4

18,897 2 3*»233 *5

14,878 9 38,084 —

49»437 *5 104,190 16

By which it appeared to the Committee, that the Importation of Bay Yarn very much increased in the lall

Tw°Ycar5- . nr ,t v . c , House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing

That Bay and Woollen Yarn, imported from Ireland, the Suppl granted to hcr Majesty.

pay the same Duty; and there is no such Denomination

as Worsted Yam, in the Book of Rates; yet, in the Certificates of Entries from Ireland, they are entered under Two Heads j the one, of Woollen Yarn; the other, of Worsted or Bay Yarn.

Mr. Richard Score, Collector of the Customs at Exon, said, he was sent to Bideford, to take care of the Col-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Encouraging ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Coinage. House, upon the Bill for continuing the former Acts for the Encouragement of the Coinage.

Insolvent

Debtor*.

RThat this House will, on Punishing lection there, upon the Deceaso of a former Collector; next (after the said Committee upon the said Bill) re- Mmmyund and, while he was there, the Yarn, which was imported folvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Def#ruon-under the Denomination of Bay Yarn, the Officers found consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and to be Worsted Yarn j and they can easily distinguish the Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and one from the other: The Distinction is, the Woollen Quarters.

Yarn is made of uncombed Wool, the Worsted Yarn of

combed Wool. Ordered, That Mr. Brewer, Mr. Cowper, Sir Cha.

It also appeared to the Committee, that, by reason of Mr. Vane, Sir Wm. Huftler, Mr Mr.

the Importation of such Worsted Yarn from Ireland, many Bur ridge, Mr. Mr. Sir Roger -

Thousandsofpoor Combers, Spinners, and others (usually sir Walter 7oung, Mr. Sir Moor,

employed in the Western Parrs of Great Britamj arere- Sir GMert Elio/> Mr> Oglethorpe, Colonel Lloyd, Mr. duted to great NeceflBties, for want of Work; inso much ——

that several Mailers do not now employ above a Third Part of the Numbers they formerly employed.

That the Irish Bay or Worsted Yarn, imported, is as good, as that made in England, and can be bought at Bideford fox ijd. a Pound; and at Exon, brought from

Bidejord by Land Carriage, at 14 d.a Pound; and Englishi Worsted Yarn, of the like Goodnels, cannot be afforded under £.20 [a] per Pound; and that

[a] Sic On*. <c

Vol, 16.

great

7 'redenham, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Mcdlicot, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Norris, Mr. Nevi/l,

Sir Tho. Palmer, Sir Steph. Leonard, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Samuel Macklellan, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Prayd, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Eale of insolvent Debtors, is committed.

M m

Leominster

Election,

Importing Irish Yam.

Dittol

Ditto*

ip 5° Mam. A. i J68.

StlMi; S’ m Mar ti!;

A&nti f /ftitaf Rfegllte,’ 1701ft

PftAV B i.S.

X)R D 8k E I); That Ftnie bJBoftel-JffleQXhK;' have'

Le£W to Withdraw Hfe Peatidri, toadying the Election (or-fKlf BQfbugh <sf Ltd in the County of

Hireford.;

- A Pffltftn <5? tfe Geritlfeften16f the Coifht^ of- S^iher-ffiyM irefehTSfrish’ th^Mbiife,' inch read f ffet trngifortfi^ tBff they heSft fb&re-ii'a Bill frepfebdingro prohibit the Itfijjyi-tatibrt'bf/»F^'YSftt into this Kirfgdorri Which, they conceive, will be p^iidtciail/ beCadfe; they believe^ if a/U ttSwpOl df Irllckd (hOlfW bC imported iriio iltise'King-ddtri uHWroiigllt, there are riot Hands enirugh to spin it I And prying the Confidferation of thfe House therein: Ordered, That the Cohfidiration of the said Fetitibh bfe referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report frdtrf the Ccrmffliftefe, to Whom thfe Pfetiflon of ilie Mavof,' Aldfefrfifeh, stfid Coihhton Oouhcil, Arid of tie Merchants A nd TrhJders} of the City ©T Exeter, od the LBehalf of themselves, and littfAy ThootaWds of tHd Citizens of the said City, and others, employed in the Whollfh Manufactures within the (Aid City, dud PiSfces Adjacfefrt; is referred,

A Petition^Of thfe Clothiers: Stuff-(hikers; Dyers,-Weavers, Tuckers, and several others, employed in the Woollen Manufacture Within thefevetal Market Towns 6f Bradford, Troubridge, Chippenham, Coffdm, Chjltecbmb, and several other Towhs and Pdrithes, within the County of Wilts, in behalf of themselves, And rriany Thoufiuid others, concerned in the same MamitdCthfes, was prele'rited fd the Hohfe, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have for many Years last palt been employed in the Wotfllfed Mstnafa&ute, by which they have iiiintdifted themselves, arid Fh'rrii lies; and are mformfed, there is a Defigri to obtain an Act of Parliament, either to prohibit, or lay a further Duty, on Yarn coming from Ireland-,which Will discourage the Importation, and render the Petitioners unable to carry on their Trade, for Want of Spinners, t6 fpift our Wool, and the Wdol, that will be imported un Wrought: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That thfe Con side rat ion of the said Petition be inferred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom she Report from thfe Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of on

the behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Citizen's of the said City, arid others, employed in thfe Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Yam-makers, Wool-(taplers, Serge-makers, Combers, Weavers, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures in and riekr the Borough of Devizes, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that great Quantities of Worsted Yarn, both dyed and white, and also of Bay and Woollen Yam, the Work-manship whereof, if wrought up here, would come to near Nine Pounds per Pack, one with another, are frequently imported from Ireland ro the Western Parts iff Great Britain, and afterwards carried to many hundred

other Places; Which beingthade of rough Wool, twenty per dint, cheaper in Ireland, thin here, they Cannot fell those Sort of Goodi, without great Loss; which is a Hifcouragemerit to Trade, and the impoverrthing of those who depend on them: And praying, some speedy

Remedy maybe applied.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exeter, on the behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the

Citizen* of the (aid’ City, And othefs; employed' in the WOoifeir M4fu(a<ftutes Withiri the said City,-and Filch# adjacerit;<i§ referred.

..A Petition of the1 Governors of the Butch Bay Hall hi Tobacc*

Colchester, and of the Bay-spakeW,: Say-makers PeVpfet»K Trade-

ana-ipakers, and the Makers of the other Woollen Manufactures'ih Ind neaf th^ fardTcWn,' in' behalr of themselves, and many Thousand others, concernedin the said Manufactures, was presented to the ffoufe, and read j setting' fefttibi, tbi'i! tindemiridib^, d noW' paffrhg,

febdi'ng^Q'giVe Liberty1 tb infftort Fred^h Wines, iri re-'

(tirri bthfer Cdninribcli tres, beg Lel^fetd

lay bifprfe the Hquf^, that gi^abQtlarititrfes of WiweS have of lasse Years befen iMpoTOd'rtoni Portugal, Spnift, and It'dis, Which hath Cntourag’fed theni to take off great? Quantities of our Wdblfeii Matkrfactures; but, if a free ItripOrtSiion of French Wfries be granted, 1 Prohibition . wiJ( probfafcly, en(ue; to the Diminuuon of the Exportation of the WooRen Mtmu&ftureS of this Kingdom: And pr^iri^, the fakl Bill njaynot pass.

Oiderbdy That the Go.risideration of the said Petition be’ referred to the Committee of the Whole. House,- tt>. whotfil the said Bill is committed-.

An ingtoffed Bill for veiling id Tru(lees the Fourth. Bradshaigh’j Part of a Fourtfi Part of the Estate in the Counties of Estate. Essex, Suffolk, Ghvceffer, Kent, Surrey, Hertford, and City of London, late the Estate of the Counsels of,

(o be fold, and with the Moneys, arising the reby, to pay Sir Roger Brad/hdigh's Sider's Portion of Two thoir-sand Pound, and to his Mother Three hundred Pound, and the Debts of his Father, and his Brother’s Portion, charged upon his Lancashire Estate, so that the same may be disincumbered thereof, And with the Remainder of the Money, arifinlg by such Sale, to purchase other Lands in the County cjf Lancaster, to be settled to the same Uses, as thfe Lancashire Estates are by his Marriage Settlement, was read the Third.Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for Vesting in Trustees the Fourth Part of a Fourth Part of the Estate of the late Countess of Oxford, now the Estate of Sir Roger Bradshaigh Baronet, to be (bid, to pay Portions and Debts, and with the Remainder of the Money, arising by such Sale, to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as his paternal Estate is by his Marriage Settlement.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of John Villiers, claiming the Title of Earl Earl of

of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Clanricard’s setting forth, that the House having been pleased to give Estate' Leave to the Lord Bophin, now Earl of Clanricard, to bring in a Bill, that, upon Payment of the Residue of-a Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds to the Publick, an Estate in Ireland should be re-invested in him, which, if passed into an Act, will prejudice the Petitioner’s Right: And praying, a Clause may be inserted, for saving the Petitioner’s Right.

Ordered, Ifhat the said Petition do lie upon the iTable, fill the said Bill be read a Second time.

The Bill Was read a Secorid time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ward,

Sir D. Ddlryfnple, Mr. Dolben, Sir Charles 'Turner, Mr.

Peyton, Lord Wm. Pawlett, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Gty~ bon. Sir Robert Edon, Lord Windsor, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Ogle, Mr. Bdilie, Mr. Pulttiey, Sir. Fran, folajhatto, Mr.

Budge, Mr. Paget, Mr. Onflowe, Mr. Difion, Mr. Richmond, Sir If. Bebowe, Mr. Chace, Mr. Moore, Sir 7bo.

Manfell, Mr. Brbm/ey, Lord Hamilton, Mr. Wortliy, Sit Gilb. Dolben, Sir Jeff Jeffreys, Mr. Windsor, Mr. White,

Mr. Page, Mr. Neville, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Meiiycott,

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Pitt: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That such Petitions, as have been preferifed to the House, relating to the said Bill, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered,

Dt

ft

h'r.

V‘

1

j‘

1

7 Awn.

5° Mortti.

X

Tokn

Tot

Dutroo Ordered, That the Petition of sundry Merchants, certainLandl, belonging; ta the Vicawgpof Copper. BfttZiers, and others, concerned in makings and manu- the County of Nottingham, in- lieu of an annual Bent, of) fafruringBri/i/h' Ccfpper, in behalf of themfeltes,. and Ten Pounds per Annum, paj»blo to the Vicar of the said mttny others (presented to the Hoofer ebrScVontH Day of Vicarage, and-his Successorsfbr over, was read the Firflt Fe^aaf^daft) and also att'Actount from tire Commissiaiwrsi time.

of the Customs, /Hewing the Quantities, sworn Value*, That the Bid be road a Second time,

and'Subsidy Duty, of Fitft Pounds pen Can. ad Palermo,

upon EngliJH unwroeght' Copper, exported between the1 Mr. (according to Order) reported, from the- Way*

Twenfy^ninth ©ay of September, 1-6577; and the Twenty- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, and Mean*, fifth of December, rjaj (prel<wted: to the House the further toGonfider of Ways and Means fiat taifiag, the Twelfth of February} be referred to the Consideration of Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they bad the Committee of the whole ffouie, who are to consider directed him to report to the House; which he read in, of Ways and Means for raising- the Supply granted to his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; her Majesty. where the same were once road, and are as follow;

Ordered, That the Return from the Commissionera of viz. the Customs, the Thirtf Day of March last; pursuant to «. That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

an Order, of the Sixteenth of Februarylaft, for an Account, That, in further Part of the yearly Fund, to be settled what the Duties on Brafa Wire, mode from Engti/k pursuant to the Proposition of the Governor and Com*

Copper, have amounted to for Ten Yean, be referred 10 pony of the Bank of , for raising Part of thq

the Consideration of the said Committee. Supply granted to her Majesty, for the Service of the

Year 1709, the Duties on Codec, Chocolate, Tea,

Powlett's A Petition of the Highr honourable the Lord William Spices, and Pictures, and the Fifteen per Cent, on MuL Estate. Pomiet, William P&tolett, his deleft Son and Heir ap- lins, which were continued, and the new additional Duties parent, and Charier Armont Powlett, his Second Son, on Coffee, Tea, Spices, Pictures, Drugs, China Wares, infants, under the Age of Obe-ofld-twenty Yean, by the and CalJicoes, which were granted (amongst other things)

Ibid.Lord William, their Father, and next Friend, was by the Act of the Third Year of her Majesty’s Reign presented to the House, and read: fetring forth, that the (intituled, An Act for continuing Duties on low Wines; late Duke of Boken, deceased, the Petitioner’s Father, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, did, upon his Marriage with the Lady Lovefe Armelius de and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and Caartiont de la Forte, settle (among others) divers upon Muff ins, and for granting new Duties upon several Manors, Messuages, and Lands, in the County of Lin- the said Commodities, and also upon CalJicoes, Chinn coin, formerly purchased by the said Duke of Sir Wm. Wares, and Drugs) until the 14th Day of June, 1710,

ray, Baronet, to the Use of the Petitioner, for Life, and which, by an Act of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Remainder to the First, Second, and every other Son of Reign, were continued, from the 23d Day of June, the said Marriage, with divers Remainders over: That 1710, for the Term of Four Years from thence next John Lauze, Esquire, did, in 1681, antecedent to the ensuing, shall be further continued, from the Expiration I’urchafe, obtain a Judgment against the said Si t William of the said Term of Four Years, and be payable to her Wray for £. 3,000, and afterwards got a Decree in Chan- Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for ever, eery, for redeeming the Premises, upon Payment of what 2. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

(upon Account taken) should be found due to the said That, immediately from and after the Time, that the Duke upon the Mortgages, which had been assigned to Sum, now remaining unsatisfied of the Loans, not exceed-hitn; and shortly after the Duke died, and his Executors ingj£. 700,000 secured by the said Acts, of the Third were ordered by the Court of Chancery to deliver Pof- and Sixth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, upon the said fession of the Premises: That the Principal, Interest, and Duties on Coffee, and other Commodities, therein re-Colls, decreed, due to said Lauze, amounts to £.5,000 spectively mentioned, and the interest thereof, shall be and upwards: And praying, Leave may be given to bring fully paid off, and discharged, or that sufficient Money in a Bill to rest Part of the Estate in Trustees, to be shall he referred in the Exchequer for that Purpose, all fold, to raise Money to clear the said Incumbrance, fallen the Moneys, which shall or may from thencefqrth arise upon the Premises. by the Duties of Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Pictures, Mullins, Drugs, China Wares, and Callups, according to the Prayer of the Petition; and that Mr. thereby continued, or granted, until the 24th Day of Cmpton, Sir John Holland, and Sir William St. Quintm, do June, 1714, shall be subjected, and made liable, towards prepare, and bring in, the Bill. . making good the said yearly Fund, to be settled, as

aforesaid.

Privilege. A Petition of BenediEl Brown, Gentleman, was pre- 3. That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

6 fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that he if That immediately from and after the Time, that the very much forprized, to find a Complaint made against Sum, now remaining unsatisfied of the Loans, not explain, which he did not know, till he was upon the Road cceding £. 636,957. 4J. o{d. secured by several Acts, for London-, and has no Opportunity, between that, and of the 3d and 6th Years of her Majesty’s Reign, upon Hie hearing the Complaint at the Committee, to have the Two-thirds of the Subsidies therein mentioned, and Recourse to his Papers, or bring up Evidence, to justify the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid off, and discharged, his Innocence: And praying, if the Matter of Complaint or that sufficient Money shall be reserved in the Exche-be still infilled-on, he may have an Opportunity of lay- quer for that Purpose, all the Monies, which shall or ing befote the Committee the Evidence, he could not be may from thenceforth arise by the said Two-thirds of the prepared with at the former Hearing. said Subsidies, until the 7th Day of , 171.1, shall

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until also be subjected, and nude liable, towards making good the Report be fnade from the Committee of Privileges, the said yearly Fund, to be settled, as aforesaid. toUching the said "Complaint. 4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty,

Refohed, That this House will not, this Session, hear the Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, any more Causes, touching Elections, except the Election which were first granted to King James the Second, in for the Borough of Midhetjl, in the County Of Sujffex, the First Year of his Reign, and the Impositions upon Which is ordered to be heard upon Tuesday Morning East India Goods, and other Goods, charged therewith, next. which were first granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in the Second Year of their.

Reign, and the additional Impositions upon severalGoods and Merchandizes, which were at first granted to King Vol. ffi. William

Controverted

Elections.

Duke of

Newcastle’*

Dilate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Duke of and his Heirs,

146 5° Martii1708.

William and Queen Mary, in the Fourth Year of their Reign, and the several Duties on Whale-fins imported, which were granted to King in the 9th Year

of his Reign (all which Duties have Continuance, by several subsequent Atts, until the first Day of 1714) shall be farther continued to her Majesty, her Heirs, and Successors, from the last Day of July, 17x4, to the First Day of August, 1716, and no longer.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the Time, that all the Principal and Interest, which by former Acts of Parliament are charged upon the said Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, and East India Goods, and upon the said additional Impositions, and upon the said Duties upon Whale-fins, or upon them, or any of them, jointly with other Duties, shall be paid off, and satisfied, or that sufficient Money shall be reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose, all the Monies, which shall from thenceforth arise by the said Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, and East India Goods, and by the said additional Impositions, and Duties upon Whale-fins, shall be appropriated towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Tobacco, to be used or consumed on board any of her Majesty’s Ships of War, in any Part of Europe, be stamped.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon the said Stamps.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be One Penny for every Stamp, to be affixed to every Four Pound Weight of such Tobacco; the same to be paid by the Manufacturer thereof.

The First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth, Resolutions, hieing severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The sixth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inferring, after "Europe? these Words, "which shall " be sold by the Commander, or Purser."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That all Tobacco, to be used or consumed on board any of her Majesty’s Ships of War, in any Part of Europe, which shall be sold by the Commander, or Purser, be stamped.

The Seventh and Eighth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Orders of the Day were read.

Woollen . And a Motion being made, and the Question being Cloth Manu- put, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the fefturr. Bill for the better regulating the Manufacture of the broad Woollen Cloth, in relation to the Lengths and Breadths, and what may be otherwise advantageous to that Manufacture, is committed, be now received;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Privilege Mr. Compton reported from the Committee of Privileges, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against George Duckett, Esquire, a Member of this House; that they had examined the same accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table;

.....were read.

The Report, and Resolutions, areas follow; viz. That the Counsel for Mr. Duckett infilled that Mr.

BenediB Browne had caused a Declaration in Ejectment to be delivered to one Henry who lived in a Cottage, built on the Wade of Mr. Ducket'% Manor of Caine, and wras Mr. Duckett'% Tenant.

That the Evidence on behalf of Mr. Ducket, was,

John Bohen-, who said he knew s Tene-

ment, which was built by Jof Hele, about 40 Years ago; and the Ground was granted to the said Hele, by Mr. Duckett's Grandfather, at the Request of the Parish: He said, the said Cottage, or Tenement, was not worth above vos. a Year, and was a Milevoff of Caine, and near the Highway; and that the Manor of Studley comes up to the said Highway, but the Tythingham of Studley is sworn. at Caine Court; and one Burges, that lives in the next Tenement to Bevin, and on the same Wide, did Suit and Service at Caine Court, which is Mr. Duckett's.

Then Mr. Duckett's Counsel produced a Paper, importing a Certificate of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers, and others, of the Borough and Pariflx of Cain, of the Poverty of Joseph Hele; and praying, Mr. Ducket do grant him a Plat of Ground in same Part of his Lordship, to set up a Place of Harbour for himself, and his Wife, that he might work, and not be a Burthen to the Parish.

This Paper is subscribed Will. Ducket; and also by the said Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers, and others; and Mr. Blaake said, he believed it was old Mr. Ducket's Hand.

Mr. Henry Blaake, being further examined, said, that at the last Quarter Sessions Bevin and Burges appeared to an Indictmentupon the Statute against erectingCottages; and Mr. Brown a(ked Bevin, upon whose Land his Tenement waserested: To which Bevin anfivered, that it was always held to be Mr. Duckett's Land, and he owned Mr. Ducket for his Landlord; To which Mr. Brown replied, that he would make him know, that he would have it, in spite of him, and Mr. Ducket too. Mr. Blaake said, that the Land, on which s Cottage Hood, was always reputed Parcel of the Manor of Cahte, though, he believed, Mr. Brown's Land came very near it, and was divided only by a Ditch.

That, on the Part of Mr. Browne, same Court Rolls of the Manor of Studley were offered as Evidence; but the Committee did not think fit to read them, because the Question depended on the Possession, and not the Title.

Then, to prove Mr. Ducket out of Possession, Mr. Brown's Counsel produced a Copy of an Issue in the Common Pleas, in an Ejectment, joined Trin. 6° Anna Regina, brought for this Tenement, which is upon the Demise of George Duckett, Esquire; and Sir Geo. Hunger-ford, and Mr. Brown are the Defendants: And the Witness said. That Issue remained undetermined.

That, by way of Reply, Mr. Ducket's Counsel produced the Copy of the Declaration, for delivering which the Complaint was made, which Declaration is of Michaelmas Term last, and is mentioned to be of the Demise of BenediB Browne, Esquire: And Mr. Duckett's Counsel infilled, that, if the Ejectment, brought- by Mr. Duckett, was an Argument, that Mr. Ducket was then out of Possession, the Ejectment, brought by Mr. Browne and mentioned in the Complaint, was an Argument, that Mr. Brown was out of Possession at that Time.

And there being no Evidence, that Sir Geo. Hungerford was concerned in delivering the Declaration of Eje&ment;

The Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir George Hungerford is not guilty of a Breach of Privilege.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. BenediB Brown, in causing a Declaration in Ejectment to be delivered to Henry Bevin, a Tenant of George Duckett, Esquire (a Member of the House') during the Time of Privilege of Parliament, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of the House.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report be re-committed;

£4 The

lur'illev jit, A

YM

f.iitii it

A'U;

U

i Ann.

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

iclkrs for the Yeas,|J£:

Td'ers for the No«j

7° Martii.

102.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved ', That this House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Mr. Benedict in causing a Declaration in Ejectment to be delivered to Henry Btvin, a Tenant of George Duckett, Esquire (a

141

Citizens, till Lodes, Decay in Trade, Age, and long Confinement, made them incapable to satisfy their Creditors, or support themselves: And praying, some Method may be had for their future Ease, or their Enlargement.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of many hundred dillrcffed Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other poor Prisoners, in her Majesty’s Prison of Queen's Bench,

Debtors

Petition

Barrkley I C*ftle, die. Ships.

1

Designed 1 lovanon of Scotland.

Member of the House )during the Time of Privilege was presented to the House, and read; Petting forth, that of Parliament, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of the Petitionerscndeavouring to maintain themselves, and the House. Families, by Trade and Merchandize, have, by Eoffes

Ordered, That the said Mr. BenediB Brown be, for the at Sea, and the great Detriment to Trade in general said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the (occasioned by ajult and necessary War) and other Acci-Serjeant at Arms now attending this House. dents, fallen into extreme Poverty and Misery, and made

_ . , . , incapable of paying their Debts, supporting their Fami-

Ordered, That the Bill for making the Ships, the jjeS> or f^rving the Publick: And whereas a considerable B<irck/<y Cajfie and James of Mont rose, free Ships, be dumber ol Men may be raised, for the Service of the War, read a Second Time upon Monday Alorning next. who are wj||ing to tjeiiVcr up all to their Creditors, and

Ordered, That the Papers which have been laid before the distressed Petitioners thereby relieved: And praying this House, relating to the designed Invasion of Scotland, the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein, and the Proceedings thereupon, and against the Lord That the Consideration of the said Petition

Griffin, and others, taken in Rebellion, and relating to the be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is

committed.

A Petition of Twenty poor Prisoners for Debt and Damages, in her Majesty’s Gaol for the County of . , . 1T r. Hertford, as well in behalf of themselves, as of divers

And then the House adjourned till Monday olhers in Custody in the said, and other Gaols of

Persons taken up on Suspicion, and also to the Garrisons in Scotland, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ditto.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 7° die Martii;

Anno 7® Ann* Reginar, 1708. P It A T E K S.

JtotTrt’s, &c. Mat.

Britain, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that not only the Petitioners, but also many thousand others (whom Misfortunes have rendered altogether infdvent) are now detained in the said Gaols, to the Relief of whom the late many gracious Acts for discharging poor Prisoners for Debt, in no wile extended; and whilst they are in this great Diflrcfs, they are rendered unserviceable to others: And praying, their de-

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act plorableCale tnay be taken into Consideration, and Relief for naturalizing Lewis de Rojfett, Peter Brozet granted them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said

Petition

be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Portreeve, and other Inhabitants, imp0rfir^ within the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of frith Vara. Cornwall, on behalf of themselves, and others of the said

btifirhiefs by fire.

and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Majbamdo carry' the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Committor,- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Town, employed in the Woollen Manufactory, as also of «rs of hewers giving to the Commissioners of Sewers, for the City of c"vers Gentlemen, Farmers, and others, living in, or in w Uodon- London, the same Powers, as the Commissioners of Sewers Placfs adjacent to the said Town of St. Germans, was for Counties have; and also for preventing Annoyances . to the House, and read; femng forth, that

to the Common-llioars, and to the River of Thames; Maintenance and Support of poor People within that and for obliging Collectors for the Sewers to account; an<^ Places adjacent, depend upon the Woollen

and that Sir William Wythers, Mr. Medlycott, and Mr. Manufactory: That of late Years great Quantities of Barker, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. Worsted, wrought and (pun in Ireland, have been exported from thence, ar,d brought into Cornwall, in such A Petition of John, Henry, and MatthezvTombes Quantities, that the poor Wool Combers, Spinners, and Executors of Daniel Tombes, late Citizen, and Painter- others, employed in the Woollen Manufacture, are, with Rainer, of the City of London, was presented to the their Families, become a Burthen and Charge to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are Parishes, wherein they dwell: That I>ish Worsted, so likely to be prejudiced, in their Trade and Properties, by a imported, can be rendered more than Thirty Pounds per C’lause, offered to the Committee of the Bill for making cheaper than the same can be made in England, and

more effectual an Act, in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Bay and Woollen Yarn, and combed Wool, in Propor-Reign (for the better preventing of Mischief, that may tion; lo that the whole Woollen Manufactories will be happen by Fire) pursuant to an Order of this honourable transiated into Ireland, as to the Working Part, Weaving House, made upon the Petition of Thomas Tranter, and only excepted: And praying Relief in the Premises. others: And praying, to be heard by their Counfef, Or^/c-m/, That the Consideration of the said Petition be before the Committee, against the said Clause. referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition sideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of be beard by their Counsel thereupon, if they think fit. the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exeter, on the

behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Citizens Debtor* A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in her Ma- of the said City, and others, employed in the Woollep Petition, jesty’s Gaol upon Owfe Bridge, in the City of York, Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that and other Petitions, relating to the Importation of Wool-they are numerous, and many of them formerly eminent Jen and Worsted Yarn from Ireland, is referred.

Vol. 16. N n An

Wjmondharo

Road$«

142 7* Marl'd. ’ 1708.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk, over the Commons belonging to the said Towns, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William (intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk) and for including therein the Road, leading from Wymondham to Hetkerfet, over the Commons belonging to the said Towns.

Ordered, That Mr. Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Privileges of A Bill for preserving the Privileges of Ambassadors* Ambadador*. and other Ministers of foreign Princes and States, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the - Bill be committed to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Boyle, the Lord Coningsby, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Gilbert Heath cot, Mr. Compton, Mr. Morifon, Sir David Dalrymple, Mr. Potlltney, Mr. Hamden, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Barker, the Lord Wm, Pozvlet, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Gale, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Thomas Parker, Sir Wm. Ashhurst, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Gotl, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Montgomery, Mr.

Mr. Peyton, Mr. Baton, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Rowny, Mr. Mr. Chambers, Mr.

Wortley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Vernon junior, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Top ham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Estate, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Site, capital Messuage, or Farm, of the Manor of South Stoke, and Lands thereunto belonging, in the County of Somerset, late the Estate of John Gay, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the v speedier Payment of his Debts, and better Performance of the Trusts therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran. Maffam, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Renda, Mr. Cecil/, Mr. White, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Neville, Colonel Stanley, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Proby, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Richard Farrington, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Edon, Sir Lambert , Blackwell, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Bertie, Sir Richard Allen, Mr. Blathwaite, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chambers; and ail for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Woollen Sir William Strickland (according to Order) reported

Cloth from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better

Manufacture, regulating the Manufacture of the broad Woollen Cloth, in relation to the Lengths and Breadths, and what may be otherwise advantageous to that Manufacture, was committed; that they bad made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and aftewards idelivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout; and the First Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee; and that all the Merchants be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, bjtto. , a Petition of the Clothiers, Cloth Dressers, and Drapers, within the Town and Parish of Hundersfeild, and 'Places adjacent, in the West Riding of the County of York (for the said Bill) was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that most of the Families in these

Parts are supported by the Cloth Trade, and chiefly by making of whole thick Kerseys, and whole thick Plains;

and the.....those Sorts of Cloths have suffered very

much, by the overstretching and straining of those Commodities by the Makers, to the great Lois and Dilparagement of the said Trade, at home and abroad:

And praying, a Clause may be infeYted in the Bill, now ! depending, for regulating the Lengths and Breadths of

Cloths, to inflict a Penalty.....of whole Kerseys

and thick Plains, who shall strain such Cloths above half a Yard in Length, in a Piece not above twenty Yards long.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and they are to examine the Allegations thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and they are to examine the Allegations thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Marquis of Lindsey, Lord Great Marqiii* of Chamberlain of England, was presented to the House, Jandfey’s and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner’s Grandfather, state‘ Mountagu, Earl of Lindsey, and his Ancestors, enjoyed, for 500 Years, the Custody of the House and Park of Havering, in Essex: That King Jam the First demised the said Park to Trustees, for Ninety-nine Years, in Trull for the then Prince of Wales, which was assigned to Trustees, in Trust for the late Queen Mother, in Part of her Jointure, and afterwards to the late Queen Dowager in Part of her Jointure: That in the troublesome Times, the Park was divided into four Parts, and converted into Farms; and; after the Restorat ion, the House, and one-fourth Part, were let out by the Queen Mother’s Trustees to the said Mountagu Earl of Lindsey, and his Heirs, in Recompence of his Interest therein: That the Crown is restrained from granting the Fee-simple thereof: And praying. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming to the Petitioner, and his Heirs, the said House, and inclosed fourth Part of the said Park.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and (hat Mr. Bertie, Sir Fran. Ma/ham, the Lord William Lord Willoughby, Sir Thomas Parker, and Colonel Whitcbcot, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Medlycott presented to the House, a Bill to enable Dickens'

John Dickens, of Leaton, in the County of Stafford,

Esquire, to charge the Manor of Preene, in the County of Salop, with £.4,000 (reserving to Mary, his Wife, a Rent Charge of£. 150 per Annum, for her Jointure) in -

lieu of the Power of leafing the fame, for purchasing in the said Leases, and for discharging of a Mortgage on his Staffordshire Estate, and other Debts and Incumbrances upon the said Manor, and Lands, of Preene, and to enable Trustees to ascertain the Value of an Estate, to be settled, on his Difoofal of the said Manor (with the Consent of the Trustees) pursuant to his Marriage Settlement; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read on Wednesday Morning next.

Sir Jeffery Jeffreys reported from the Committee, to Army

whom the Petition of the non-commissioned Officers of Debts.

Sir Henry Bellafts, Colonel Brewer's, and Lieutenant General Erie, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Petition of the four independent Companies at New York, in America; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That

'iXCt

!:-:£KF

rfi’uii,

-is.

1

1

- j

7 Ann.

8° Mar

H3

and leave

That it appeared to the Committee, by a Certificate Then the Amendments following were severally pro-under the Hands of the late Commissioners for Rating the poled to be made to the Bill;

Accounts of the Army, and from the Earl of Rantlagb'%

Office, that the Allegations, contained in the said Petition, are true, and there remains due to the Petitioners the several Sums following 1 viz.

£. s.' d.

To the Company of Lord SeKrwoar - 155 13 if

Colonel lugoldfby - 204 8 21

Captain Weems - 209 7 6f

- To Captain Nanfan200 4 $1

Amounting in the Whole to - 769 13

4

Hfl*

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers, of the respective Companies of the Three Regiments of Colonel 7homos Honda-

syde, Colonel John Live say, and Lieutenant General Thomas Title be. An Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants.

Pr. 1. L. # To insert "or in any of them*’ out or," and after " Court" to insert " or."

Pr. 2. L. # To leave out " being of the Age of " Eighteen Years, or above."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

he Lord,

Strickland

Tellers for the Noe TbJm°i Hanmcr'

IM r. Amefiey

So it was resolved in the Affirmative; and

Tellers for the Yeas

me

’(Mr.

] 77-that the

Whitaker’* Account with the Public.

Erie, is committed; and that it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the Petitioners Relief, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Mr. Denton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Whitalate Solicitor to the Admiralty and Navy, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Wort ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, anJ desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved \That this House will, upon Wednesday next, African at Twelve a Clock, reloJve itlcit into a Committee of the Trader whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

The House (according to Order) resolved itfelfintoa Ways Committee of the whole House, to consider further of and Means.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide- Ways and Means for effing the Supply granted to her

Mallett* Debt to the Crown.

ration upon 7 hnrfJay Morning next

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great , or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with William Mallet Esquire, as Surety for his Father, while Receiver General for the County and City of Brifol.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the said Committee, that they had made lbme Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill.

Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

House, an Account of what is due from Baldwin , Esquire, late Receiver General for the County of and City of Brifol, and who were his Sureties; with an Account of their Circumstances, and all other Matters, relating to the said Debt.

ftee/* Debt Ordered, That the Agents for Taxes do lay before this

the Crown. House, an Account of what is due from Samuel Paceyt deceased, late Receiver General for the County of , and who were his Sureties; with an Account of their Circumstances, and all other Matters, relating to the said Debt.

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart and Commercial Ordered, That the Agents for Taxes do lay before this William , Merchants, be taken into Considera- htercourf*

— r- - . r j »* ' w ‘ tion upon this Day Seven-night. Scotland.

Ordere That the Bill for making the Ships, the Barckley Castle, and James of Montrofje, free Ships, be

read a Second time on Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

foreign Pro-Nat.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, that no Person, to be naturalized, should be thereby made capable to cleft, or be elected, a Member of Parliament.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellm for the Y. ]

Teller, for the No}

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 16,

67. 168.

Mart is, 8° Mart it;

Anno 8° Ann* Regin*, 1708. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Burgesses, Yarn-makers, Serge-makers, Combers, Weavers, and Others, employed in the Woollen Manufactory within the Borough of Wootten Basset, in the County of Wilts, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that great Quantities of Worsted Yarn both dyed and white, and also of Bay and Woollen Yarn (the Workmanship whereof, if wrought up here, would come to £.9 per Pack) are frequently imported from Ireland to the Western Parts of Great Britain, and afterwards, carried to other Places in Great Britain j which being wrought out of rough Wool, £. 20 per Cent, cheaper in Ireland, than here, they cannot make, or fell, those

Goods,

Importing Irish Yarn,

Alifchiefs by Fire,

Lary’q

Elhte,

Friends Goodwill, Ac. Ships,

TVishop of

C'-hjchiTteri

Mate.

f\rilKs Kftme.

.144 8° Mar tit. 1708.

Goods, without very great Loss; whereby they, and them Mr. Fairer reported from the Committee of the whole Ways they employ, are discouraged: And praying, feme Re- House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and and medy may be applied towards their Relief. Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom House; which heread in his Place, and afterwards deliver-it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means ed in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, to whom are as follow';

the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of That, for making good the Allowance of £. 3 per Cent. the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exeter, on per Annum, for Circulation of the Exchequer Bills, to be the behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the circulated by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Citizens of the said City, and others, employed in the England, from the Time the said Exchequer Bills, shall be-Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places gin to be issued, and the Interest of Two-pence per diem adjacent, and other Petitions, relating to the Importa- for every One hundred Pounds, to be borne upon the said lion of Woollen and Worded Yarn from Ireland, was Bills, until the Funds, which are to be made liable to the referred. said Allowances for Interest and Circulation, shall take

effect, and be sufficient for that Purpose, a Power and Ordered \That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Direction be given, for issuing like Exchequer Bills, quar-making more effectual an Act made in the Sixth Year of terly, for so much, as the said Allowances for Interest and her Majesty’s Reign, for the better preventing of Mif- Circulation shall amount unto; and that the said quarterly chiefs, that may happen by Fire, is committed, have Bills have also the like Allowances, as to Interest and Cir-Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. culation, from the respective Times of their being made

forth, and have the same Currency in the publick Ilevc-An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act nues, and be also chargeable upon the same cancelling for veiling divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Tene- Funds, and be in all respects circulated upon the same ments, of John Lacy, Esquire, in the Counties of EJf'ex, Terms and Conditions, as the other Exchequer Bills, to Cambridge, zxi Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, for Pay- be made forth in pursuance of the Proportion of the ment of his Debts, making Provision for his Children Lid Governor and Company.

unprovided for, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Was read a Second time. That, towards railing a sufficient Fund or Funds, for the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Solicitor paying off, and cancelling, in some certain Time, the Ex-General, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Topham, Lord Wm. Rowlett, chequer Bills, to be circulated by the Governor and Corn-Sir Charles Tuner, Mr. Travers, Sir Fran. Masham, pany of the Bank of England, in order to her Majesty’s Mr. Hut chit fan.Sir Robert Eden, Sir Robert Matsham, Supply for the Service of the Year 1709, that Moiety or Mr. Chambers, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vane, Mr. Tates, Lord half Part of the Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and Conningsby, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Go//, Mr. other Duties and Sums of Money, payable upon Wines, Vocklington, Sir IVm. Scawen, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Rudge, Goods) and Merchandizes, imported, which were granted Mr. WooUaflon, Mr. Wylde, Sir IVm. Hodges, Mr. to his late Majesty King Charles the Second, for his Life, Hampden, Mr. Freak, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Brijlowe, by an Act of Parliament in the 12th Year of his Reign,

Mr. Doufwell, Mr. Montgomery, Sir fVm. St. Quintin, and which, by several subsequent Acts, have been granted Mr. Traverse, Sir John Cope-, and all, that serve for the to continue till the First Day of Atiguft, 1714, shall be Counties or Essex, Cambridge, and Middlesex: And they further continued from the last Day of July, 1714, and be are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, forever; Speaker’s Chamber. and that the fame, and all Arrearages thereof (not already

appropriated, or to be applied, by any former Act or A Bill for making the Ships, called the Friends Good- Acts of Parliament in that behalf)shall be made subject will and Experiment(bothDa/^-built) freeShips of Great and liable for or towards the Payment of 200,000 per Britain, was read a Second time. Annum, to be appropriated and applied for and towards Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. F. Annef- the paying off, and cancelling, the said Exchequer ley, Mr. Aifelabie, Mr . Lifter, Mr. Maijlers, Mr. Ser- Bills, until they shall be wholly discharged; the said jeant Barnet , Sir Robert Edon, Sir Robert Davers, Sir £ 200,000 to commence from the Time, that Cha. Turner, Sir IVm. St. Quintin, Mr. Gale, Mr. Far- the Loans, made, or to be made, upon an Act, of the Sixth rtr, Mr. Vaughan, Lord IVm. Powlett, Sir Fran. Ma- Year of her Majesty’s Reign, and charged on the said

sham, Mr. Heysham, Sir Ri.Farrington, Sir IVm. Hujller, half Subsidy, and other Duties therein mentioned, and Mr. Foot, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. tVollaflon, Sir Hen. all the Interest thereof, shall be satisfied.

Lyddall-, and all, that serve for the Cinque and Sea Ports, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to That th.e. Ejcccfi or Surplus, which shall from time to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s time arile of and from the other Moiety or half Part of Chamber. the Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and otherDuties

and Sums of Money, payable upon Wines, Goods,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and Merchandizes, imported, which were first granted in s for the explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Se-made Amo prime Am* Regin*, intituled, An Act, giving cond, and which by several subsequent Acts, had Con-. further Time to John, Lord Bishop of Chichester, and his tinuance until the First Day of August, 17 r2, for the Pur-Successors, to make Leases of certain Houses, and poses therein mentioned, and by an Act, of the Sixth.

Ground, in and near Chancery Lane, belonging to the Bi- Year of her Majesty’s lleign were further continued for Ihoprickof Chichester, was read the First time. the Term of 96 Years, from the last Day of July, 1712,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding £. 80,000 per

Annum (which Excess or Surplus, by a Clause in the said

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Act of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, was re-to enable the honourable William CecilI, Esquire, with served to be disposed for the publick Use and Service, others, to fell Lands, for the Payment of several Debts, and not otherwisejand all Arrearagesof the said half Subcharged upon his Estate by the Right honourable John fidies, and Duties, not already appropriated, or to be opiate Earl of Exfter, deceased, his late Father, was read the plied, by any former Act or Acts Parliament in that First time. behalf, dial 1 also be made subject and liable for or towards

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. the Payment of the said £.200,000 Annum, for can-

celling

&g " r fc

8:AnA, 8*-^9* Martii. 145

cdlita and di/lbargiflg (He Aid Ettkcqufce BUB, as

aforesaid.

Rffbbved, That it is the Opinion of this Cdthfirtittee, That the Excel* at Surplus^ which flifctJ from time to time arise, as well by the Duties of Coffee, Tee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, Muffins* Drugs, China Wares, and Cad*

And the Petition of Thonm Meridytk, Esquire, was read.

And the Counsel were heard, and several Witnesses examined:

And being withdrawn;

Rffoh*d\ Nmim contradicente, That AI-

licoes* as by the Two-third Parts of the SabAdieaof Ton- Esquire, is duly elected a Buigefj to fenre in this

sage end Poundage* made liable to the Payment of the present Parliament for the Borough of

Allowances, amounting to Six pet Cm/, per Amman, or And a Motion being made, and the Question being the reabouts, for Interest and Circulation of the said Ex- put, That Robert Esquire, is duly elected a Bur*

chequer Bills, after the same Duties and Revenues lhAll gels, to fefve in this present Parliament lor the said Bo-commence, and take effed for that Purpose (which Ex- rough of Midhurst*

cess or Sorplus shall remain from time to time, after dip charging, or leaving sufficient to discharge, the said Allowances, amounting to Six per Cent, per Amam, or thereabouts) shall likewise be made subject and liable for or towards the Payment and making good of the said /. 200,000 per Annum, for cancelling the said Exchequer Bills aforesaid.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

The House divided The Noes go forth:

1

Tellers for the Noes, j j Ht-

So it pdfTed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being

That, in case at the End of any Year after the Time, when put. That Thomas Meredyth, Esquire, is duly elected a the said £. 200,000 per Annum is to commence, as afore- Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said laid, it shall appear, that the Funds, intended, as afore- Borough of Midhurst;

The House divided: The Yeas go forth:

TrHcrr forth. Tear, Tellers for the Noes,

fSir Nich. Mortice,

J

ij8.

llS‘

f Mr. E

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this

laid, for making good the lame, shall be deficient for that Purpose, then, and lb often, every such Deficiency shall and may be ma !e up out of the Produce of those Funds in any subsequent Year or Years, in which there shall appear to be an Overplus, to be applied for or towards the making good of such Deficiency.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty upon the Exportation of Copper, of the Produce and Growth of Great Britain, and all Btafs Wire, House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the made here, be taken off*. Borough of Miaknrft, in the County of Sussex, by rafing

The laid Reiblutiont, being Icverally read a Second out the Name of Esquire, and inlerting the

time, were, upon the Question fereraliy put thereupon. Name of Thomas Meredyth, Esquire, instead thereof, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Re- That Mr. Cetill, Mr. Mr. Law-

solutions, and the other Resolutions from the said Com- ' Mr. Dishm, Mr. Norris, be added to the Commit-mittee, which hare been agreed unto by the House i and tee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer* Mr. Attorney made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Farter, and Mr. better preventing of Milchicli, that may happen by Fine, Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. vni committed.

Mischicft by Fire.

Worifoo'i A Petition of the Malta* of Ships, and Other Traders, Haven, living within the Barony of Town of

Pfeftoun-Pamts, Prffloun, Haven, and other

Places, lying within the Parish of was pre-

lented to the House, and read; letting forth* that the Inhabitants of the Shires of and Mid Louthian* and the Magistrates of Edinburgh, have prefrnted a Petition, craving to be heard against the Bill for repairing and improving the Harbour of Morifon's and the Fort

there) insinuating, the same is impradicabie: That the Petitioners are able to make appear, that the Haven is conform to the Address, and Report, alreiriy given in by them: And praying, no Notice may he taken of the Objections, made by such Peffona, whose Interest ft is to difoncourage the Undertaking.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Counsel are to be heard against the Aid Bill, upon Thursday next.

-x

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycot and Mr. Fellows 3 Mr. Speaker

Hgydon’t . The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Eftat*. veiling the Estate of Gideon Hayden, Esquire, decebfed, lying in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts, wherewith it Hands incumbered, and settling the Overplus to the Dies in his Marriage Settlement limited and declared* to which they desire , the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Midhurst The House proceeded to the hearing1 of the Election flection, for »he Borough of hfidhurst, in the County of Sussex.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

Vo t. 16.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 90 die Martii;

Anno 8* Anns Regin*, 1708.

Pkatiks.

A PETITION of William Hackney

and Edward Soyer, on behalf of themselves, and Coactc8r the rest of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. in the West, London, and 5/. Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; let-

ting forth, that the disorderly plying and driving of Hackney Coaches do frequently make Stops in several Places in the said Parishes, to the great Annoyance of the Inhabitants, Danger of Persons passing, and Hindrance of Buffness; And praying, the Premises may be taken into Consideration, and the House do what in their great Wisdom shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee* and that they do eixamine the

Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House*

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Mr. Comp-tot, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Booth, Mr. Dolben, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Dtmcomb, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Thompson, Sir Jeff. Jeffreys, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Vaughan,

Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Onslow, Lord Conmttgsby, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Chambers, Sir Fra. Mafltam, Mr.

Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Medlycott; and all for London, Westminster, Middlesex, and Surrey: And they are

to meet at Fate a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

O o v The

s

Midhurst

Return

amended.

Birmingham Church.

Manchester Church or Chapel.

Controverted

Elections.

Dickins'

Estate.

Morifon’s

Haven*

Marquwof

Lindfeys

Ellate.

Malet's and Pacey's Debts to the Crown.

i46

Martii.

A. 1708.

The Clerk of tire Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Midhurfi, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Mr. Heysham, Sir

Ric.hard How, Mr. Shocker ley, Sir Wm. Mr.

Btyan Stapleton, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Amefley, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Cartwright, Sir be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Parish Church, and Parsonage House, and making a new Church-yard, and a new Parish, in Birmingham, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Church, or Chapel, in the Town of Manchester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the BilLdo pais; and that the Title be. An Act for building a Church,’or Chapel, in the Town of Manchester.

Ordered, That Colonel Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That such Persons, as shall think fit to renew their Petitions, complaining of any undue Elections of Members, to serve in this present Parliament, do present the same to the House in Fourteen Days after the fitting of the House the next Session of Parliament, according to ancient Custom.

A Bill to enable John Dickitis, of , in the County of Stafford, Esquire, to charge the Manor of Preene, in the County of Salop, with Four thousand Pound (reserv-ing to Mary, his Wife, a Rent-charge of One hundred and Fifty Pound per Annum, for her Jointure) in lieu of the Power of leafing the fame, for purchasing in the said Leases, and for discharging of a Mortgage on his Stafford-shireEstate, and other Debts and Incumbrances upon the said Manor, and Lands, of Preene, and to enable Trustees to ascertain the Value of an Ellate, to be letlled, on his Disposal of the said Manor (with the Consent of the Trustees, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the Petitions, which have been presented to the House against the Bill for repairing and improving the Harbour of Jons Haven, and the Fort there, in the Shire of Raft Lothian, and for amending, and keeping in repair, the Highways, leading to the said Harbour; and that the Order, for the hearing Counsel at the Bar, be discharged.

Mr. Bertie presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for confirming to Robert Marquis of Lord Great Chamberlain of England, and his. Heirs, a House, and inclosed Fourth Part of the Park of Havering, in the County of Essex, in Recompence and Satisfaction of his interests in the Office or Custody of the said House, and Park; and the same was received, and read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Clayton, one of the Agents for Taxes, attended, he was called in and, at the Bar, presented to the Hqufe, "

An, Account of what is due from Baldwin Malet, Esquire, late Receiver General of the County and City of Bristol, and who were his Sureties; with an Account of their Circumstances, and all other Matters, relating to the said Debt; And allb.

An Account of what is due from Esquire,

Receiver General of the County of , deceased, and who were his Sureties; with an Account of 'their Circumstances, and all other Matters, relating to the said Debt.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are as follow; viz.

23, -

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and But-geffes, in Parliament assembled:

IN Obedience to the Commands of this honourable House, her Majesty’s Agents for Taxes do present an Account of what is due from Baldwin Malet, Esquire, late Receiver General for the County of Somerftt, and City of Bristol, and who were his Sureties; with an Account of their Circumstances, and all other Matters, relating to the said Debt.

That they find the said Receiver General indebted to her Majesty in about the Sum of £. 1,614. 9s- 5 to wit,

£. d.

Upon the Land Tax 1703 - - 218 13 6

Upon the Subsidies for the same Year 581 10 5! Marriages 1703 - - - 21217 3

Houses 1702 - 539 11 —

Houses 1703 - - - 61 17 3

That, as to the Names of the said Receiver’s Sureties, they are as follows:

William Malet, Son and Heir of the said Receiver: Edmund Bowyer, of Beer, Esquire:

Edward Raymond, of Bridgewater, Gentleman:

Amias Bampfeild, of Bicknailer, Esquire: Edward 7 dwells, of Watchet, Gentleman: All of the County of Somerset.

That, as to the Circumstances of the Sureties, they were esteemed to be very great Security, when they were bound to the Crown; and, we humbly conceive, are Hill able to answer a for greater Sum, than is now due from the Receiver.

That, as to all other Matters, relating to the said Debt, we humbly lay before this honouableHouse, that an Act passed in the Fourth Year of her Majesty’s Reign,

for veiling the Receiver’s Estate in Sir John Trevillian, John Malet, William Clayton, and Richard Shoredicke,

to be sold, for Payment of the publick Debt; and several Parts thereof were fold accordingly, and the Money arising therefrom, amounting to £. 4,768. 19 was paid by the said William Malet, Son and Heir apparent of the Receiver, into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, towards the reducing the Debt to what it now is; and other Parts of the Ellate had been fold before now, to have satisfied the Remainder of the Debt, hid there not been Difficulty in getting good Purchasers, for which Reason Process has not issued against him; and on the 5th of January last he petitioned the Lord High Treasurer, to give him time till Easier Term next, and then be would not fail to pay the said Arrear.

All which is most humbly submitted to this honourable House.

Westminster, Agents Office, m. ,'

March 8th, 1708. Ri. Sher die he.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled IN Obedience to the Commands of this honourable House, her Majesty’s Agents for Taxes do humbly . present an Account of what is due from Samuel , dlSceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk, and who were his Sureties; with-an Account of their Circumstances, and all other Matters, relating to the said i;Debt.

That the said Receiver is indebted to the Crown m about the Sum of£. 13,658. 13 8 viz.'

' > as id.

Upbn the Lahd Tax 1707 - 12,319

Upon Houses 1707 - ' 1,160 10 —

Upon Marriages, ft?*-. -; '179 3 ®

That, as to the-Narnes of the ftW Receiver's Securi-. ties, they are as follows:

Sir Richard Allen, of SomeHitonhall, in the County of Suffolk, Baronet:

Thomas Barker, of Seething lane, London, Merchant:

John Aldred, of the same Place, Merchant:

Benjamin Spelman, of Yarmouthin the County of Norfolk, Merchant: .

And

out if

It*.

fi foe

o

I — 10

Martii.

8 Ann

And Jofift Pack, of Lmcjttf, in (he County of Tellers for the Nocs,[Mj'

Suffolk, Gentleman: -

Who were, with the Receiver, all jointly and severally bound, for the Land Tax, in the Sum of £.48,000, and were esteemed to be good Security to the Crown for that Sum, and are at this Time, as we humbly conceive, able

to answer a far greater Sum, than £. 13,658. ijr. 8^. which they now owe to the Crown. The laid and Barker are also Securities for the Duties of Houses, and Marriages, tsV. in the Sum of £. 9,000.

That, as to all other Matters, relating to the said Debt, we humbly lay before this honourable House, that Sir Richard Allen, and the rest of the Sureties, were

J47

jij,.

So it oafled in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House do, upon this Day Month, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

The House. divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.

Mr. Frank/and, Mr. Foley:

pressed by my Lord Treasurer to come to some certain Method, for discharging this Debt by monthly Payments;

So it was was resolved in the Affirmative.

African

Trade.

upon which they desired Time till Midsummer next; That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

which was not thought reasonable: Whereupon they pro- the more effectual prohibiting the Importation of French posed to pay One thousand Pounds before Chriflmaslaft. Wines, and all other Commodities of the Growth and and Five hundred Pounds a Month, for the Three Product of France; and that Sir Robert Dovers, Mr.

subsequent Months; which was agreed to; provided, Frederick Hern, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

they would, in Fourteen Days, lay before my Lord Trea- Methuen, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Lowndes,

surer, in what Method they did intend to pay the Re- M*". and Mr. do prepare, and

mainder; which they failed to do. Indeed they did pay bring in, the Bill, the Thousand Pounds before Christmas, and Five hundred Pounds for the Month of January; but having a "Phc House reiblved itself into a Committee of the Bill depending in this honourable House, for a Compo- whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa. fition, failed paying for the Month of February, so that, Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

having broke their Promise with my Lord Treasurer, we Mr. IV took the Chair of the Committee,

have ordered Process against all the Security, returnable Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, the First Day of the next Term. Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, that they

All which is most humbly submitted to this honour- had made a further Progress in the Matter to them re-able House. ferred; and had directed him to move, that they may

Westminster, Agents Office, Wm. Clayton, have Leave to fit again.

March the 8th, 1708. Ri.Sbordiche. . Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom-

ti. . »i r rj . r.u r-j A . *ng next> re*°lve itself into a Committee of the whole OrW That the Consideration of the said Accounts House. to consider further of the Trade to Afria. be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to /

whom the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the

Time being, to compound with William Malett, Esquire,

as Surety for his Father, while Receiver General for the

Export of Salt Provision from Scotland*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Punishing Twelve a Clock, refblve itself into a Committee of the ^"t,ny an<t whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punish- uon’

County of W/rr, and City of Bnfiol, and also the jef falf' "uft, erS' and for

Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Gnat the >*‘t« of'Army, and Quarters.

Britain to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, v*rnu,,i tl.. ti r 11

GCaCa> °‘ ,hC C0Um? of W2SS I^n'acShfr^eTrdf^acl":

are committea. mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the to the Crown*

, r , / a. j . »t r /j- . Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of

LnmdotprnkMoi to the Houk (according to or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being

m, r!/!hBAl.f0r "T8’ a,rdfd'rcaing ,be Pcly' to compound with William Esquire, as Surety for

ri c e ,! ' f ^Vor"rv; Reiver General for the County of

portatron, from Scotland, of Ftft. Beef, and Pork, cured Sm,f and C; of BnM. a,d also the Bill to impower

with foreign Salt, imported before the First of Mv, ,he Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain to compound 1707 and for drfpofing such Sait, ftrll remain, ug in the whh the Su"tics of p deceased, late Re-

Hands of her Majesty s Subjects there; and the same was «irer GeneraI for the Count of Suffolk received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Tobacco

Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambert, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. An- Earl of nejley, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Clanricard'a Booth, Mr. Sea wen, Mr. TreJawny, Mr. Canape, Mr.

Offley, Mr. Griffith, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Earl of Clanricard,

The Orders of the Day being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Expor- lately called Lord Bophin, of the Kingdom of Ireland, tation of Tobacco, and other Commodities, and Manu- ‘ ‘ - *.

failures, of the Growth and Product of Great Britain, and the Dominions thereunto belonging;

Estate.

117.

!l 44-

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for (The Lord Willoughby, the Yeas, JSir Wm. Pole-.

Tellers for f The Lord William the Noes, £Mr. White:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being

put. That the House do, upon Friday Morning next,

resolve itself into the said Committee;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

rp , 7. v fsir Hen-

Tellers for the Yeas,£Mf

Vol. 16.

in relation to his Estate in Ireland, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

122.

Jovis, 10* die Martii;

Anno 8* Annae Reginse, 1708.

Prayers.

A BILL for making the Ships, the Barckley Castle Baickley and James of Montrofs, free Ships, was read a CalUe, &c.

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir David Ramsay, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Carneage, Lord Con-ningfby, Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Dalrimple, Sir

Domfreis

Ek&on.

Vvmfms

Writ,

Export of Salt Provision from Scotland.

Counterfeit* ingCoin, Itc.

om$j>t

Name.

Morifon’s

Haven.

Lord Slwi’fc Attainder.

148 10° Martii. A 1708.

Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Fran’. , Mr.

gomery, Mr. Farrer, MV. AuftiH, Sir nomas Parker, Mr. Go//, Mr. Dolbett, Mr. Peyton, Sir -

nett, Mr. AHneJky, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Coatesworth, Sir

Wm. Gourdon, Sir John Holland, Sir Lawrence,

Mr. Neville, Sir fVm. Asharjt, Sir Peter King, Mr. /Pi/* lafton, Lord JVm. Powlett; and all, that fcrvc for

Britain, and the Sea Ports: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker^ Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir William Greir, alias junior,

Esquire, have Leave to Withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Shirt of Dtlm/reize.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Commissionef to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Dum/ in the room of the honourable James Lord JohiJtmm

and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel thereupon, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee) that they do provide, effectually to confirm the Sales, made by the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland by Act of Parliament, of the Estate <xf the said Lord Slone to the Purchasers thereof.

A Bill for restraining of Buildings on new FotiUda- Restraining tions, was read a Second time. Building*.

And a Motion being made, and the Questiott being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tc.,mror, hcY^rrWCW, |6J>

Tellers for the Noee.^ 0^'. "*»* J 66,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Bill for ascertaining, and directing the Payment Ordered, That the Committee, who are to examine the Cruifcr* and of, the Allowances, to be made for or upon the Exporta- Accounts, which have been laid before this House, of Conroy*, tion, from Scotland, of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured what Ships have been employed as Cruisers and Coii-with foreign Salt, imported before the First of May, voys, ovet and above the Ships for the Line of Battle,

1707, and for disposing such Salt, still remaining in the and for Convoys to remote Parti, and also the Eftifnate Hands of her Majesty’s Subjects there, was (according of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, as it stood, on the to Order) read the First time. _ Heads mentioned in the said Estimate, the 30th of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. December, 1708, be discharged from proceeding upon the

Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of Mr. Peyton presented to the House (according to the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes with-Order) a Bill for making perpetual an Act for the better in the Hamlets of the Tower of London, as well in behalf preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this of their respective Parishes, as of marly thousand poor Kingdom, as alto an Act for giving like Remedy upon Families within the same.

promissory Notes, aS is used upon Bills of Exchange, and Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard

For the better Payment of inland Bills of Exchange; and at the Bar of this House upon Morning next;

the same was received, and read the First time. and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, if they

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time. think fit.

in's, i

(upkj)

'-Hitii

uif-

An ingrossed Bill to enable Anne Offley, Widow, and A Petition of the Clothiers, Cloth-dressers, and Dra- Woollen John Offley, Esquire, her Son, and Heir apparent, to peis, within the Town* and Parish of in the cloth-

Change their Surnames of Offley to Crew, whs read the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to Manufactur* Third time. the House, and read; letting forth, that most of the

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, Families in those Parts art supported by the Cloth Trade,

An Act to enable Anne Offley, Widow, and John Offley, and chiefly by making of Cloths, called whole thick Eiqufre, her Son, and Heir apparent, to change their Kerseys, and whole thick Plains: That several of the Surnames of Offley to Crew. Dealers in those Sorts of Cloths have suffered very much

Ordered \That Sir Edward Lawrence do carry the Bill by the overstretching and straining of those Commodities lb the Lord's, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. by the Makers: And praying, a Clause may be inferred

in the Bill now depending, for the regulating the Lengths Ordered, That the Bill for repairing and improving and Breadths of Cloths, to inflict a Penalty on such, who the Harbour of MprrijodsHaven, and the Fort there, in shall stretch the find Cloths above Half Yard in Length, the Shire of East Lothian, and for amending and keep- in a Piece not above Twenty Yards, ingiri repair, the Highways, leading to the said Harbour, Ordered, That the Consideration of she laid Pet&ioh with the Amendments, be' ingrossed. be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill 16

re-committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tqteveifc tbie Outlawry and Attainder of Christopher Lord A Petition of fattdry Owners of Ships In the Port of Foreign-Baron, of Siam, in irdand, was read a Second rime. London was presented to the House, and read; fetfing bailtSmp*.

Rojolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Coth forth* that fetertl Bills are, and others' brdertd to be* ningsby, Lord IVm. Powlett, Mr. Pgyton, Mr. Moore; brought into this honourable House, for making free Sir John Holland, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Page* jMr. Ellis, divers foreigrt Ships: That the Petitioners, Upon Faith Mr. Barker, Mr. Vernon, Nix. Vaughan, Mr. Aujlin, of the Act of Navigation, haste laid out great Patt of Lord Fttzharding, Mf. Hampden, Mr. Hatley, Mr. Den- their Substance in building Ships at hbffie, at deftTef

ton. Sir Ri.Howe, Sir Walter' Young, Mt. Serjeant Rates, than such Ships could be built abroad: And

Barnet, Ml Pocklington, Mr. Proby, Mr. Coventry Sir praying the Consideration of the House.

Robert Daverje, Mr. Vane, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Guybons, Ordered, That the said Petiiidu do lie upbtl* the Table,

Mr. Pultney, Sir Ra. 'Edott, Mr. Euricke, Mr. Aiflabie, until the Reports from the Committee*;'to wHoftt the

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Brewer: And they are to meet Bill for making' the Ships, called the Friend* Good-will, this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s and Experiment (both free Ships of Great

Chamber. Britain, and the Bill for making the Sfttpfc, Batckley

Ordered, That the Petition of the Right honourable Castle, and Of free Ships; are ebm-

Mary Lkfiy Shelbern, in behalf of her Son Wll&afa Cim- miffed.

uingham, and Samuel Dopping, Edward Smgletin, Charles A Petition of several Matter Rope-makers in atld about Campbell, and John Graham, Esquires, on behalf of the City of London, as well in behalf of themftflVes, as thendelves, arid other Purchasers of the late forfeited all others of the said Trade, was presented to the House,

Estates of the said Lord Slant, (relating to the said Bill) and rtad; fettiflg forth, that several Persons are endea-to referred to the Consideration Of the fitid Committee; vouring to obtain an Act, for making foreign Ships freej

whereby

u

1

1

n

e

ii

fc

n

8 Ann,

io° Martii.

whereby her Majesty will be deprived of several thousand Paymaster of the forces: Public

Pounds for Duties on Hemp, Tar, (Ac. but ruin many Ears of Raneiagh: His Accounts to 24th Accompmnts.

poor Families, who are no a employed in manufacturing 1701, are declared j upon which there tests a Balance of the fame, and discourage che Petitioners for bringing up £4,901,714. 18/. which Sum could not be 4l-

Servants to the said Employment Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Reports from the Committees, to whom the Bill for making the Ship*, called tf e Friends Good-will and

And praying the lowed the Accomptant, for that Vouchers, required by the strict Rules of the Exchequer, have not been produced for the fame.

His Account for the Year 1762 was delivered to us the ltft of October, 17051 but the Leidger being im-

Experiment (both Dutch built) free Ships of Great Britain, perfect, the same was taken back foitie time since, and

and the Bill for making the Ship?, Barkley Gqflle and is lately re-delivered.

Roflet’i, Nat.

James of Montrofs, free Ships, are committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by

this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lewis de Rofj'ett, Peter Bronet, and others.

And then the MefTcngers withdrew.

?! 2U DVJ.

Chaplain. Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that the will be pleased to confer Come Dignity in the Church upon Mr. Law-roue Broderick, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That tlit said Addrtfe be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Railing the Militia.

Fortifying Portsmouth &c. Harbour,

John How, Esquire, the present Paymaster, has passed

his Accounts to Christmas, 1706.

His Account to Ckrijt mas, 1707, is almost perfected for Declaration.

Charles Fox, Esq. Paymaster of the Forces abroad:

His Account for that Service, for a Year, to,

1703, b declared.

His Account to Christmas, 1704, is almost ready for Declaration.

His final Account, to June, 1705, has been delivered in king since; but the Leidger is not perfected, nor all the Vouchers delivered.

James Brydges, Esquire, the present Paymaster: His first Account, for half a Year, Christmas, 1705, has been long since delivered in; but Warrants, for Payments to foreign Forces, are yet wanting.

Treasurer of the Ordnance:

Henry Mordaunt, Esquire: His Account to 30th June,

1702, is declared.

Charles Bertie, Esquire, fuCceeding the Cud Mr. daunt: His Account so 30th June, 1703, is declared.

His Account to 30th June, 1704, is almost ready for Dedararion.

His final Account, for the subsequenf Year, b no£ brought in.

Mr.' Mor daunt, Who again fucce'eded Mr. His

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for raising the Militia for the Year 1709, although the Month’s Pay,

formerly advanced, be not repaid; and that Sir William

HuJILr, Mr. Fenton, and Sir William Strickland, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill to nominate and impower Coramiffiom r«, to make Surveys, and describe the Lands and Tenement*, which are proper Accounts from 30th June, 170$, lie before the Board of to be purchased, in order to the better fortifying and Ordnance, as his Agertt alleges, in order lo their signinf feturing the Dot ks and Harbours of Portsmouth, Chat- the lame.

bant, and Harwich-, and to enquire into the Titles of all Paymaster of the Six Marine Kegimerf/s:

Persons, and Corporations, who nave Estates therein, and Wa/ltf Whitfeild, Esquire: His Accounts to ChriJ-tfce Value of thetr rd edive Estates and fnterclb, and 1703, arts declared.

to certify the- same to her Majesty; and that Mr. At- His Accounts to Christmas, preparing for

torney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor Declaration.

of the Exchequer, Lieutenant General Eric, Mr. Travers, Mr. William bridges, and Mr. (so prepare, and the Bill.

bring

in.

Pay of French Regiments.

Public

Accoxnptants,

ChrfimiflSoners for Transportafioi*:

Captain and Mr. Rcope; Their Account for the Holland Transport Service, so the Year *702, is-declared.

Mr. Auditor Harley (according to Order) prelected They have affo exhibited an Account of the to the House, and West India Expedition in the' same Year; which

A State of the Accounts of the Pay of the Three been examined, and a State thereof made up, to be la French Regiments of Foot, that served in the Jadt War; before the Lord High Treasurer.

They are also accountable for the laid" Transport Ser*

vice until the 29th of March,. 1704, when Mr. Nutitu was constituted Treasurer.

John Fluting, Esquire, late Treasurer, has delivered ia an. Account of Money, received for that Service between' the 29th of March, 1704, and the 24th June, *705,

and also,

A Certificate, Ihewirrg what Accomptants have made up their Accounts for Moneys, fffiied since the Commencement of the present War.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said State, and Certificate; do Ke upon the Table, terbeperafed by the Members of the together with his Vouchers to the Discharge of Part 06 Hoofe. the Account > bat no frfipfeft Roll, nor other Certifi-!,

The said Certificate is as' follows: cates, to comptroll any Part of the Charge, is brought to

us. He has been under Profecufiofi, and Ionic Moneys A CERTIFICATE, /hewing, what Accomptants have has been paid in by his Securities, as we are informed, made up their Accounts for Moneys, HTued since the He is accountable from 1705, to- the 1 Kh

Commencement of the present War; viz. January following,

Treasurer of the Navy: Cha. Majon, Esquire,. succceding him, has delivered irs

Sir Thomas Littleton, Baronet: His Accounts to Chrtft- an Account of this Service for a Year, to nth January,

rjofs, which is preparing for Declaration.

Million Lottery:

Richard Taylor, Esquire, late Paymaster: His final Account, to 23d February, 1704, is declared; upon the-Foot of which he is indebted ,£.5,510. 35.

Sir John Humble, Baronet, now Paymaster: His Accounts to Michaelmas, r 708, are declared.

Malt Lottery:

Robert Crompton, Gentleman: His Accounts, to the

are declared.

mas, 1704, are delivered in, and under Examination, each Account consisting of three thick Leidgers.

Treasurer for Sick and Wounded, (Ac.

Rickard Povey, Jate Treasurer: His Accounts to

Midsummer, 1705 (the Time of his Decease) are delivered

in, but lie wholly unprosecuted;

Captain Savory, the present Treasurer: His Account for the Year ended 30th June, 1706, is ready for Declaration.

His Account to joth June, 1707, is lately delivered in Day of his Decease, in 1704 V01. 16L p

S offerers at Nevis and St. Christophers.

Designed Invasion of Scotland.

io* — 11° Martii.

A. 1708.

Nehmiah Arnold, Gentleman: His Accounts to Michaelmas, 1707, are declared.

His Account to Michaelmas, 1708, is preparing for Declaration.

Interest paid on Debentures:

Mrs. Margaret Jett, Widow, and Administratrix, of Yho. Jett, Gentleman, deceased, has delivered in an Account of Money, received by her said late Husband, for that Service, from June, 1703, to 1707,

which is examined, and a State thereof made up by the Auditor, and will in a short time be ready for Declaration.

Trustees for circulating Exchequer Bills, and Lionell Herne, for cancelling the m:

The Accounts of the Trustees to 1706,

are declared.

Their Account to Midsummer, 1707, is ready for Declaration.

Mr. Hern*s Accounts to 13th September, 1706, are declared.

Paymaster of Interest on prompt Payment of Money for Annuities:

Wm, Clayton, Esquire, has passed his Account thereof to the First of May, 1706.

His subsequent Account, to May, 1707, is ready for Declaration.

E. Harley.

A. Maynwaring.

March 10th, 1701

The Orders of the Day being read 1 Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at. Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report of the Lord High Treasurer (made upon an Address to her Majesty the Eighteenth Day of March, 1706) relating to the Losses of the People of Nevis and St.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Papers, which have been laid before this House, relating to the designed Invasion of Scotland, and the Proceedings thereupon, and against the Lord Griffin, and others, taken in Rebellion, and relating to the Persons, taken upon Suspicion, and also to the Garrisons in Scotland.

And a Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that Orders were not issued, for the marching of the Troops in England, until the 14th Day of March, being Two Days after the Enemy had anchored in the Firth;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " March,* these Words, " it being necessary for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, that the Troops in this " Part of the Kingdom should not March into Scotland, till there was certain Intelligence, that the Enemy intended to land in that Part of the United Kingdom." And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, at the End thereof, these Words, " being Two Days after the Enemy had anchored " in the Firth'*

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Orders were not issued for the marching of the Troops in England, until the Fourteenth Day of March, it being necessary for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, that the Troops in this Part of the Kingdom should not march into Scotland, till there was certain Intelligence, that the Enemy intended to land in that Part of the United Kingdom.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it appears to this House, that timely and efteaual Care was taken by those, employed under her Majesty at the Time of the intended Invasion of Scotland, to disappoint the Deligns of Her Majesty’s Enemies both at home and abroad, by fitting out a sufficient Number of Men aa

of War, ordering a competent Number of Troops from Flanders, giving Directions for the Forces in Ireland to be ready for the Assistance of the Nation, and by making the necessary and proper Dispositions of the Forces in England j The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers so, the Ye*, } '*<-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vmens, 11* die Martii;

Anno 8* Annae Reginae, 1708.

Praters. ‘

/ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Commission.

" for rendering more effectual the Laws, relating to -V*of Commissions of Sewers; and that Mr. Conyers and Sir b*w*r*'

Robert Edon do prepare, and bring in, the BilL

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) presented to the Supply Bill? House, a Bill for continuing several Impositions upon ImP9fi.tion*. Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, and East India Goods, and 1DW* certain additional Impositions upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, and certain Duties upon Whale-fins, and other Things mentioned, to raise Money, by way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s necessary and important Occasions i and for exporting British Copper, and Brais Wire,

Duty-free: And the Bill was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir William Withers (according to Order) presented to Commission* the House, a Bill for giving the Commissioners of Sew- eJ®of ers, for the City of London, the feme Powers, as the 0 n on* Commissioners of Sewers for Counties have, and also preventing Annoyances to the Common-lhoars, and to the River of Thames, and for obliging Collectors of the Sewers to account; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fcrf®

ban

JiitCci

fMth

Wl J Dtbi to 1 JRl

Perwfcts

Eftaie.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for vetting feme Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, included in the Marriage Settlement of the Right honourable the Lord William Powlet, in Trustees, to be sold, for the railing Money to discharge an Incumbrance, fallen on the same by virtue of a Decree of the high Court of Chancery, and to establish and confirm an Agreement made by the said Lord William Pow/ett with the Right honourable the Countess Dowager of Bridgwater, and the Executors of the Duke of Bolton, deceased, relating to such Incumbrance; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tithe.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Swinfin presented to the House (according to Fmnci*n*4 Order) a Bill for making the Ship Francis and . |^*uel

(foreign-built) a free Ship of Great Britain: and the feme.5 ,p* was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, Ship- Foreig«-buil‘ owners, and other inhabitants, of the Burgh of Great shlPfc Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the;

House, and read; setting forth, that several Bills have. been already brought, and others ordered to be brought, into this honourable House, for making free divers

Ships

raUfciDj

fenyj

4toi

tyi,l

'Sbil

Si,

8 Ann.

ii0 Ma

151

Foreign'bmlt bhipi.

ramifis

oi

K«t

pph!/ >ux»

Ships built abroad; and that the Petitioners, upon the Solicitor General, Mr. Lechmere, and Mr. Topham, do Credit of the Act of Navigation, have laid out the greatest prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Part of their Subdance in building Ships at home, at

much dearer Hates, than such Ships could be built abroad; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Whitaker'* whereby they, and the many other Tradestnen, employed whom the Petition of Edward lite Solicitor Of Accountwith

by them, mud be driven to find hmployment in other the Admiralty and Navy, was referred, be now taken into "* Pu ,bc Countries: And praying Relief against the growing Evil. Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, And the Report was read, and is as follows}

till the Reports be made from the Committees, to whom That the Petitioners’s Commission produced, under the

the Bills for making Ships (foreign-built) free Ships, are Admiralty Seal, and signed by Six of the then Commis* committed. sioners for executing the said Office of Lofd High Admi-

A Petition of the Shipwrights, Rope-makers, Black- ral of England, dated ad March, i6g{; whereby the smiths. Sail-makers, Block-makers, and other Artificers, Petitioner was authorized and appointed Solicitor of theif within the Corporations of Weymouth and Me/comb Regis, then Majesties Admiralty and Navy, and obliged toper-in the County of Dorset, wasprelcnted to the House, and form all such Matters and Things, as properly belong read; setting forth, that several Bills have been brought, and appertain to a Solicitor to do;. to bold the said Place and others ordered to be brought, into this honourable until further Order, with the yearly Salary of£. ioo, to be House, for making free divers Ships built abroad: That P»>d quarterly by the Treasurer of the Navy, the Petitioners, on the Faith of the Act of Navigation, That it was also proved, that be continued in that and several other Acts of Parliament, have laid out the Pla<* near Ten Years; and the 14th 08ober, 169a, he created Part of their Subdance in building Ships, or for was ordered by the then Commissioners, for executing the Materials necessary for building, at much dearer Rates, fa’d Office of Lord High Admiral, to attend, and be than such Ships could be budt, or those Materials can present at, the Court Martials, to affid the Judge Advo-be had, abroad: And praying the Consideration of the cat«> or his Deputy, in managing the said Evidence at House, and Relief against this growing Evil. each Trial, to their then Majesties Advantage; and to

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, do whatever else relating to that Service, as Solicitor} till the Reports be made from the Committees, to whom and ‘hat he continued in that Service for the Remainder

,1 V*1 til*

Enabling Infants to make Conveyances.

Mart’s Ac* Debt to the Crown.

the Bills for nuking Ships (foreign-built) free Ships, are committed.

Mr. Solicitor General (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to enable Guardians ot Infants, who

of the said Ten Years.

That there was also produced true Copies from the Navy Books, atteded by Mr. Sergefon, and proved by Mr. Joknfou, and Mr. Percivall, that the Petitioner, in

gross Payments, for which, at the passing his Accounts

are seised of Estates in Trud, to make Conveyances of with the Commissioners of the Admiralty and Navy, he such Estates; and the same was received. produced good Vouchers, had paid several Sums,

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning, amounting to near 20,000, besides^.802. a id. fof

the Petitioner’s said Salary.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain,

or

jit

IB.

Mr Adam Baynes, Mr. Samuel Porter, Attorneys at Law, and Mr. Robert Wintour, one of the Clerks of the Crown Office, severally proved, that for all Fees of Courts at Liw and Equity, Offices at Law and Equity, and for all Fees to Counsel, they had never known any Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to Receipts given, or Vouchers taken, for the fame; and compound with William Malet, Esquire, as Surety for that they had been Pradtilers for 25 and 30 Years, and his Father, while Receiver General for the County of never knew any Receipts or Vouchers demanded, or Somerset, and City of Bristol; and allb the Bill to impower given,

the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General of the County of Suffolk.

Punishing Mutiny and Ddertion.

Richard Crawley, Esquire, Register to the Court of Admiralty, said. That for Counlei’s Fees to the Advocates and Civil Lawyers, and such-like Disbursements, no Receipts or Vouchers were ever given. He allb delivered in an Account of Six several Commissions under the Great Seal of England, and produced the Originals, for

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punifl.bg Mutiny and Desertion, and for be better Payment o t ermy, an Quar ers. fons, and Felons, Murders, and other Offences, committed on the high Seas; and proved many Sittings by the

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Topham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Topham reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Mulct’*, Debt to the Crown.

Judges and Commissioners therein; on which were tried, convicted, attainted, acquitted, or discharged, 252 Prisoners; all which Commissions, and Trials thereupon, were sued out, and had, during the Time of the Petitioner’s said Employment; and the Petitioner defrayed all the Charges of Witnesses, Charges for Entertainment of the Judges and Commissioners at the Trials, Counsel's Fees, and all other incident Charges relating thereto.

Regulating

'Scotch ‘ Militia,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next (after the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the and to die foing out such Commissions.

Time being, to compound with William Malet, Esquire, Mr. Luke Bemet said, that, during all, or greatest as Surety for his Father, while Receiver General for the ^ar‘ °fr ‘he Time, the Petitioner was employed, as afore-County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, and also the Bill h« Pa‘d Part of the Subsistence of such Prisoners,

to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain as were committed for the Crimes aforesaid, and paid to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, ParC of the Subsistence of the Witnesses against them: late Receiver General of the County of Suffolk, are com- That the Petitioner likewise subsisted, and defrayed the mitted, have proceeded thereupon) resolve itself into a Charges of, the Witnesses in many other Causes, he was Committee of the whole House, to consider further of concerned in; and that he had paid, by the Petitioner's the said Bill. Order, Twenty Porunds a Day to Witnesses, and for Sub-

fistence of Prisoners, and had no Receipts; and that he Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to knows, that Mr. Martin, and Mr. Mansfeild, who regulate the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called were Clerks and Agents under and for Mr. Whitaker, Scotland, in the same manner, as the Militia of England during his Employ, are dead, and they could /peak as to is now regulated j and that Mr. Attorne General, Mr. the Petitioner’s other Disbursements, for Prisoners and , Vox. Id. Witnesses,

IS- ii8 — 128M1708.

Whitaker'* Wilqefles, of the like Nature. H» further fajjd, that he Account with believed, he himself has paid fometitnes Subsistence to the Public. ^0'r or 6^'r Prisoners at a Time.

Mr. IVfvtO'ir further laid, that, during the Petitioner’s said Employ , . , was forced to discount Tallies, and Exchequer Bills at great Dtlcount, for the carrying on the said Service; and believes, be had io*r Cent, of the Petitioner, for Discount thereof.

That it was also proved by the Papers delivered in to the Committee by the aforesaid Mr. Johnftm, that the 24th June, 1699, the Commissioners of the Admiralty took off the Petitioner’s Salary; and that several hundred of Suits, Indictments, Informations, and Prosecutions, and fprne Condemnationsot Prises, were sued, prosecuted, and defended, by the Petitioner; the Charges ofall which the Petitioner defrayed.

And by the aforesaid Papers, produced by Mr. Join* fin and Mr. Rercivall, and the Copies of the clearing Rill$ of the Petitioner’s Imprest, it appears, that for all the rest of the publick. Money, paid to the Petitioner, for which he did not produce Vouchers at the passing of his Accounts, which appeared to be annually puffed, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty took this Me- thod: They did refer his Accounts to the Judge of the Admiralty, as to all Civil Law Proceedings; who, on Examination thereof, certified his Opinion, that they were reasonable; and as to the Common Law Proceedings Suits, and Defences, they did refer the Petitioner’s Accounts to Mr. Serjeant deceased, Counsel

to the Admiralty and Navy; and after to Iris Successor, Mr. Thomas Cechmore, deceased.

And it appears, that, on the respective Reports and Certificates of the Judge of the Adimralty, and of the said Counsel to the Admiralty and Navy, the Commissioners of the Admiralty did order the Petitioner's Imprest to be cleared, and discharged, and the rest of the Money, due tq him oq lueh Accounts, to be paid him by the ComrpiOioness of the Navy j, which was so done; and so the rest of the 499- 7& was received by the

Petitioner. And it further appeared by the liaid Papers, that t he Navy Books, both as to Debtor and Creditor, are fven as to the Petitioner, and he discharged, according to the Course of the Navy, And it also appears by the famq Papers, that the Commissioners of the Admiralty and Navy made several Abatements of the Petitioners Demands in his said Accounts, where they law just Occasion.

Mr. Butler, one of the Eight Attorneys of the Queen’s Remembrancer’s Office of toe Court of Exchequer, produced the Record of the Extent out of the said Court, in pursuance of the Act of Parliament, made against your Petitioner; whereby it appeared, that, on the 4th of Juty.t in the 3d Year of her Majesty’s Reign, y<w*r Petitioner’s real Estate, of the annual Value of 135,. 124. id. and £. 194. 5^ Arrears of Rent, are seized into her Majesty’s Hands. And the said Mr. gave the

Committee an Account, that by reason of the fevecaj Proceedings, that have been against the Petitioner, aJJ his Vouchers,.produced to the Cooumifiaoners of the Admiralty and Navy, on passing his. Accounts, have been delivered t-o several Perfaus, in older tq, such Pro-fee ut ion, and such Vouchers, are not sow to be, found, for the Petitioner to produce.

And it appeared, by the Examination of Mr. Barter, Mr. Baines, and Mr. Wintour, and Mr.' that,

to all the Sums received, and:laid out, by the Petitioner, for Law Charges, Subsistence of Prisoners,. Witnesses* and such like Disbursenojents, it was.irapoflible for the Petitioner to ptoducp Vouchers, as the said Statute requires.

And also the Act of the First Year of hex Majestyh Reign, relating to the Edward ,was, read.

And a Motion being made* That Leave be given, to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Mr* Wisitafa, according to the Prater of his. Petition

And a Debate ariung in the House thereuponi

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon fV’.dnesday Mom- Way*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hervey, Sir Rickard Earl of Alien, Mr. Maer, Mr. Whhthtott, Sir Jehu Packhtgien, Clanricard’s Mr. Morgan, be added to the Committee, to whom the state'

Bill for the Relief of the Earl of Clanricard, lately called Lord Bophin, of the Kingdom of Ireland, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 12° die Martii;

Anno 8* Anns Reginas, 1708.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Havdon’*. for vetting the Estate of Gideon Haydon, Esquire, deceased, lying in the County of Din Trustees, to be Ibid. for Payment of the Debts, wherewith it stands incumbered, and settling the Overplus to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement limited and declared, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to BuiySt. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the EAnoad* electinga Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for 'Vnfc the Borough of Bury St. Edmonds, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Thomas Felton, Baronet, deceased.

A Petition of Thomas Bourke, Esquire, was prefen ted Earl of to the House, and read; setting forth, that having married 61anmarfs» Hellen Countess Dowager of Clanricard, Relict of William Estate’ late Earl of Ctunricard.\is, in her Right, seised of Lands

in Ireland, of £. a,ooQ per Annum, and upwards, settled

on her in Jointure by the said Earl, and, in his own RtgjtL to several Mortgages, equitable Rights of Redemption, Incumbrances, and other just Demands, affeftina the Estate of the Family of Clanricard in Ireland, to the Value of £. 20,000 and upwards: That Application has heen made to this honourable House for an Act in Favour of the now Earl of Clanricard (lately called Lord Bophin) and other Persons, who (as ’tis pretended) purchased Part of the said Estate, liable to your Petit!oner's said Incumbrances, and other Demands: And praying Leave to be heard by his Counsel against the said Rill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Coanmi-fetee, to when* the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Forty-ftve poor Prisoners for Debt and Debtor? Damage, in her Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Bucks, Petition, as well on behalf of them-fetores, as 0# divers others m-the said Gaol, and other Gaols- of Great was pev

fented to the House, and- Mad > setting forth-, that not only the Petkionevs; but? also- many Thowfandsof others (whocn Misfortunes haw rendered1 altogether infoPvont) ate now detained in the fold Gaols, to- the Relief of whom the Bute many gracious Acts of Parliament, for discharg-ing poor Pnfonens for Debt, in- no wife extended: Ana peayuog- the Confistevation 0# the House, and Reftef.

Ordered, That the Confi deration- of the fere# Petition be referred to the Committee; to- writenv the said Bill is CP«Hnkted.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee* to Frauds in.. whom the BH!‘ for’rcdreCng,. and' preventing, several StnmpDutiea, EVauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty’s DUfroa upon stampt Vessutn, Parchment, and* Paper, and regu-wting the Clerks; and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’S

- Behch

X

ft of

Un{

tyfftli!

Esic.

if.

8 Ann.

4° Martii.

*53

Regttl&ttng

Scotch

Militia.

Regulating

Scotch

Militia.

Pay of French Regiroeutf.

Duke of

Newcastle’i

Estate.

Bencli and Common Pleas at Westminster, was committed, that her Majesty was pleated toanBver, That /he will be received upon Tuesday Morning next. confer Tome Dignity in the Church upon Mr.

when there is a proper Opportunity.

Ordered That Sir David Da/rymp/e, Mr. Pringle,

Mr. Grant, Mr . Ross, and Mr. Stewart, be added to Mr. (according to Order) presented to the

the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill House, a Bill to regulate the Militia of that Part of Great to regulate the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called Brit am called in the same Manner as the Mi-

Scotland, in the same Manner as the Militia of England litia of England is now regulated; and the Bill was read is now regulated. the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the State of the Accounts of the Pay of Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon the Three French Regiments of Foot, that served in the this Day Seven-night, last War be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next. An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of

for the explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, Chichester'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act made June Regin*, intituled, An Act, giving Estate-

for vesting in John Duke of Newcastle, and his Heirs, further Time to John Lord Bishop of , and his

certain Lands, belonging to the Vicarage ofin Successors, to make Leaks of certain Houses, anti the County of Nottingham, in lie of an annual Rent of Ground, in and near Chancery Lane, belonging to the Ten Pounds per Annum, payable to the Vicar of the said Bishoprick of Chichester, was read a Second time.

Vicarage, and his Successors for ever, was read a Second Ref, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran. time. Ala/hamSir I I'm. Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Paget, Annejly. Mr. Mr. Chafe, Sir Robert Edon,

Mr. Mr. Conyers, Mr. Heysham , Mr.

Sir Waher Young, Mr; Fairer, Mr. Paddington, Sir Rt.

Farrington, Lord Connings by, Mr. Diston, Mr. Serjeant

Bennet, Mr. Compton, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir John Crop-ley, Mr. Mr. Winning!on, Mr. Mr.

Wor ties, Mr. Tates, Mr. , Mr. Paget, Sir Will,

lluflier, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Serjeant Birch,

Mr CampS ir Morrice, Mr. Sir. Wm.

Mr. Aloud:ton, Mr. Peyton, Lord Mr. Cotton, Mr. Top ham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Sir Robert

Edon, Mr. Curzon, Sir Jeff. Jeffreys, Sir David rimple. Colonel Sutton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Archer, Sir Wm.Drake, Mr. Fox, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. NevilM r. Vaughan, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Shackerlev, and all, that serve for the Counties

of Turk and Nottingham: And they are to meet at Five

a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Birmingham

Church.

Leave of absence.

(Villa

Eliate.

Mr. Archer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the building a Parish Church, and Parsonage House, and making a new Church-yard, and a new Parish, in Birmingham, in the County of , was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they haddirested him to report to the House: And lie read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were one read throughout, and then a Second time, one by once, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr Thompson have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oocalions.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the honourable William Cecill, Esquire, with others, to fell Lands, for the Payment ot several Debts, charged upon his Eliate by the Right honourable John Earl of Exeter, deceased, his late Father, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Neville, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Conyers, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Bacon, Sir Thomas Wheat, Mr. Wdlafton, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Paget, Mr. Denton, Sir John Whitwrong , Mr. Coxe, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Ba,' Sir John Alordaunt, Mr. Dolben, Sir Ri.Farrington, Mr. , Mr. Pou/teney, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Serjeant , Lord Wm. Pow/et, Sir Wm.Whitlock, Mr. Campion, Mr.

Mr. Serjeant Byrcb, Mr. Churchill, Sir Sir

Godfrey Copley, Mr. Stock dale. Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Ball, Sir. Hungerford, Mr. GaltMr. Vaughan, Sir Wm.

Withers, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Mr. Harley, Sir Gilb.

colt-, and all, that serve for the County And

they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

land, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Ball, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Hunger ford, Sir Wm.Withers, Mr. Frekc, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Gale, Sir Wm. A/lmrJl, Mr. Vaughan, Sir G. Heathcote,

Mr. Harley-, and ali for the Counties of Sufex, Southampton, and Middlesex:And they are to meet at hive

a Cluck this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, intended That all the Papers which have been laid before the I nvdlion uf House, relating to the intended Invasion in Scotland, be Scotland, printed;

The House divided:

The Years go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,{^.r GoJf'

(Mr. Freeman:

Tellers for the Noes Sir Wm' S

Idlers for the *<*s,£Colonel M

So it passed in the Negative.

| 86. j 164.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom prjviieg, of the Bill for preserving the Privileges of Ambassadors, Ambaflkdor*. and other Mmillers ot foreign Princes and States, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then aSeeondtime, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendments was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

Chaplain. Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Ad Jrels had been prelenred to her Majesty, That Ihe will be pleased to confer lonie Dignity in the Church upon Mr. Lawrence Broderick, Chaplain to this House; and Vo 1.. lf>.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Rooers:

u

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act u. Stafford'? for vesting in Trustees the Reverfioa of several Lands and Litute. Tenements, expvstant on Leases for Lives, the Eliate of Hugh Stafford, ot Pyues, in the County of Devon, Esquire, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and, by discharging

his Power of leafing, to secure other Lands, to come into Possession to his Son, in li-.u thereof, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preserving and enlarging the Harbour o

Q q hai

Whitehaven liar hour.

yen.

r I

Whitaker's Account with the Public.

Export of salt Provision from Scotland.

African

Trade.

Seamens

Wages.

Leave of Absence.

Foreign-bui

Ships.

I — 140 Mar tit. A. 1780.

haven, in the County of Cumberlaud, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, Yesterday made, in relation to Mr. Whitaker, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next

A Bill for ascertaining, and directing the Payment of the Allowances to be made for or upon the Exportation from Scotland, of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with foreign Salt, imported before the First of May, 1707, and for disposing such Salt, Hill remaining in the Hands of her Majesty’s Subjects there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill.

Smiths, Rope-makers, and all other Traders, depending upon the building of Ships at home* who must be driven to find Employments in foreign Countries: And praying Relief.

Ordered, that the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Reports from the Committee, to whom the Bills for making foreign-built Ships free Ships, are committed.

A Petition of the Corporation of Shipwrights, of Ro- Foreign-built therith, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the Ship*. House, and read; setting forth, that a Bill is passing this House, for the making free of several Dutch-bu\lt Ships, and others foreign-built; which, if passed into an Act, will not only be a manifest Hardship to the Petitioners, but a great Discouragement to all Builders, and Owners, of British Ships: And praying the Confederation of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bills for making foreign-built Ships free Ships, are committed.

Ek,

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Mr. Ward also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to moVe, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes within the Hamlets of the 'Tower of London, as well in behalf of their respective Parishes, as of many Thousand poor Families within the same (which was appointed to be heard at the Bar of the House upon Tuesday next) be referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House, in order to proceed on the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 140 die Martii; -

Anno 8* Annas Regins, 1708.

Prayers.

(ORDERED, That Sir Richard Farrington have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Merchantss, Mariners, and principal Inhabitants, of the ancient Town of in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Bills are already brought, and others ordered to be brought, into this House, for making free divers Ships built abroad: That the Petitioners; upon the Faith of the Act of Navigation, and several other Acts, have laid out their greatest Substance in building Ships at home, at much dearer Rates, than such Ships could be built abroad; . pray the Consideration of their Condition, and of the Shipwrights,

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom Granger’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Lliate. enable William Collins, Clerk, Thomas Parrott and William Day, Gentlemen, to dispose of certain Lands, for the Payment of the Debts of John Granger, and for making a Provision for the Widow, and younger Children, of Nicholas Granger, his late Father, deceased, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for veiling some Part of the Lands, Tenements, Powlett’* and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, included in Estate. the Marriage Settlement of the Right honourable the Lord William Powlet, in Trustees, to be sold, for the railing -Money to discharge an Incumbrance, fallen on the same by virtue of a Decree of the high Court of Chancery, and to establish and confirm an Agreement, made by the said Lord William Powlet with the Right honourable the Countess Dowager of Bridgewater, and the Executors of the

Duke of Bolton, deceased, relating to such Incumbrance, was (according to Order) read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton,

Sir John Holland, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Ne-vylle, Mr. Hillerfden, Sir Wm.Strickland, Mr. Chambers, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Mason, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Hampden, Sir Robert MarshamMr. Windham, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Gale, Mr. Stockdale, Mr.

Burrard, Mr. Bayley, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Austin, Mr.

Hucks, Mr. Norris, Mr. Bere, Sir Rufhout Culling, Mr.

Pocklington, Mr. Coward, Mr. Dolben, Mr. White, Sir Hen. Peachy, Colonel Stanly, Mr. Cecill, Sir Roger Bradjhaugh, Mr; Plumptrey Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr.

Jhaigh, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Clave I I, Mr.

Farrer, Mr. Sherard, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Lamb.

Blackwell, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Sanderson, Mr.

Medlycott, Sir Gib. Pickering, Sir Edward Lawrence,

Mr. Wilson, Mr. John Crew Offiey, Sir Jo. Whitwrong,

Mr. Crew Offiey, Mr. Denzil Onslow, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

Tho. Onslow, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Manwaring; and all that serve for the Counties of Yo and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making the River Kenn*t

Rennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the Coun- Navigation, ty of Berks, be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pierrepont'* for better establishing certain Charities of Charities,

was read a Second time.

Resolved,

8 Ann. 14 'Marin. 155

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran, of Estates in Trust, to make Conveyances of such Estates, make Masham, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Proby, Mr. Farrer, Mr. was read the First time. Conveyance*.

W>rtley Mount ague, Mr. Winnington, Lord William Refo That the Bill be read a Second time.

Powlet, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Gott, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Bayly,

Mr. Carneage, Sir William Huftler, Mr. Stanley, Mr. The House being informed, that Mr. (from the Processea

Hutchinson, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Gale, Mr. Chambers, Office of the Remembrancer in the Exchequer) attended, a8"inft Mr. Bacon, Sir Jeffr. Jeffreys, Sir Wm. Seawen, Mr. he was called in, and spurfuant to an Order) at the Bar, AccoutUanU‘ Cecil/, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Dolben, Sir Gilbert presented to the House, An Account of what Processes Dotben, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Shacker/ey, Mr. Cotton, has issued against: such as have not made up their Ac- Mr. Wyndkam, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Brewer, counts for Moneys, issued since the Commencement of Mr Neville, Mr Sheppard-, and all, that serve for the the present War.

Counties of Hereford and Somerset: And they are to And then he withdrew.

meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s And the Title of the said Account was read.

Chamber. The said Account is as follows,

Marquis of

Lindsey's

Estate.

>31

Offley's

Name.

Wymoodhao

Roads.

Harvey s WilJ.

How’s

Eituft.

A Bill for confirming to Robert, Marquis of Lindsey, Lord Great Chamberlain of England, and his Heirs, a House, and inclosed Fourth Part of the Park of Havering, in the County of EJJ'ex, in Recompence and Satisfaction of his Interests in the Office or Custody of the said House, and Park, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Coningsby, Mr. Laune, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Dolben, Mr.

Sander[on, Mr. Gott, Mr. Sherard, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Freeman, Sir Robert Marsham, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Richard Child, Mr. Topham, Mr. Proby, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Serjeant Sir John

jiubry, Mr. leavers, Mr. Gale, Colonel Morton, Mr. Bertie, Sir Wm. Ashurst, the Lord Willoughby, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Calthorpe, Sir Wm.Strickland, Mr. the Lord

Wm. Powlet, Mr. Gape, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr.

Peregrine Bertie, Mr. Cecil/, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Campion, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Lownds, Sir 1 ho. Willoughby, Sir

An Account of what Process has issued out of the Queen’s Remembrancer’s Office against such as have not made up their Accounts for Moneys issued since the Commencement of the present War.

DISTRINGAS against Sir Thomas Littleton, Baronet, the present Treasurer of the Navy, to render an Account from 31st October, 1701, to Christmas, 1704; on which the Sheriff hath returned no Issues.

The like against the Executors of Richard Povey, deceased, late Treasurer of the Sick and Wounded, to render an Account of the Money received by him, for the Service aforesaid, from Midsummer, 1704, to Midsummer, 1705; on which the Sheriff hat li returned no Issues.

The like against the Earl of , Paymaster of

the Forces, to render an Account from 24th December, 1701, to 24th December, 1702; on which the Sheriff

hath returned no Issues.

The like against the honourable Harry Mordaunt, Esquire, Treasurer of the Ordnance, to render an Account for the Money imprested to him, for the Service aforesaid.

Powys, Sir Tho. Parker, Mr. Wood, Mr. Secretary Boyle, from 30th June, 1705, to 30th June, 1707; on which Sir Jof. Jekell, Mr. Henley, Mr. Chancellor of the Ex- the Sheriff hath returned no Issues.

I am informed, these Accounts are stated, and lie before the principal Officers of her Majesty’s Ordnance, and will in a short Time be delivered.

The like, and also an Extent, against John Nutting,

chequer, Mr. Currance, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Phillips,

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Sambrooke, Sir John Haw/es, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Milborne\and all that serve for the Counties of

Lincoln, Middlesex, Essex, and Hertford: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Gentleman, late Treasurer of the Transports, to render an Chamber. Account, for £.7,957 12 imprested to him, on Account,

for transporting the Forces, and contingent Charges, on A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and which, and other Process, the said Mr. Nutting paid 654, Mr. Pitt: and Sir Stephen Evance, one of his Sureties, in discharge

Mr. Speaker, of his Bond, the Sum of 2,200, and England,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act another Surety, in discharge of his Bond, 2co, and to enable AnneOffley, Widow, and John Offley, Esquire, other Part of that Debt is fvnee paid, and new Security her Son, and Heir-apparent, to change their Surnames given, by Frederick Pryor, and Samuel Wood, to answer

from Offley to Crew, without any Amendments:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between and

Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk, and for including therein the Road leading from Wymondham to Hetherfett, over the Commons belonging to the said Towns, without any Amendments:

£. 1,600, in case so much be due on the Account.

Diflringas against Charles Esquire, Treasurer

of the Transporfs, to render an Account from nth January, 1705, to ilth January 1706; on which the Sheriff hath returned no Issues.

Diflringas against Rickard , Esquire, to render an Account for £.93,770, imprested to him out of the

Alio, the Lords have paflld a Bill, intituled, An Act Exchequer, for Payment of Malt Lottery Tickets; and for the better Performance of the Will of Stephen Harvey, Esquire, deceased, and making Provision for his Children; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

an Extent, for all the Money imprested to him for that Service, issued against him in Term, Anno gtio

Regime Antue; whereby several Malt Lottery Tickets, and Reversions of Annuities, were feiled, and a Venditioni exponas issued, to fell the lame; and £.223. 6s. id.

enable William Howe, of Somerton Early, in the County of arising (saving Poundage deducted) was paid

Somerset, Esquire, to fell the Manor and Farm of Gunvile EaJ'tbury, alias Tarrant Gunvile, in the County of Dorset, and several Meffunges, Lands, 'Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Gunvile Eastbury, alias Tarrant Gunvile, aforesaid, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments, of

into the Exchequer, and one Mr. Jenkins, one of his Sureties, by a distinct Bond, paid into the Exchequer £. 1,000, and a further Sum 90, recovered of one Mr. Finer, his Debtor, was likewise paid into the Exchequer, Poundage deducted; and several other Sums,

greater Value, to the same Uses, to which the said Manor by Process of the Court, have been recovered; and

Enablit, Infants to

>ling

and Premises in Gunvile Eastbury, alias Tarrant Gunvile,

now stand limited, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords

desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew:

A Bill to enable Guardians of Infants, who are seised Voi. 16.

thereby the Debt reduced, and stated by the Auditor, with a Balance resting due of £. 5,510. 3 Id.

Process hath not issued against the other Accomptants in Arrear, for such Money, by reason the Auditors of the Imprefts have respectively, before every Seal Day, certified, that their Accounts were ready for Declaration,

or

15 6 140 — is* Martii. . 1708.

or preparing for Declaration, and under their Examination accordingly.

12th March, 1708. Htn. Stevens.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Seamens

Wages.

A Petition of many principal Inhabitants of the honourable City of London, as well in behalf of themselves, as the generality of Tradesmen within the same, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they have for many Years last past, found the Decay of Trade; one principal Reason whereof is the present Manner of paying her Majesty’s Ships of War, and recalling the fame, viz. the paying the Seamen, that are on board such Ships, when they are ready to fail, and often under Sail; and at the same time, Matters of Apprentices, Creditors of Seamen, and Seamens Wives, have often been denied Admittance into the Ships; whereby several Hundred thousand Pounds are carried out of the Nation, and expended in foreign Parts; and many of her Majesty’s Ships of War have been taken, with great Sums on board, and thereby enriched the Enemy; and notwithstanding the Wages of those Persons, who have died in the Service, or been discharged, have not been paid till several Months after the Payment of such Ships, but left to Recall, which have been at Porfmouth, Chathamand even at;

which have obliged many Hundreds to attend at those Places several Months, at great Expence, to the great Discouragement to Seamen, whole Families reside about the said City, and several Hundred thousand Pounds Annum have been carried down to those Places, for Payment of Recalls, which might at less Charge been paid at the Pay Office, as formerly: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Redress.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes within the Hamlets of the Tower of London, as well in behalf of their respective Parishes, as of many thousand poor Families within the same, is referred.

Railing the Sir Wm. Huftler (according to Order) presented to the

Militia. House, a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1709,

although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not re-paid; and the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Whitaker's The Orders of the Day being read;

Accountwith The House resumed the adjourned Debate, relating to the Public. Mr EdivardWhitaker.

And the Report of the Commissioners of Accounts to the House of Commons, in the Year 1702, was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the Act of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act to oblige Edward Whitaker to account for such Sums of publick Money, as have been received by him; and that Sir John Whit wrong, Mr. Denton, Sir John Hawles, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Charles Hedges, Mr.

Farrer, and Mr. Freeman, do prepare, and bring in, the

Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed, and delivered to the Members of the House, before the Bill be read the First. time.

Sufferers at Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the Nevi» and St. whole House, to consider of the Report of the Lord High Christopher. Treasurer (made upon an Address to her Majesty the 18th Day of March, 1706) relating to the Lolfes of the People of Nevis and St.Christophers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame, ao

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Mallet’s. the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the wn’ Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with William Mallet, Esquire, as Surety for his Father, while Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol; and also the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General of the County of Suffolk.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bills, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve punishing a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mutiny and House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Defection. Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mutters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Spawns at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of "ages, the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes within the Hamlets of the Tower of London, as well in behalf of their respective Parishes, as of many thousand poor Families within the same; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart and Commercial William Murray, Merchants, be taken into Consideration Intercourse upon this Day Seven-night. Scotland

Ordered, That Sir RufhoutCullen, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Insolvent Bertie, Mr. Churchill, be added to the Committee, to Debtors., whom the Bill for the Eale of insolvent Debtors, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 1 50 die Martii;

Anno 8* Ann* Regin*, 1708.

Prayers. ‘

A PETITION of the Matters, and Owners, of Foreign built Ships and Vdfels in Ipswich, in the County of Ships. Suffolk, on behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants,' was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that several Bills being already brought, and others ordered to be brought into this honourable House, for making free divers Ships built abroad; that the Petitioners, upon the Faith of the Act of Navigation, and several other Acts of Parliament, have laid out the greatest Part of their Substance in building Ships at home, at much dearer Rates, than such Ships could be built abroad, find themselves obliged to pray the Consideration of the House, and of the Shipwrights, Smiths, Rope-makers, any many other Traders, depending upon the building of Ships at Home: And praying the Compassion of this House, and Relief against tins growing Evil.

Ordered, That: the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Reports from the Committees, to* whom the Bills for making foreign-built Ships free Ships, are committed.

A Petition

Mo

CUh

IB*

;*ia

4

8 Ann.

i 5° Martii.

*57

X

Earl of

ClatiricarcTs

Estate.

A Petition of Peter Davis, in behalf of himself, and The House being informed, that there are printed Pa- Privilege-Seventeen other Creditors of William late Earl of Clan- pers, or Tickets, dispersed, signed, John Dennis, and inciting Per-ricard, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; Aaron inciting Persons to appear in great Num-

setting forth, that in October, 1687, the said Earl made bers in the Court of Request at Westminster, upon House.

his Will, and charged all his Estate with the Payment of Occasion of the hearing the Petition of the Ministers, his Debts, and made his With Executrix thereof, and Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal soon after died: That in 1694 the Petitioners, being Inhabitants, of the Parishes within the Hamlets of the Tradesmen of Dublin, and having several small Debts Tower of London, as well in behalf of their respective owing to them for Goods, fold and delivered to the said Parishes, as of many Thousand poor Families within the Earl, in his Life-time, exhibited their Bill in the Exche- fame, at the Bar of this House;

quer in Ireland, against the Countels Dowager, Thomas Ord, That the said John , and Aaron Lamb, Bowrke, Ekjuire, her Iiuiband, Richard Earl of Clanricard, be summoned by the Serjeant at Arms to attend this her eldest Son, and got a Decree for their respective House Tomorrow Morning.

Debts, amounting to £.1,264. 19s. 9 d.to be raised

out of all the Ellate, except the said Countess’s Jointure: A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and

That in May, 1695, the Petitioners were put into Posses- Sir Richard Hol/ord: lion, and received £. to and no more: That a Bill is Mr. Speaker,

now passing this honourable House, for rc-vesting the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mauchester Estate in the said John Bourk (now Earl of Clanricard) for building a Church, or Chapel, in the Town of Man- Church or

by which the Petitioners will be put to great Difficulties chester, without any Amendments: pe'

to get their Debts, amounting to £.4,000. And praying Alio, the Lords have paised a Bill, intituled, An Act Reverting the Moneys, due to them, may be raised by Sale, or for the Reversal of the Outlawry of Elianor Bagot, the Bagot’s

Mortgage, of a competent Part of the said Estate, or Wife of John Bagot; to which they desire the Concur- Outlawry.

other Provision made for their Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed.

Handafvde’s, The Lord If':'Ham Rowlett reported from the Cornier I’.egi- mittee, <o whom the Bill for the Relief of the non-menu. commiULned Officers, and Soldiers, of the respective Companies of the Three Regiments of Colonel Thomas HatulafyJc , Colonel John and Lieutenant General

Thomas Erie, is committed; that they had made several

rence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from th? Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Trade to Africa, be received upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock.

African

Trade.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Punifoing whole House, to consider further of the Bill lor punish- Mutiny and ing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the Desertion‘

Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question fevc-rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Ciaule being offered, to be added to the Bill, That all Debentures flndl be deemed and taken to be as

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Topham took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Topham reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday

beneficial to the said Non-commission Officers, and Soldiers, of the said Regiments, and independent Com- Morning next, panies, as if the same had been issued before the 25th Day of December, 1701; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Sufferers at

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said wfw,e House, to whom the RePort of the L°fJ High "d Qau;c . Treasurer (made upon an Address to her Majesty the

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday Eighteenth Day of March, 1706) relating to the Losses p ,rfc

of the People of Nevis and Saint Christopbers, was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Morning next.

Frauds in

Stamp

IJatiei.

Ordered, That Mr. Laufon, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Tre- Reverting denham, Mr. Huston, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Methwyn, and Lord Slane’a all the Gentlemen of the long Robe, be added to the Attainder. Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to reverse the Oudawry and Attainder of Chrifopher Lord Baron of Mane, in ', is committed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Pock ling ton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for redrelfing, and preventing, several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty’s Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Picas at Westminster, was re-committed; that they had made several Amendments

to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to r,

the House: And he read the same in his Place, and Sir Earl of

afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where ^hy//, Mr Wood, Mr. Coyer, Mr r. Coven- Clanricard.

they were once read throughout, and then a Second Moor, Colonel Godfrey, be added to the a

time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the xsarl thereupon (with Ibme Amendments to some of them) C lately called of the King-agreed unto by the House. dom of , in relation to his Estate in Ireland, is

And a CJauie being offered, to be added to the Bill, committed.

Thai the Com mi Hioners, appointed to manage the said

Duties, shalJ, on behalf of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, exhibit Bills, in any Court of Equity, against any Attorney, or other Person concerned, for Discovery of any Frauds relating to the said Duties;

The same was once read.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Clause;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 16.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine a Clock.

Rr

: i

Harveys

Will.

Relief of

French

Regiments,

Debtors

Petition.

Howes

Estate.

Morifon's

Haven.

Barckley Castle, &c. Miips,

158 16" Martii. A. 1708.

Mercurit) i6° die Mart it;

Anno 8* Ann* Reginae, 1708.

Pr ayeRs.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Performance of the Will of Stephen Harvey, Esquire, deceased, and making Provision for his Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the State of the Account? of the Pay of the Three French Regiments of Foot, that served in the last War.

And the said State was read:

And the same is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Regiments, according to the said State} and that Sir Francis Masham, Mr. Mr.

Fairer, Lord Comingsby, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners, insolvent Debtors, now in the Sheriff’s Ward within the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that they are in a most miserable and deplorable Condition, and their Families ready to starve at their several Habitations; so that, without some speedy Relief and Assistance, they must inevitably perish: And praying, their deplorable same may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Howe, of Somerton Early, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, to fell the Manor and Farm of Gunvile Eastbury, alids Tarrant Gunvile, in the County of Dorset, and several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Gunvile E alias Tarrant Gunvile, aforesaid, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, to the same Uses, to which the said Manor and Premises in Gunvile Eastbury, alias Tarrant Gunvile, now Hand limited, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and improving of Morifon's Haven, and the Fort there, in the Shire of East Lothian, alias Hadingtown, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, For repairing the Light-house.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 36. After " Harbour" to insert " it would " tend to the great Advantage of the Kingdom."

Pr. 5. L. To leave out " intended," and insert " intented."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for repairing and improving of Morifon's Haven, and the Fort there, in the Shire of East Lothian, alias Hadingtown.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Ships, the Barckley Castle and James of Montross, free Ships, was committal, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Friends whom the Bill for making the Ships, called the Friends Goodwill, Goodwill and Experiment (both D*/r/;-built) free Ships of &c- Sb*P»‘ Great Britain, was committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Mallet's Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Debt 10 d* enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Crovra* Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with William Mallet, Esquire, as Surety for his Father, while Receiver General for the County of

Somerset, and City of Bristol, and also the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain to compound, with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General of the County of Suffolk, were committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bills, which, they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Tabic} where the Amendments to the Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with William Mallet, Esquire, as Surety for his Father, while Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Then the Amendments to the Bill to impower the p^y.. Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain to compound with Debt to tb« the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver Crown. General of the County of Suffolk, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Sufferers at whole House, to whom the Report of the Lord High Nevis and Treasurer (made upon an Address to her Majesty the s5*ctrlfto* Eighteenth Day of March, 1706) relating to the Loftes p ers* of the People of Nevis and St. Christophers, was referred, be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of divers Merchants and Traders in and Insolvent about the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and Debtor*, divers others, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Eale of insolvent Debtors, is committed, have made some Amendments thereto, which, they conceive, will be highly prejudicial to them, and to Trade in General: And praying to be heard by themselves, or Counsel, touching the Matters aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Report be made from the said Committee; and that the feme be then taken into Consideration.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act Foreign Pro-for the Naturalization of foreign Protestants, without Nat.

any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for preserving the Pf ivileges of Am- Privileges of bafiadors, and other Ministers of foreign Princes and Ambaffadow. States, waa read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be.

An Act for preserving the Privileges, of Ambassadors, and other publick Ministers of foreign Princes and States.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

15 The

StSip

ja&ifc

liMll

Ei,

ifa,

'33.

‘(I

1

1

*1

v.

J

8 Ann.

i6a — i*f Martiu

*59

F

OiMlk

lie. >u

to:«

'rbt lu ti| ;jwd.

Frauds io

Stamp

Duties,

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Clauft} offered to be added to the Bill for xcdrdfing, and preventing, several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty’s Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Picas at West-neafler, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege-. The House being informed, that Dennis and Jane inciting Per- Lamb attended, according to Order; they were catted in,

fonttoaffcm- and examined touching the printed Papers, or Tickets, Hoofc.0* complained of Yesterday.

And the said Paper was read, and is as follows; viz.

Sir,

YOU are desired to meet divers other Gentlemen

deeeaieck relating to the said fnotfitibtanCe, Was

committed.

And then the House accounted till To-dmdow Morning, Nine a Clock.

yo%tis, dk Martii 5

Anno 8* Ann* Regime, 17081 PftAT BBS.

AN ingrossed Bill frtim the Lords, intituled, An Act for veffing the Efate of Hay don, Efijuire

deceased, lying in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts, wherewith it of the tower Hamlets, with so many of the principal Hands incumbered, and settling the Overplus to the Uses Inhabitants of your Parish, at you shall think fit, on in his Marriage Settlement limited ana declared, was Tutfdty Morning next, being the 15th Infant, at Nine read a Second time.

of the Clock in the Forenoon, at the Court of Requefb Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir in Westminster, your Petition being then to be heard at Young, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Drake, Sir John Mortise Bar of the honourable House of Commons. daunt, Mr. Sir Sir Gilbert

The Knights of the Shire expect a handsome Appear- Do!ben, Mr. Archer, Mr. Pocklington, Mr Mr*

Bfll_

HtfJlMrv

fLidfeL

UWWI

ja

ance, to countenance the lame.

We are your humble Servants,

March 1 ath, John Dennis,

170S. Aaron Lamb.

And Dennis owned his signing it, and directing the printing of it.

And Lamb owned his Hand j but laid, there was a Clause added afterwards.

And then they withdrew*

Same* And then the House (according to Order) resolved it- noon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

W»gca. selfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Over-seers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes within the Hamlets of the Tower oh London, as well in behalf of their respective Parish cs, as of many thousand poor Families within the lame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the Stockland, Mr. Sir Wm. Huftler , Mr. Topham,

lame. Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Farrer, Mr. , Mr. Pa-

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow get, Sir Thomas Webster, Mr. Campion, Mr. Sherwin, Morning. Mr. Cox, Mr. Prise, Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Mr.

Atmejley; and all the Merchants, and all, that lerve for Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning London, and the Sea-ports: And they are to meet this next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, to consider further of Ways and Means for fading the

Supply granted to her Majesty. A Petition of divers Sail-makers in and about the

City of London, as well io behalf of themselves, as all Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning others of the said Trade, was presented to the House, nfcxt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and read; setting forth, that several Perlbos are endea-upon the Bill for ascertaining, and directing the Payment vouring to get an Act of Parliament, to make foreign of, the Allowances, to be nude for or upon the Expor- Ships free of this Nation; which will tend to the Preju-tation, from Scotland, of Kith, Beef, and Pork, cured with dice of the fame, deprive her Majesty of several thou-foreign Salt, imported before the First of May, 1707, land Pounds/>er Annum for Duties on Sail-cloth imported, and for difix»sing such Salt, ft ill remaining in the Hands and ruin many Families, who are now employed in the

~C L_C..U.A. .1__________* j -j- j _ j_ - . I r^.rt_ _ r.i.n /.

Docminie, Mr. Hampden, Sir Roger HiU, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Page, Mr. Churchill, Lord Conning sly, Mr.

Mr. Cecil), Mr. Shacker/ey, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, Sir Ro-

bert Edon, Mr. Swinjen, Mr. Ferrier, Colonel More-ton, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Sheppard,

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Farrer, Sir Fran.

Sir Richard Farrington, Major Churchill, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Ogle thorp. Sir Tho. Webster Sir Wm. Seamen, Mr. Palmes; and all, that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Alter*

A Bill for making the Ship Francis and Samuel Francis and (foreign-built) a free Ship of Great Britain, was read a. SamueI, Shij»> Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mori-Jon, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Ellis, Colonel Moreton, Mr.

Gale, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Wymt,

Mr. Gott, Sir Wm. Drake, Lord W Sir Robert

Marsham, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Neville, Mr. Payne,

Sir Robert Edon, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Mr. Bromley, Sif Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Swi/Jen, Mr, Sir Wm.

Ways ted Means.

Export of Salt Provisions from Scotland.

Foreign-built Sh

of her Majesty’s Subjects there.

Potlett's

Ellate.

laid Trade: And praying the Confederation of the House, and such Remedy, as may prevent so great an Evil.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Reports be made from the Committees, to whom the said Bills are committed.

Ordered, That the said Reports be received in a full House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Crew Offey, Mr. Crew Offiey,

Mr. Denz. Onslow, Mr. Thomas Onslow, Mr. Mamt farc-

ing, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Peyton, he addict! to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the veiling some Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, included in the Marriage Settlement of the

Right honourable the Lord Wm. Powlet, in Trustees, _

to be sold, for the railing Money to discharge an locum- Parsonage House, and making a~new Church-yard, and branee, fallen ou the same by virtue of a Decree in the a new Parish, in Birmingham, was read the Third rime.. High Court of Chancery', and to establish and confirm an Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. Agreement, made by the said Lord William Powlet An Act for building a Parish Church, and Parsonage1-

An ingrossed Bill for building a Parish Church, and Birmingham

Church.

with the Right honourable the Counted Dowager of Bridgwater, and the Executors of the late Duke of Vox.. 16.

house, and making a new Church-yard!, and' a new Parish , in Birmingham, is the County of Warwick.

Ordered,

i6o

17* Martii.

A. 1708.

Patron* Eights to Advowsons.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to preserve the Rights of Patrons to Advowsons; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

French

Wines

The House being informed, That a Person attended b htfrum from ^e Commissioners of the Customs, he was called wwi* in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfcant to * their Order,

An Account of French Wines, brought from Scotland to England in the Year 1707, which paid the London Duty; and also,

An Account of French Wines, brought from Scotland to England in the Year 1707, which were discharged by Noli fro/equi; and also,

An Account of Wines, imported from Portugal in the Year 1706, 1707, and 1708.

' And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

' An Account of the Quantity of French Wi nes, brou ght from Scotland to the Port of London, which paid the London Duty, from the ift of NLay, 1707, to Christmas following.

Custom-house., London, Tuns. Gallons.

4th March, 1708. 71 6s

Ex4 Cha. Mein.

Custom-house, London, 4th March 1708.

I do hereby certify, that the French Wine, imported from North Britain, which was under Seizure and Prosecution in her Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, and afterwards discharged by Noli amounts to Seven

hundred and Fifteen Tuns, Three Quarters, One half

m

Hogshead, One-third of a HogQiead, and Six Gallons.

J. Bridges.

AnACCOUNT, shewing the Quantities of Wines, imported from Portugal between the 15th Day of,

1705, and the 25th Day of December, 1708.

=i

From Christmas, 1705, to Christmas, 1706. t From Christmas, 1706, to Christmas, 1707. From Christmas, 1707, to Christmas, 170S. Total*.

Tuns. TJ -C Gallons. Tuns. -d Gallons. Tuns. -6 Gallons. Tun* T3 -C Gallons.

X X X

- . 7 >57 8 261 8,900 — 4* 8,917 571 25.396 6ii

- - 18 1 37* 232 2 361 4 I 9 255 1 20

- — 3 33 7 2 12 — I 47* 8 3 39*

Woollen

Cloth

Manufacture.

Seamen’i

Wages.

Frauds in

Stamp

Duties.

'W'vcA.lSpanish

' Custom-house, London,

Inspector General’s Office,

26th February, *7°t-

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the Manufacture of the broad Woollen Cloths, in relation to the Lengths and Breadths, and what may otherwise be advantageous to that Manufacture, was committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes within the Hamlets of the Tower of Lo, as well in behalf of their, respective Parishes, as of many thousand poor Families within the same, was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Clause, offered to the Bill forredreffing, and preventing, several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty’s

Charles Davenant.

ham and Harwich, and to ascertain the Values of the fame; and the Bill was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Clause, Handafyde'i, offered to the Bill for the Relief of the non-commissioned &c- Ke8‘* Officers, and Soldiers, of the respective Companies of ment8’ the Three Regiments of Colonel Thomas Co-

lonel John Ltvefay, and Lieutenant General Thomas Erl, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ward (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Trade to Africa, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trade to Africa is very advantageous to Great Britain, and necessary to the Plantations thereunto ber longing.

~ , it-.I di-. , - - , Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and he Trade ought to to all her Majelys Stlb.

regulating the Clerkt, and Attorneys of the Courts of in , ,atfd Company, under such Rules and

S,.feACh f "4? " , Provisions, as may be for the Preservation of the said

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read Trad and maintaining such forts and Ca(l|eSj m

necessary for that rurpole.

African

Trade.

Fortifying Portsafouth &c. Har- boars.

a Second time.

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for inspecting publick Books.

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks being filled up; the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

‘ Mr. Attorney General presented to the House (according-'to Order) a Bill for nominating and empowering Commissioners, to make Surveys of Lands and Tenements, which are proper to be purchased, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours of Portsmouth,

n

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente , That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Trade to Africa is very advantageous to Great Britain, and necessary to the Plantations thereunto belonging.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Dolben, Lord Pow/et, Mr. Heysham, Sir Gilbert Heatkcot, Mr.

Mr. Poultney, Mr. Monflon, and Sir William Withers, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr.

1

8 Ann.

i 70 — 18° Martii.

t6i

Ptanshing

Mutiny and Defer turn*

Mr. I’opham (according to Order) reported from the of them) were, upon the Question severally put there*

Committee, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and upon, agreed Unto by the House.

Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That of the Army, and Quarters, was committed, the Amend- her Majesty may issue out Warrants, for paying Colonel ments, they had directed him to report to the House; James Jones's Regiment what shall remain due to them, and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards deli- notwithstanding the want of Muster-rolls for the said vered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same Regiment.

were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question

by one, as far as the Amendment Fol. 35. L. 17; and put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made the same were, upon the Question ItveraJly put there- Part of the Bill.

upon, agreed unto by the House. Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

The Amendment, Fol. 35. L. 17, being read a Second That no Officer of the Army shall exact or receive any time, is as follows; viz. Money, or Promise of such, for excultng the Absence,

Fol. 35. L. 17, after "Owner" to inlert, "And or discharging, of any Persons lifted into the Service, on " whereas the respective Sums of Money, by this Act Pain of

" appointed- to be paid to the Constables by the Officer And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the * demanding such Carriages, are not in many Cafes suffi- Clause amended, and the Blanks filled up.

" cient to arrlwer the Charges and Expences of providing And a Motion being made, and the Question being " the lame, inso much that the Constables are frequently put. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill:

" at great Charges, over and above what is received by It passed in the Negative.

" them of the said Officer, to the great Burthen of the _ Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be " Township, of which he is Constable, orclle the Persons, ingrossed. performing such Carriages, are grievously oppressed;

for Remedy whereof, and that the said Overplus Charge 4‘ may be borne by each County or Riding, at the general Charge of such County, or Riding, be it further " enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Treasurer " or Treahirers of each respective County, or Riding, " shall, without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Con- liable or Constables all and every such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by him or them paid or laid out * for such Carriages, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer, requiring such Carriages, out of the publick Stock of such Couory, or " Ridrng, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules, or " Directions, as the Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Sessions assembled, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall, from time to time, during the Continuance of this Act, make, direct, or appoint (which " Orders shall be made out without Fee or Reward)

" Regard being al ways had to the Season of the Year, and " the Length and Condition of the Ways, by and through " which such Carriages are to travel. And in case the '* laid publick Stock of the County, or Riding, be not " sufficient (over and above the other Purposes, for which " it w.'s raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charges of " Carriages before-mentioned, it is hereby further enacted,

" that the said Justices of Peace, in the General Quarter

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V eneris, 18# die Martii;

Anno 8* Anns Regina:, 1708.

Praters.

MR. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that he Arrears of was directed by her Majesty to Jay before this House, a Memorial of Monsieur s, of the 8th men

of March instant, upon Mr. Hallungs Petition, and the Declaration of several Officers, relating to the Arrears due to the Thirteen Dutch Regiments.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Title thereof was read.

And the said Memorial, and Mr. s Petition,

are as follow; viz.

Madam,

THE underwritten Envoy Extraordinary from the Stales of the United Provinces having examined the Petition of Monsieur Hallungius, hereto annexed, finds Contents thereof to be conformable to the Orders,

the _______

Sessions, shall have Power, from time to time, to raile which he has received from their High and Mightinesse, " Money upon their respective Counties, or Ridings, in and to the Letter, which they did themselves the Honour " such Manner, as they now raile Money for County to write to your Majesty, upon that Subject, to which the " Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary underwritten Envoy takes the Liberty to refer himself; " Charge of Carriage. Provided always, and be it fur- humbly desiring, by virtue of the said Orders, and in the " ther enacted, that no Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Car- Name of their High and Mightinesse, that your ria^e, impressed by the Authority of this Act, shall be Majesty will be pleased, according to your Justice, and " liable or obliged, by virtue of this Act, to carry above natural Goodness, to give such Directions, that the Sub* u Twenty hundred Weight; any thing in this Act con- jests of the said States may obtain a favourable End of

what they desire, pursuant to the said Petition.

Subscribed,

M. Van

" rained to the contrary notwithstanding. And be it " further enacted, that the Carriages for the Service of " the Forces, quartered in Scotland, shall be provided in " like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Furnifher of " such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the " Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of the Union." And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the first Part of the said Amendment, viz. as far as Provided always; "

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller for *’

Tel'm for the Noes,;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Dated London, TVth of March, 170-g-.

1

38.

12.

And the said Clause was also agreed upon.

And the Residue of the said Amendments were severally read a Second time, and (with Amendments to some " by Sale of the forfeited Estates, Voi. 16. Sf

To the Queen of Great

The humble Petition of John Hallungius, in behalf of the Thirteen Dutch Regiments, still in Arrear for their Service in the late War,

Humbly Iheweth,

THAT, by your Majesty's most gracious Direct ion, the Accounts of the said Thirteen Dutch Regiments were laid before your Parliament the last Session; where it appeared, by a Vote of the honourable House of Commons, of the 27th of March last, that there was due to the said Thirteen Dutch Regiments the Sum 0 112,666.

1 r. 9 id.

That by an Act of Parliament, passed in the rtth Year of King William the Third (of glorious Memory) intituled, "An Act for grafting an Aid to his Majesty,

it was enacted, that

4

I fra

18* Martii.

A. 1708.

that all the Arrears for thd Atrhy, and Transyort Ser- able the Countess Dowager of Bridgwater, and the Exe-vice, in the late War, (hnuld be paid by Debentures out cutors of the Duke of deceased, relating to such

of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, Incumbrance, was committed; that they had examined

That the abovesaid Thirteen Dutch Regiments have the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; had the Misfortune to meet with great Difficulties in the and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents Rating of their Accounts, by which the Payment of their to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except

just Arrears till hitherto have been delayed; but this Obstruction being how by your Majesty’s Goodness removed, and the above-mentioned Debt by your Parliament acknowleged, your Petitioner most humbly prays, in the Nathe of the abovelhid Thirteen Dutch Regiments, that your Majesty will be pteased effectually and finally to recommend to your Parliament, that thde so (uttering

John Lame, who did not appear, and therefore the Committee had left his Name out of the petitioning and enacting Part of the Bill; and that the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read

-Regiments may receive an equal Payment in Army throughput, and then a Second time, one by one, and.

Debentures, as all other your Majesty’s Force® have received JoAgfince. And whereas, by the act>resaid Vote, the Sum of £. 14,31 u 4a. ±\d, for Poundage, and one Day’s Pay, for the Year 16B9, has been excepted; your Petitioned presumes most humbly to offer to your Majesty the annexed Certificate of such General amd other Officers, employed with tfaech in the same Expedition; by which it appeared, that no such Deduction has been made, nor demanded, from the Dutch Troops for that Time: Tfietetbfe the said Thirteen Duteh Regiments most humbly submit their same to your Majesty’s Equity and Justice, under the allured Hopes, that your Majesty will be pleased, in Companion to the Wtdow and Fatherless, to recommend to the Parliament, that no such Deduction be now made upon them.especially fmee they have waited so many Years for their Arrears.

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto 4sy the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Kents and Profits of the Preroifies, vested in the Trustees, growing due before the Day of

should be received by the Lord

Powlett.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the same being filled up; the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotied.

Sir Gilbert Elliott reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Ib mas Gardner, and others, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they

Be'

Luit

Interest on Rice’s Debentures-

Ms'

hue,

Supply.

And your Petitioner, as in Duty bound, shall ever had directed him to report to the House; and he read

the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table , where the same was read, and is as follows;

That the Committee met several times; and, upon Examination of the Matters contained in the said Petition,

It Appeared, that the several Debentures, produced to this Committee, were duly claimed before the Commis-

pray.

J.

Ordered, That the said Memorial be taken into Consideration upon tutfday Morning next.

Rtffofaed, Th4t this House will, upon Monday Morn-4Vig rfext, ftfolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole

H ’use, to consider further of thfe Supply granted to her 'sioners, appointed by her Majesty to make Enquiry of Majesty. ——

Eadof Offered, That the Report From the Committee, to

Clanrickard’s whom the Bill for the Relief of the Earl of Eliate* (lately called Lord Bophin) of the Kingdom of Ireland, in relation to his Eftare in was committed, be

received upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Reverting An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bagot’s Out- 'for the Reversal of the Outlawry of Elianor Bagot, the

lawry. "

"Wife of John Bagot, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Commissioncfj Mr. Conyers presented to the House (according to cl Sewers. Order) a Bill for rendering more fcffefttial the Laws, concerning Comnviflrorrers of Sewers; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Debtors A Petition of the poor Prison, now confined in the Reutiou. common Gaol for the County of Radnor, for Debt, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they are poor, and ready to perish, and hot able to pay their Debts, having heither real or person.il . tolatisfy their Creditors: And praying, to have ‘an Act of Grace for their Enlargement.

Ordered, That the Gohsideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom ‘the laid f Bill is committed.

» Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom Eiiute. the Bill for vetting feme Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, included in the Marriage Settlement of the Right honourable the Lord William Powlel, in Trustees, to be sold, for the railing Money to discharge an Incumbrance, fallen on the l)ad directed him to report to the House: And he read same by virtue of a Decree of the High Court of Chan- them in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at eery, and to establish and confirm an Agreement, made the Clerk’s Table; where they were read, and are as by the said Lord William Powlet with thettighthonour- follow; ,

‘W.ly

the Eftafte of John Rice, in whose Name the said Debentures were issued; and that the Petitioners paid a valuable Consideration for the fame, within the Time limited by an Act of Parliament, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for fub-jesting the Person and Estate of John Rice, in England, or Ireland, to the Queen.

That the Committee conceive, that the Debentures, now in the Hands of the said Petitioners, claimed before the said Commissioners, and so reported by them, are duly in titled to their Principal and Interest, equal to other Debentures: And the Register and Paymaster of -the said Debentures, attending this Committee, acquainted them, that there was Money in his Hands, for Payment of the Interest of the Debentures, -claimed by the Petitioners; and that he only waited the Directiort of the House, for applying the feme.

Resolved, That the Debentures, claimed from Colonel John Rite, and which have been examined and signed by

the Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament to examine the fame, ought to carry Interest, as other Debentures.

Mr. Hampden reported from 'the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes within the Hamlets of the ITower of London, as well in bdhalf of their respective Parishes, as of many thousand poor Families within the lame, was referred; that they had heard the Petitioners Counsel, and examined several Witnesses, touching the Matters of the said Petition; and that thereupon the Committee had come to several-Resolutions, which they

:3v»

Seamen*

Wage*

s

t.

h

d

e;

is >t ie

d

d

r

d

j

1

8 Ann.

i 8"

163

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making the River E*nm?t That timely and sufficient Notice be given at the Navy Kensut navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the Office, and at the Pay Office, in the Gazette, and on County of be read the Third time upon Thursday boaid the Ships of War, of the Time and Place, where Morning next.

such Ships are to be paid off - - - - A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair, so that the House might reloive it&Jf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That due Care be taken, at the Pay of Ships, that the Seamen may have Opportunities of applying their Money to the Support of their Families, and Payment of their just Debts.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill foe regulating the Payment of Seamen's Wages; and that Mr. Hampden, Mr. Feet, Mr. Tho. Onslow, Mr. Dolben, Mr. hartley, Mr. Puultruy, and Mr. Barker, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Way* and Means.

TCenfoMhcY Tellers for the Noes,

}u.

j9o.

Mr.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Ho/ford the whole House, to consider further of Ways and

Elyt’s

Eilat*.

and Mr.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John E/ye, Esquire, to raise Moneys out of his Eltute, to pay his Debts, and for settling the Residue

Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tueflay Morning Export of next, resolve itfeJf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining, and directing the Pay- Scotland.

r'. .1 ,

.C* -'. < Lb

BoIKV

£4Ufte«

thereof, together with the Estate of Elizabeth, his Wife, ent Allowances to be made for or upon the

to the Lies intended by his Marriage Si-ttleme.-t; to Exportation, from of Filb, Beef) and Pork,

which they desire the Concurrence of this House: c1u,e'1 w,th fors'£n Salt, imported before the F.rft of

And a.'lo, the Lords have nailed a Bill, intituled, An May, 1707, and for disposing such Salt, as is ftUI remain-Act for the Payment of the Debts of Sir John Bolles, ,nf> ,n ^anc^s of her Majesty s Subjects there. Baronet, a Lunatick , to which they desire the Concur-

rence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Whitalrr’s Mr. Denton prefen ted to the House (according to Awwimwiih Order) a Bill to explain the Act of the First Year of Puliick. ^cr MdjeRy’s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige

IVbitaker to account for such Sums of publick Money, as have been received by him.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

at

Nfvis an- St rbrifto-pkeis.

Mr. Farm reported from the Committee of the whole Jlouie, to whole Consideration the Report of the Lord High Treasurer (made upon an Addressto her Majesty the Eighteenth Day of March, 1706) relating to the Lasses

of the People of Nevis and St. Crifiophers, was referred,

the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House ;which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as fojiow:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Th u it does appear, that the Lo/Tes which have been sustained by the Inhabitants of Nevis and St. Crifiuphers, by the late (nvofion by the French, doth amount to

upwards of Three hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Esquire, as Surety for his Father, while Receiver General That it will be for the Advantage of the Trade of Great for the County of Somerset, and City of was read

Britain, that the Inhabitants of the said Islands be enabled the Third time.

to resettle there. Resolved, That the Bill do pali; and that the Title

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second be, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer of time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time agreed unto by the House. being, to compound with , Esquire, as

And a Motion befog made, and the Question being Surety for his Father, while Receiver General for the put. That a Supply be granted to her Majesty, to enable County of and City of Bristol.

the Inhabitants of the I Hands of Nevis and St. Christo- Ordered, That Mr. Parrer do carry the Bill to the fhers to resettle -there.; Lords, and delirc their Concurrence thereunto,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Patron* . to preserve the Rights of Patrons to Advowsons, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second ijme upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill to enable the Guardians of Infants, who are Enabling seised of Estates in Trust, to make Conveyances of such ,n(ants w Estates, was read the Second rime. mcm"*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed (o Mr. Farrer, ' Mr. Vernon, Mr. Nicho.l, Sir John Haw let, Mr. Compton,

Sir fVm. Strickland, Sir Johnfiwbry, Mr. IVilJ, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chambers, Sif Fran. Nlasham, Mr. Mr.son, the Lord Mr.

Nevill, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Ireton. Sir Walter Ycungc,

Sir fVm. Drake, Mr. Harris, Sir fVm. Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Topham, Mr. Mr. pefjm-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Cnamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Lord High Treasurer Malct’s of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for Debt to the the Time being, to compound with William Malet, Crowa-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve.itfejf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

African

Trade.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the Lord High Trea- Pacey'a Jurer of Great Britain to compound with the Sureties ^ebl to of Samuel Pescey, deceased, late Receiver General of the Crown‘ Ordered, That Mr. Thrnat Onslow, Mr. Hampden, Mr. County of Suffolk, was read the Third time.

Nevill, Sir Thomas Johnson, and Mr. Norris, be added to Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great upon the Resolutions, agreed unto by the House, re- Britain to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, lating to the Trade to Africa. deceased, late Receiver General of the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the The Orders of the Day being read; Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Vo 1. 16. Aa

G

sml

oogte

18° — 190 MartiL

A. 1708.

Ptnne’t

Mate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act N Mr. Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Niccolls, Mr. for further enabling George Penne, Esquire, to fell Lands, D Mr. Wynne; and all, that serve for the for Payment of his Debts, by enlarging aTruft for that Counties of Surrey, Kent, London, and

Purpose, contained in a former Act, intituled, An Act for And they are to meet at Five a Clock this

enabling George Penne, Esquire, to fell Lands, for the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time. A Petition of the poor Prisoners, confined for Debt

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, and Damages in her Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Pr. 10. L. 14, before "as" to insert " so." Essex, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, forth, that the greatest Part of them have lived in good

Debtors

Petition

agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill,

pass.

Ordered, That Sir Richard How do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Credit and Reputation in the said County; but through with the Amendment, dp great Losses, Decay of Trade, and other Casualties, are

reduced: And praying the Confederation of the House, and that they may be released from their Confinement, under such Limitations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed.

Granger i Estate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Collins, Clerk, ‘Thomas Pan at, and William Day, Gentlemen, to dispose of certain Lands,

Gay'*

Elute.

Sir Francis Masham (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the Relief of the three French for the Payment of the Debts of John Granger, and for Regiments of Foot, formerly under the Command of making a Provision for the Widow, and younger Chil- Major General le Mellionierc, Brigader Belcastle, and the dren, of Nicholas Granger, his late Father, deceased, was Earl of Lifford; and the same was received, and read the read the Third time. First time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Wednesday next, at Twelve a Clock, to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in-Sir Francis Masham reported from the Committee, to tituled, An Act for the better Performance of the Will whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An of Stephen Harvey, Esquire, deceased, and making Pro-Act for vesting the Site, capital Messuage, or Farm, of vision for his Children, be now read a Second time, the Manor of South Stoke, and Lands thereunto belong- The Bill was read a Second time accordingly,

ing, in the County of Somerset, late the Ettate of John Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Farrer,

Gay, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Mr. Pocklington, Lord Wm. Powlet. Sir Edward Ernley, the speedier Payment of his Debts, and better Perform- Lord Conningsby, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir ance of the Trust* therein mentioned, was committed j Robert Edon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bacon, Sir

that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Mr. Richmond, Sir John Mordaunt, Sir Gilb. Dol-

found the feme to be true; and that the Parties con- ben. Sir JoJ. Jekyll, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Sir Roger

cemed bad given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satis- Mr. Wyld, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Monckton, Mr.

faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had Hampden, Sir Gilb. Elliot, Mr. Topham, Lord Hamilton,

Lord

Lifford's, &t.

directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk’s Table.

Pierpont’*

Charities.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Wynn, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Churchill, Mr. Onslow, be added to the Committee,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An Act for the better establishing certain Charities of

John Pierpont, is committed. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at

Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the former

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Commission-trs of Sewers of London.

Sabbati, 190 die Martii3

Anno 9* Anne Regina;, 1708.

Praters.

ABIL L for giving the Commissioners of Sewers, for the City of London, the same Powers, as the Commissioners of Sewers for Counties have, and also preventing Annoyances to the Common Shoars, and to mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the the River of Thames, was read a Second time. paying out of Moneys, arising out of the Coinage Duties,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. the Salaries, Charges, and Expence, of the Officers, and Withers, Sir Fran. Hafham, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bacon, others, employed, and to be employed, in the Profecu-Sir Ro, Edon, Mr. Brewer, Sir Edward Ernley, Sir Gilb. tion of Offences in counterfeiting, diminishing, or other-Heathcott, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Gilb. Dolben, wife concerning, the current Coins of this Kingdom.

Mr Dolben, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Medlycot, Mr._ Wilson,

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Howe, of Somerton Early, in the Councy of Somerset, Esquire, to fell the Manor and Farm of Gunvile Eastbury, alias Tarrant Gunvile, in the County of Dorfot, and several Messuages,

Mr. Coatesworth, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Pelham, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Offly, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sher win, Mr. Monden, Mr. Clavell, Colonel Morettn, Mr. Calthrop, Sir Samuel Garrard, Sir Geo.

M

| knit)

WilL

hlKSl

fciUL

Mr. Onflowe, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Foot, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Strickland, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Porter, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Graggs, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hil/erfdon, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Chambers', and all, that serve for the Counties of Surrey, Somerset, and Dorfot: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this

Encmnagiap

Coinage-

Acts for the Encouragement of the Coinage.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to provide for the reviving, and continuing, an Act, made in the Fourth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to issue out of the Money, arising by the Coinage Duty, any Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pound, over and above the Sum of Three thousand Pound, yearly, for the Uses of the Mint.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

'%$ ^31 nj|

Howt’*

Ertate.

r

Lands,

8 Ann.

i 9° Martii.

J*and$, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in East-

kttry and Tarrant Guttvile aforesaid, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, to the same Uses, to which the said Manor aptl Premises in Guttvile Ecftbury, alias Tarrant Guttvile, now (land limited, in lieu thereof, be now read the Second time.

The Bill was read the Second time accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ton, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Mr. Attorney

General, Sir Fran. Maj, Mr. Sir Walter Tenge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exclicquer, Sir Lord Connings(ty, Lord Mr. Mr.

Sir Robert Edon, Sir IVm. AshurJ}, Mr. Chace, Mr.

ben, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Craigs, Mr. Ellis, Sir Jo/. Jekyll, Mr. Brijlcw, Mr. Topbam Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Sher toy u, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gale, Sir Wm. St. Sir Richard Temple, Mr.

I Harneage, Sir Thomas , Admiral Aylmer, Mr.

Aftt, Colonel Cornwall, Mr. Mr. Ogle, Mr.

Masters, Sir. H. Bunbury, Mr.; and all, that serve for t be Counties of Somerset, Glour ester, Surrey, and Dorset:Ar.d they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford «nd Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker.

Lord The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to

WjJJougbby explain a Clause in a Statute, made in the Twenty-fevemh j^£es Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eigiith (enabling Tenants in Tail, in Post'eflion, to make Jointures to Wives) and enlarging the lame, so as I.ord

loughby Brooke, and others, Tenant*- in Tail, in Possession, may make Jointures to the Wives of their 11 left Sons, or Grandsons; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

ftMiing An ingrossed Bill for pu nllhing Mutiny and Desertion, Matin? and and false Muflers, and for the better Payment of the DArtion. Army, and Quarters, was read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill:

Pr. i. L. 20. To leave out "speedy."

Hr. 28. L. To leave out " England," and insert Great Britain."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Re/oheJ, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be,

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Murters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Topham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delbe their Concurrence thereunto.

Whitaker’s Ordered, That the Bill to explain the Act of the First

Account with Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige ublic. Edward Whitaker to account for such Sums of publick Money, as have been received by hjm, be read upon Monday Morning next.

Importing A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Bailiffs*

Irith Yarn, and free Burgesses, of the Borough of Plymptou, in the County of Devon, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants, within the same, on behalf of themselves, and others of the said Borough, employed in the Woollen Manufactory, as alib divers Gentlemen, Farmers, and others, living in, or near, Places adjacent to the said Town of Plymptou, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that of late Years great Quantities of Woollen k Yarn wrought and Ipun in Ireland, have been exported from thence into this Kingdom, and brought into this.

Town, and Places adjacent, in such Quantities, that the poor Wool-combers. Spinners, and others, employed in working and spinning up Wool, are out of Employment, and their Families butt be glome to the Pari fees, where Vox. Id.

they live: That Irish Worsted, imported. Can be vended more than £. 30 per Cent, cheaper, than the same can bf made in England, and Bay or Woollen Yarn, and combed Wool, in Proportion; so that the whole Manufactorie# are like to be translated from this Kingdomto that of Ireland, as to the working Part thereof, Weaving only excepted: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Way? and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, and to whom the Report from the Committee, who were to consider of the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the Merchants and Traders, of the City of Exeter, on the behalf of themselves, and many Thousends of the Citizens of the said City, and others, empl >yed in the Woollcn Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for fedrefling, and Frau* preventing, several Frauds and Practices, relating to her in Stamp Majesty’s Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and ^Ulie* Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Pleas at minster, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Sir William Strickland (according to Order) reported WooRea from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the Manufacture of the Woollen Cloth, in f ur,‘ relation to the Lengths and Breadths, and what may be otherwise advantageous to that Manufacture, was committed; that they had considered the Petitions, referred to the Committee; and made several Amendments to the Bill, which rhey had directed him to report to the Houset And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir David Dalrimple (according to Order) reported Barckley' from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Castle, & Ships Barckley Castle and James of Montrofts, free Ships, S ip$* was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the.

House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the feme in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by die House.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table until Thursday Morning next; and that the Petitions, which have been presented to the House, against making foreign-, built Ships free Ships, be then taken into Consideration,

Mr. Francis Annejley (according to Order) reported Friends from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Goodwill* Ships, called the Friends Goodwill and Experiment (both &c* Dutch-built) free Ships of Great Britain, was committed] that they had made an Amendment to the BUI, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was once read throughout, and then a Second tixqe, and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table until Thursday Morning next, wheo the Petitions, which have been presented to the House, against making foreign-built Ships free Ships, are ordered to be taken igto Consideration.

A Bill for continuing several Impofifions upon Wines, Supply Bill; Vinegar, Tobacco, and East India Goods, and certain ,mP",!tioBt additional Impositions upon several Sorts of Goods and " , B*'

T t Merchandizes

i 66

190 — ai°

A, 1708.

Cou»terfrit-

ingCoin,&c.

Rtverfing Lord Siane’t Attainder.

Merchandizes, and certain Duties upon Whale-fins, and father Things mentioned* to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s necessary and important Occasions, and for exporting British Copper, and Brass Wire, Duty-free, was read the First time.

v Resolved\ That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for making perpetual an Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, and also an Act for giving like Remedy upon pro-millbry Notes, as is used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Bills of Exchange, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refslved% That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect the Laws expired, and near expiring; and to report, what were fit to be revived, or continued.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. St. Quintiny Mr. Ogle, Mr. Cecilly Mr. JVi/fon% Mr. Nevill% Sir Rushout Culleny Sir Fran. Ma/ham, Mr. Hillerfden, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Hen. Lyddally Mr. Doddington% be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to reverie the Outlawry and Attainder of Christopher Lord Baron of Slaney in Ireland, was committed.

celona, as shall be brought thither on her Majesty’s Account, into a Species of Money, current in Catalwi*y of a coarser Allay, there will accrue aconsiderable Advantage thereupon to her Majesty, and of which the Paymaster of her Majesty’s Forces there hath Directions to keep a distinct. Account.

J. Brydges.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Paget reported from the Committee, to whom the Duke of ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Newcalllef* vesting in John Duke of Newcastle, and his Heirs, certain u* Lands, belonging to the Vicarage of lValefby, in the County of Nottingham, in lieu of an annual Rent, of Ten Pounds per Annum, payable to the Vicar of the said Vicarage, and his Successors for ever, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed birm to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Francis and

Samuel,

-Ship.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicolly Mr. Swifty Mr. Owen, Mr. Faughany be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Ship Francis and Samuel (foreign-built) a free Ship of Great Britain, was committed.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine a Clock.

JLunce, 210 Martii \

Moneys in which the Forces are paid.

Anno 8* Ann* Reginas, 1708.

« Prayers.

Mk. Bridges, presented to the House (pursuant to their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose) An Account, in what Moneys the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay, in the several Parts, where they are employed, are paid, and at what Rates, reduced to Sterling Money. And the Title thereof was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT, in what Moneys the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay, in the several Parts, where they are employed, are paid, and at what Rates, reduced to Sterling Money* viz.

In Holland: The Payments are made in current Money

of Holland, and reduced to Sterling Money, at the Rate

of 10 Guilders and 15 Stivers to the Pound.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, of John Lacy, Esquire, in the Counties of EJfsXy Cambridge, and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, making Provision for his Children unprovided for, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

was committed that they had examined the Allegations

till Monday Qf t[lc and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, __________ — to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Vncy’»

Eli&t*.

Tati

stow;

Sir Walter Tonge reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, made Anno primo Anna Regina, intituled, An Act, giving further Time to John Lord Bishop of Chichester, and his Successors, to make Leases of certain Houses, and Ground, in and near Chancery , belonging to the Bishoprick of Chicheftor, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the feme in at the Clerk’s Table.

Bishop of

ChichelierY

Estate.

Siti*

T&iii

‘ibc.

A Petition of Morgan O , Esquire, Agent to Mel- Reverting

- . _ chtor Lavallin, Esquire, on behalf of the said Melchior, ®afcot* °ut"

In Brabant: 1 he Payments are made in current Money was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that ^awry* , . of Brabant, and reduced into Sterling Money, at the the last Session a Bill passed this honourable House, for Rate of to Guilders and 15 Stivers to the Pound, reckon- reVerfing the Outlawry of Elianor Bagot, Wife of John

ing the Agio at 8and -sper Centwhereby the Troops Bagot {who is now in France, and attainted of highTreason)

and for vesting in Trustees, for her Use, an Annuity, with the Arrears, which Ihe pretends to have out of the said Ma/chior's Estate in; which Bill passed this House,

before he had Notice thereof; but, upon petitioning the House of I/)rds, the Bill was rejected: That a Bill hath passed the House of Lords, for the Reverfd of the Out-

afi

— o — o — -----3 x — a a

receive the Skilling at 6 Stivers and f, as in the late War, which pafles in the Country at 7 Stivers, according to the Advance made thereupon by the , when in Possession of those Parts.

In Spain: The Payments are made in Dollars, or Pieces of Eight, Moyeda’s, Crufado’s, and Pistoles, and

9

44

reduced into Sterling Money, at the Rates following, viz. of the said Elianor , and now lies before this

£. s. d. House, of which the said could have no Notice,

fiving in Ireland: And praying, the said Melchior may be heard by his Counsel, before the passing the said Bill.

That the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, against the said Bill, upon the Second reading thereof.

That the Bill be read a Second time up.>n

4

20

3

*9.

_ 1 a TT

The Dollar, or Piece of Eight, at -The Moyeda, at -The Crufado, at -The Pi dole, at In Portugal: The Payments are made, in the several Species of Money current there, and reduced into Sterling uti w 4 vijv

Money, at the Rate of Six Shillings Sterling to the Mill Morning'next*

Rea.

Major General Stanhope-having obtained Leave from An ingrossed Bill for veiling some Part of the Lands,

the King of Spain to recoin such hiver Moneys at Bar* Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the county of ,

‘ included

*4

Powleft

Ellaie.

t

8 Ann.

2i* Mar Hi.

167

the said House, and Park, was committed, be received upon Thursaay Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Petition Stewart and

William Murray, Merchants, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Seven-night.

Commercial Iotercourse with Scotland.

Dab*

'"'lii

h'aa.

included in the Marriage Settlement of the Right honourable the Lord William Powlet, in Trustees, to be sold, for the railing Money to discharge an Incumbrance, fallen on the same by virtue of a Decree in the high Court of Chancery, and to establish and confirm anoAgrecment, made by the said Lord William Powlet with the Right honourable the Countels Dowager of Bridgwater, and the Executors of the late Duke of Bolton, deceased, ... , _ , r

relating to such Incumbrance, was read the Third time. OrdeThat the adjourned Debate upon the Clause, Handafyde’s, Resolved, That the Bill do pais; and that, the Title be, offered to the Bill for the Relief of Non-commission *8*

An Act for vesting some Part of the Estate in the Coun- Officers, and Soldiers, of the respective Companies of ty of Lincoln, included in the Marriage Settlement of the Colonel Thomas Colonel and

Right honourable the Lord William Powlet, in Trustees, Lieutenant General Thomas Erie, be larther adjourned to be sold, for the railing Money to discharge an Incum- BA Tomorrow Morning, biance, fallen on the same by virtue of a Decree of the ... .,

high Court of Chancery, and to confirm an Agreement, RefoThat this House will, upon Friday next, at Supply,

made by the said Lord William Powlet with the Right Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee the honourable the Countels Dowager of Bridgwater, and the whole House»to consider further of the Supply granted Executors of the Duke of Bolton, deceased, relating to to ^cr Majesty.

such Incumbrance. _ , .

An.logrolled Bill for redressing, and preventing, several Fraud* u

Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty’s Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

I/urd

Willoo^M.y if Brooke* Lflaie.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in a Statute, made in the Twenty* seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth (enabling Tenants in Tail, in Puffession, to make Jointures to Wives) and enlarging the lame, so as Richard Lord Willoughby de Brooke, and others, Tenants in Tail, in Possession, may make Jointures to the Wives of their eldest Sons, or Grandsons, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

*»d cij* Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, appointed v0^*‘ to examine the Accounts, which have been laid before this House, of what Ships have been employed as Crullers and Convoys, over and above the Ships for the Line of Battle, and for Convoys to remote Parts, and also the Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the Heads mentioned in the said Estimate, the 30th

Stnmp

upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Pleas at Westminster, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That Persons, damaged by the Default of Under-sheriffs, in their Office, may bring their Actions against the High Sheriff, or against such Under-sheriff, for the fame.

And the same was Thrice read, and, upon the Ques* tion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. 8. L. 19, after " shall" to insert " from and after the V First Day of March, in the Year of our Lord, 1709."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

of September, 1708, the Matter, as it appeared to them, Resolved, That the Bill do pals j and that the Title be, which they had directed him to report to the House; An Act for redressing, and preventing, several Frauds and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards deli- »n<J Practices, relating to her Majesty’s Duties upon vered the said Report in at the Clerk’s Table. Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and regulating

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration Clerks, _5nd Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s

Whitaker’s

j\cc»unt with the Public.

upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock.

A Bill to explain the Act of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Edward Whitaker to account for such Sums of publick Money,

Bench and Common Pleas at Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Poeklington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

as have been received by him, was (according to Order) w^e House, to whom the Bill for making more effec-

>11 A ® An A XV m orlw in tliA Ci vf k Vwaw li ATa in fl.i L

read the First time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Five's

Eftatt.

tual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire, was committed, be received Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Ai iichiefir by Fixe.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John E/ye, Esquire, to raile Moneys out of his Estate, to pay his Debts, and for settling the Residue thereof, together with the Estate of Elizabeth, his Wife, the whole House, to consider of the Motion, fora Supply Nevis and to the Uses intended by his Marriage Settlement, was to be granted to her Majesty, to enable the Inhabitants

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Su/ferers at

African

Trad*.

Marquis of

Lindfty’s

Flint*.

read the First time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Dolben presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the better Improvement of the Trade to Africa, by establishing a regulated Company; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning nexL.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming to Robert Marquis of fey, Lord Great Chamberlain of England, and his Heirs, a House, and inclosed Fourth Part of the Park of Havering, in the County of Effffc, ip Recompence and Satisfaction of his Interests in the Office or Custody of" Vot. 16.

of Nevis and St. Christophers to resettle there.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fairer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fairer reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Googf

t$8

2.2* Ma

A. 1708.

Mortis 12* Martii by Thomas , and others, from Colonel

* might be explained;

Anno 8* Annse Reginse, 1708. Resolved, That the Debentures, claimed from Colonel

« John and which have been examined by the Com-

, R.?‘ , . _ . , _ missioners, appointed by A<St of Parliament for that Pur-

Commifto.. A BILLfor rendering more effrftual the Laws con. fC} allowed in their Report> ought to carry, and erset severs. cermng Commissioners of Sewers, was read a he- bc paid> Interest> a5 other Debentures, cond time.

Refofycd, That the Bill he committed to Mi. Conyers, Rejoived, That an humble Address be presented to her CommissiwwH Sir Francis ftjaftam, Mf. PelJwm, Mr. JVaue, Mr. Far* Majesty, that, in regard the greatest Part of the Money, ^u, Vtt*

rtr? Colonel Moretpn, Mr-’ Cecil?, Mr. Bacon, Lord paid to Scotland, byway of Equivalent, is already issued Downes, Sif Tho, Webster, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Galt, Mr. Out to the several Persons, having Interest therein, there-Ogfe, Mr. Duncmbe, Mr- Bff'tje, Mr- Ferrier, Mr. Graa/, fore that her Majesty will be graciously pleased to give r-A ^al^er’ts ^i‘ ^U3,nfeJ' Mr. Rudgft Mr-P^ir^, Mr. Dtred ions for reducing the N umber of the Commissioners,

{?er>^r: ^n^erIor!l ^T*?0U$?aS\ Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. for managing the fame, for tire future, as her Majesty, in'

Neville, Sir Jeff.Jeffryes, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Coatesworth, great Wisdom, strall think fit.

Bit

W

Mr. Morifo*Sir Will Scawen, Sir Chfl. Hedges, Mr That the said A :dress be presented to her

Chambers, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Freeke , and Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her

all for Essex, Norfolk, Suffolk, Sussex, Surrey, Kent, Lin* Majesty’s most honourable Privy Councd.

coin, and Cornwall: And they are to meet at rive

Duke of

Newcastle’s

Eltiite.

Lacy’s

Eftaie.

Rewfing

Bagot’s

Outlawry*

iMifchiefs by Fire.

and

a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted J Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Duke of Newcastle, and his Heirs, Certain Land*, belonging to the Vicarage of in

the County of Nottingham, in lieu of an annual Rent, of Tw Pounds per Annum, payable to the Vicar of the said Vicarage, and his Sycceft’ors for ever, was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Rift do paf$.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrpfled Rill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Tenement?, of John Racy, Esqvirc, in the Counties of Essex, Cambridge, and Middlesex, in Tmftees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, making Provision for his Children unprovided for, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mf- Farrex do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, wtiKMJt any Amendment.

Ordered That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act for the Rever&l of the Outlawry of Elianor Bagot, the Wife of John Bagot, be read the Second thm8 at Twelve a Clock on Saturday next; and that the Cpunfpl he then heard against the said BUI.

Interest on

Hice'a

Dttaatures,

The House (according to Order) resumed the adjourned Handafyde’i, Debate upon the Clause, offered to be added to the Bill for &c- Rtgi-the Relief of the Non-commission Officers, and Soldiers, m*" of the respective Companies of Colonel Thomas Handa-fyie, Colonel John Livefey, and Lieutenant General Tho-

mas Earl.

And the Clause, being read, was amended, and agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Sufferers at Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Nevis and St. to consider of the Motion, for a Supply to be granted Christopher*. to her Majesty, to enable the Inhabitants of Nevis and St. Christophers to resettle there; that the Committee had considered the same accordingly, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to her Majesty, to enable the Inhabitants of Nevis and St. Christophers to resettle there.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty, to enable the Inhabitants of Nevis and St. Christophers to resettle there.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Supply granted to her

Cwilt

foil

Wi

Ik,

Sir Wiliam Whims (according to Order) reported from tfifi. to whom the Bill for making more Majesty

effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s J Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs, that may Ordered, That the Cpnsideration of the Memorial of Arrears of bappen by pirp, w*> committed; that they had made Monfieyr s, of the 8th of March instant, upon R«S‘*

' several Amendments to the Bill, which thaw had dinefted Mr Hallungius'% Petition, and the Declaration of several meuW*

Officers, relating to the Arrears due to the Thirteen Dutch Regiments, be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

hf®

v_ # ‘...v ai

*3 of Hi

several Amyp.dmpnts to the Bill, which they had directed hjnl to rppfrt so tiip House: And be mad the same in his Place, and ^foerwWfWekvipred them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Secop^ timet, nee by one (as far os Clause B-) and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, one of them d'feffield pfltflUWd the.Ifofickw agn?ed unto, by the Myufe.

Clawfe R, being a Second time 1 the feme was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed

uAto % thf Mwfe

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself Export of into, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for SaltPrnvifio* afeertaiaing, and directfog the Payment of, the Allow- frmScot-ances, to be made for or upon the Exportation, from Scotland, of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with foreign Salt, imported before the First of May, 1707,' and for

land.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, disposing such Salt, as is still remaining in the Hands of

against Timber Fronts to Houses.

And the feme WSl twice reed, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn. ,.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

her Majesty’s Subjects there- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker retained the Chair.

Mr. Farrer repotted from the Committee, that they had made some Ptogress in the Bill; and had directed The House being moved, that the Resolution of the him to move, that they ms have Leave to fit again. Eighteenth Instant, relating to the Debentures, claimed

24 Reftlved,

ingrossed.

‘Hi

din

8 Ann.

22* — 2 30 Mar tit.

169

Resolved, That this House Will, Upon Friday Morning was presented to the House, and readi letting forth, that

I # i f* t M. ?a.A /* A I X_ 1 _ UT A. Ijm A L n m n 4 C J ▲ I_ _ TXT a ^1 I ▲ m. % M /%

H*rve/»

WilL

r~-%

IcflL

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conllder further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Colonel Cor wall. Lord Windfort Mr. Bridges, Mr. Conyers, Mr. SMr. , Mr. Scawen, Mr. Methwyn, Sir Mr. , Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Ash, be added to the Committee, to whom

their great Support depends on the Woollen Manufacture, which they conceive to be much prejudiced by the great Importation of Woollen Worsted Yarn from Ireland: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the ConsiderStion of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are

the ingrossed Bill for the better Performance of the Will to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the of Stephen Harvey, Esquire, deceased, and making Pro- Supply granted to her Majesty, to whom is referred the vi£on for his Children, was committed. Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of

the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, and of the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Merchants and Traders of the City of on the

Morning, Nine a Clock.

ILrir

tf.t.

ncau.

CeciJfr

Kfiatt.

Mercurii, 23* Mart it;

Anno 8* Ann* Regin*, 1708.

Pax TBRS.

MR. Hampden reported from the Committee,

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the honourable William Cecil!,

to

behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Citizens of the said City, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures within the said City, and Places adjacent, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Payment of the Debts of Sir John Bolles, Baronet, a Lunatick, was read the First time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Esquire, with other., to fell Land., for the Payment of f? v'(hnSlh' S,c< "P'1!1 M«uage, or Farm, of the fractal Debt., charged upon hi. Estate by the Right and l^d. thereontobelonging, m

honourable John lats Earl of Eater, deceased, hi. late Je C°*n? '£' Ihf GJ-"'

Father, was committed; that they had examined the ^man, deceased, an Trustee., to be sold,.for the speedter

BollesT

Estate.

Cay’s

Estate.

was

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had -directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

the

Pennt’*

Eftau.

Payment of his Debts, and better Performance of Trulls therein mentioned, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Francis do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Royal African Company was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill now before this House, intituled, A Bill for the better Improvement of the Trade to Africa, by establishing a regulated Company, will be destructive to the Rights and Properties of the Petitioners: And praying enabling George Penne, Esquire, to fell Lands for the Pay- to be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of this honour-ment of his Debts, by enlarging a Trull for that Purpose, able House, against the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further

African

Trade.

Puniflung Mutiny and Desertion.

contained in a former Act, intituled, An Act for enabling George Penne, Esquire, to fell Lands for the Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned:

And the Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Commissionen of S«w»r*.

against the

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Shackerley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ease of insolvent Debtors, was committed; that they had considered the Petitions, to them referred# and had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration

Infolrcnt

Debtors.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual the Laws, concerning Commissioners of Sewers, was committed; that they upon Tuesday Morning next, had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had

directed him to report to the House: And he read the A Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1709, al-

lame in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the though the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not re-

Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read through- paid, was read a Second time.

out, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

the House. of the whole House.

Railing the Militia.

Ordered, That the Bill, ingrossed.

with the Amendments, be

Woollen M a-

mifutfurr.*,

4c.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of those, who are Manufacturers of the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfejf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for nominating and impowering Commis- Fortifying sioners, to make Surveys of Lands and Tenements, which Portsmouth, Woollen, Iron, and Linnen, Manufactures of this King- are proper to be purchased, for the better fortifying and *ur' dom, and for the more cafy Recovery of Wages, due for securing the Harbours of Portsmouth, Chatham, and

Importing Irish Yarn,

the working up the said Manufactures, and to Day-Jabourers.

Ordered, That Colonel More tin, do carry the said Message to the Lords.

A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of Haverford-wef ,in behalf of themselves, and many hundred Fami-

lies in the said Town and County, and Places adjacent, House, upon the said Bill Vo 1. 16.

wick, and to ascertain the Values of the lame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Uu

The

170

230 — ^4° Martii. 1708.

The Orders of the Day being read; Trust for that Purpose, contained in a former Act, infill Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of the Three tuled, An Act for enabling George Esquire, to fell

Lirtord’s, &c. French Regiments of Foot, formerly under the Command Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and other Pur-Regiments. of Major General le Mellioniere, Brigadier Belcastle, and poles therein mentioned:

the Earl of Lifford, be read a Second time upon Friday An Act for naturalizing of Lewis de Rojfet, Peter next, at Twelve a Clock. and others:

To which Bills the Royal Assent was given accord-Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ingly. and Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty. Ordered, That the Bill for the better Improvement of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the Trade to , by establishing a regulated Com- irade’

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee. pany, be read a Second time Tomorrow, at Twelve a

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Royal Assent A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Aston, Deputy to Bills. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that a Commission from her Majesty was read, impowering the JLord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Treasurer, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters:

An Act for explaining, and making more effectual, that Part of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in S'mithfield, and for giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to London, as formerly:

An Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants:

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William (intituled, An Act for the repairing the Highways between Wymondhamand Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk)and for including therein the Road, leading from Wymondham to Hetherset, over the Commons belonging to the said Towns:

An Act for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for building a Church, or Chapel, in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster:

An Act to enable Ann Crew (late Offley) Widow, and John Crew (late Offley) her Son, and Heir apparent, to change their Surname from Offley to , according to the Settlement of John Crew, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for vesting in Trustees the Reversion of several Lands and Tenements, expedant on Leases for Lives, the Estate of Hugh Stafford, of Pynes, in the County of Devon, Esquire, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and, by discharging his Power of leafing, to secure other Lands, to come into Possession of his Son in lieu thereof:

An Act to enable William Collins, Clerk, Thomas Par-rat and William Day, Gentlemen, to dispose of certain Lands, for the Payment of the Debts of John Granger, and for making a Provision for the Widow, and younger Children, of Nicholas Granger, his late Father, deceased:

An Act for further enabling George Penn, Esquire, to fell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, by enlarging a

Clock; and that the Royal African Company be then heard by their Counsel, if they think fit, against the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2 40 die Martii;

Anno 8* Annae Reginae, 1708.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the Relief of the non-commis- Handafyde'*, fioned Officers, and Soldiers, of , the respective *c- Regi-Companies of the Three Regiments of Colonel Thomas menu' Handafyde, Colonel John Livefay, and Lieutenant General Thomas Erie, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for the Relief of the Non-commission Officers, and Soldiers, of the respective Companies of the Three Regiments of Colonel Thomas Handafyde, Colonel John Livefay, and Lieutenant General Thomas and of the Four Independent Companies of New York, in America.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Earl of whom the Bill for the Relief of the Earl of Clanricard Clanricard’a (lately called Lord Bophin) of the Kingdom of Ireland, was committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Swinfen reported from the Committee, to whom Francis and the Bill for making the Ship Francis and Samuel (foreign- Samue,*ShiP-built) a free Ship of Great Britain, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table, till the Petitions, which have been presented to the House, against making foreign-built Ships free Ships, be taken into Consideration.

Sir Francis Masham reported from the Committee, to Pierpoint's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Charities. Act for better establishing certain Charities of John Pierpoint, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had tnade some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read them in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 36. After " same " read " that Wm.

" Pierrpont, of Nottingham, Esquire, and, after his " Decease, the Heir Male of the Body of the said William Pierrpont, for the Time being, for ever, as

" soon

Tti’iei

1 duke :ic.

Sfnsfl

VTgv» a Mac

-:Bv

Avri

4

3 to

by

fytt.

8 Ann.

o

24

Martii.

17.1

" soon as the said William Pierrpoint, and such Heir many hundred Citizens of was prel'ented to the

" Male, shall attain their Age of 21 Years, respect House, and read; lotting forth, that the Act, of the " tively; and, for Default of such Heir Male, that 4th and 5th Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for preventing " Samuel Pierrpoint, Brother of the said Wm.Pierrpoint, Frauds, frequently committed by Bankrupts) and also " and, alter his Decease, the Heir Male of the Body of- the Act, of the 5th Year (intituled, An Act to explain

I:*.

" the said Samuel Pierrpoint, for the Time being, for " ever, as (bon as the said Samuel Pierrpoint, and such " Heir of the said Samuel Pierrpoint, shall attain their " Age of One-and-twenty Years, respectively; and." Pr. 3. L. 37. After " Annum," and before " without,"

that Act) are near expiring; by which Acts they have found great Benefit: And praying, the same may be continued.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for

insert " for the charitable Purposes herein before-men- making perpetual, an Act; for the better preventing the

tioned, and also for and towards the Augmentation of poor Vicarages."

P. 4. L. 9. After *aforesaid" insert "founded."

L. 11. After " Directors" inlcrt "and Governors."

Whitaker's Account with the Public-

counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, and also an Act for giving like Remedy upon promissory Notes, as is used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange, is committed; and that they have Power to provide for the continuing A Bill to explain the Act of the First Year of her the said Acts, relating to Bankrupts, according to the Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Edward Prayer of the said Petition: And also, that they have Whitaker to account for such Sums of publick Money, Power, for continuing the Act against throwing of Squibs,

as have been received by him, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Kennet

(fV. And that all the Merchants be added to the said Committee; and that all, that come to the said Committee, have Voices: And they are to fit de die in diem.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Ho/ford and Mr. Rogers.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Earl of

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for making the Navigation. River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in to vert the Estate, which came to the Right honourable £lymouth'» the County of Berkj, be read the Third time upon this Other Earl of Plymouth by his Mother, in Trustees, to be ate’ Day Three Weeks. ' ’ ’ ‘

Way* Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, and Mean*, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, that they do consider

lord

Willoughby Brooke’s kdate.

fold, and to enable him to cut Coppices, for raising Money to pay Debts, charged upon his paternal Estate, with (omc Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hou(e:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Pacey’s of the Duties upon Oils, made of (breign Fish, and all Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great ^ebuo the Goodsof the Growth and Prod uft of foreign Plantations, tain, or Commissioners of the Ttcafury, for the Time not belonging to her Majesty’s Subjects, taken as Prize, being, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel,

deceased, late Receiver General for the County of An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act without any Amendments: to explain a Clause in a Statute, nude in the Twenty- And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Mallet’s seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners Debt to the (enabling Tenants in Tail, in Possession, to make Join- of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with CrowIU tores to Wives) and enlarging the lame, (o as Richard William Mallet, Esquire, for the Debt of his Father for Lord Willoughby de Brooke, and others. Tenants in Tail, whom he was Surety, while Receiver General for the in Possession, may make Jointures to the Wives of their County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, without any eldest Sons, or Grandlons, was read a Second time. Amendments.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel More- And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Croifers and Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Convoy*, it was referred to examine the Accounts, which have

Patrons Rights to Advowfuns.

ton. Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Medly-

cot. Sir William Scawen, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Curjon, Mr. Onslow Mr. Dolben, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Wentworth, Lord Wm, Powlet. Sir Robert Edon, the Earl of Hertjord, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Row- been laid before this House, of what Ships have been ney, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Majon, Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley, employed as Cruisers and Convoys, over and above the and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Lei- Ships (or the Line of Battle, and for Convoys to remote cester, Lincoln, Warwick, and Stafford: And they are to Parts, and also the Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Navy, as it stood on the Heads mentioned in the said Chamber. Estimate, the 30th of September, 1708.

And the said Report was read; and is as follows, viz. An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act That the Committee met; and, in order to examine, to preserve the Rights of Patrons to Advowsons, was and state, the Debt of the Navy, they have, by virtue

read a Second time. of the Power given them by this House, issued their

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Orders to the proper Offices, for such Papers, and Jekyll, Sir Wm. Whitelock, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Nic- Accounts, as were neceflaty to inform them in the said

coll, Earl of Hertjord, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Enquiry.

Cartwright, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Vane, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bertie, Lord Connings by, Sir H. Lyddall, Mr. JeJJop, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Annesley, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Neville, Lord Hamilton, Mr. Wollaflon,

That the Committee went no further back, in the Examination of the said Debt, than her Majesty’s Accession to the Throne; but state what was the Debt, on the several Heads thereof, on the 8th of March, 1701; and

Mr. Aifelabie, Colonel Whitchcott, Nix. Hampden, Mr. proceed to enquire only of the Increase of this Debt from

Archer, Mr. Sherard, Sir Gilbert Pickering, Sir Tho. Manfell, Lord Lumley, Lord Windsor; and all the Long Robe: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

that Time, to the 30th September, 1708.

That the Committee find, that on the 10th January, 1701, there was voted by the House of Commons, for the’Service of the Year 1702, 40,000 Men, for 13 Months, at £.4 per Man per Month: That the same Number of Men, and at the same Rate, was also voted

Fraud* by A Petition of sundry Merchants, Grocers, Drapers, and

Bankrupt*. other wholesale Traders, in behalf of themselves, and for every Year since; And the Committee were informed

Vol. 16. that

24° Martii.

A. 1708.

Craifen that the Distribulion of the said £. 4 to the several Heads, and Convoys, was, aS follows, viz.

Wear and Tear Wages -Victuals -Ordnance

And they find, by the Papers delivered into the Committee, that the Debt of the Navy, on the 8th March, £. s. d 1701, was as follows; viz.

1 7 —

1 10 —

— 19 —

— 4 —

Wear and Tear.

Wages.

Victualling

Ordnance.

£ 4 -

The Debt of the Navy, on the Head of Wear and Tear, 8 th , 1701 The 30th September, 1708 -

Increase between 1701 and 1708

- 389,501

1.493.845 1,104,343

/.702,000 at /.i. ns. od. out of what was voted by Parliament every Year,-)

from 1701, inclusive, to 1708.....^4,914,000

Applied to the Service, between 1701 and 1708, as appears by the Treasurer") -of the Navy’s Accounts, delivered in to the Committee - _j3.832.551

Money voted by Parliament, more than we find issued to the Treasurer of the") _

Navy on this Head.....- - -

The Debt of the Navy, on the Head of Seamen’s Wages, 8th March, 1701 - 609,316 The 30th September, 1708 - - 1,617,936

Increase between 1701 and 1708 - -- -- - 1,008,619

£.780,000 at £ 1. ior. od. out of what was voted by Parliament every Year,-) , from 1701, inclusive, to 1708 - -- -- - j5*400,i

Applied to this Service, between 1701 and 1708, as appears by the Treasurer") g of the Navy’s Accounts, delivered in to the Committee - S

000 —

s. 4

II —

5 1

14 1

— 10

19

7 9

5 6

*7 9

34.823

38,302

36>549 40,801

43.434

- 118,749 10 —

247,095

l»IOI»535

854,440

Money voted by Parliament, more than we find issued to the Treasurer of> ,

the Navy on this Head - -- -- - -j 44.7?

That the Committee examined all the Books, which were brought to them, pursuant to their Order, of Men borne and mustered, during the said seven Years; and by those it appeared to the Committee, that the number of Men employed in the following Years, was; viz.

In the Year 1702, Men borne each Month, -In 1703, each Month, -

In 1704, each Month, -

In 1705, each Month, -

In 1706, each Month, - - . - -

So that the Deduction of Seamen’s Wages, for those Years, would be -What Number of Men were truly borne the remaining Years, the Committee can give no Account of, the Mutter Books having not been returned to the proper Office, as was alleged by the Cotfimissioners of the Navy to the Committee.

The Debt of the Navy, on the Head of Victualling, 8th March, 1701 The 30th September, 1708 ——

Increase between 1701 and 1708 - -

£.494,000 at 19J. out of what was voted by Parliament every Year, from 1701,) -

inclusive, to 1 708.....J3.4S ».<*>

Applied to this Service, between 1701 and 1708, as appears by the Treasurer") of the Navy’s Accounts, delivered to the Committee - -j3»4 , 75

Money voted by Parliament, more than we find issued to the Treasurer of the")

Navy on this Head - - - - _ - - - - -J 35.7 4

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Books of Men muttered in those Years, there were; viz.

In the Year 1702, Men muttered each Month - - - 30,973

In 1 ^03, each Month, - - - - 33,896

In 1704, each Month, ----- 31,081

In 1705, each Month, - - - - 36,646

In 1706, each Month, ----- 39,091

So that the Deduction on the Head of Victualling, for those Years, would be £.349,658. gs. od. That the Commissioners of the Victualling bring in a considerable Sum, expended for victualling of Land Forces, while on board. This being distinct from the Navy, so much of the Debt, as is increased upon that Head, is not to be charged as a naval Debt, but to be placed to its proper Account.

As to the Ordnance, that is ^n Office, distinct from the Navy; and the Committee did not apprehend it within their Order; so they give rio Account of what has been receive^, or of the Debt.

That the Committee examined the Books, concerning Contracts made for Ships, for transporting naval Stores to foreign Parts; and by those it appeared to the Committee;

That the Commissioners of the Navy have given undue Preference to foreign-built defencelcfs Ships, to the great Discouragement of our Navigation, to the Loss of the Publick, and Disappointment of her Majesty’s Service abroad.

*7 5 .8 5

I —

18 2*

1 9!

Sum* voted Refohed, That an humble Address be presented to her in tbi« Reign. Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money, granted or voted, fmee her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown, and how far the same have proved deficient.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her

25

r:

r«?

? jri? 1

ye.

r, off* vt;s.

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay Navy Debt, before this House, the Causes of the Increase of the Debt of the Navy.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee.

Ordered,

8 Ann.

24° — 25° Martii.

m

African

Tmde.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Improvement of the Trade to Africa, by establishing a regulated Company, be read a Second time upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock; and that the Royal African Company be then heard by their Count'd, if they think fit, against the said Bill.

Foreign

Marquis of

Lindley’*

Eliate*

Ordered That the Bills, which lie upon the Table, for btult Ship*, making foreign-built Ships free Ships, and the Petitions, which have been prefenied to the House, relating to the said Bills, bd taken into Confederation upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming to Robert Marquis of Lind fey. Lord Great Chamberlain of England, and his Heirs, a House, and inclosed Fourth Part of the Park of Havering, in the County of Essex, in Recompence and Satisfaction of his Interests in the Office or Custody of the said House, and Park, was committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sir WalterYongereported frdm the Committeeto whom nay<w#

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Eftato. veiling the Estate of Gideon Haydon, Esquire, deceased, lying in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts, wherewith it stands incumbered, and settling the Overplus to the Uses in his Marriage Settlement limited and declared, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confcnts to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment;

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the better regulating the Manu- Woollan fastureof the Woollen Cloth, in relation to the Lengths Cloth .\Jamw and Breadths, and what may be otherwise advantageous fattlIre* to that Manufacture, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be.

An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloth, made in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, T?iat the Report from the Committee, to Reverting whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Lord Slant’*

Act to reverse the Outlawry and Attainder of Christopher Attain er‘ Lord Baron of Slane, in Ireland, was committed, be received upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Commissionprt

i'ewera c London.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, toconflder further of

Vinerts, 2 5° die Martii;

Anno 8° Ann* Regina:, 1709.

’ Prayers.

SI R William Withers reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for giving the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London, the same Powers, as the the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Commissioners of Sewers for Counties have, and also pre- Mr. Speaker left the Chair, venting Annoyance to the Coromon-lhoars, and to the Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

River of Thames, was committed; that they had made Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they him to report to the House: And he read the same in his had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s report, when the House will pleaseto receive the same.

C‘>mrrT!onf r* oi S*us.

He’* Estate.

Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question Icverally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed unto, and the Residue agreed unto, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same CommitteeAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and are to fit de die in diem.

An ingrossed Bill for rendering more efllftual the Laws, concerning Commissioners of Sewers, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. 2. L. to leave out " the lame."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for rendering more eft’eftual the Laws, concerning Commissioners of Sewers.

Ordered, That.Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Elye, Esquire, to raile Money out of his F.state, lo pay his Debts, and for settling the Residue thereof, together with the Estate of Elizabeth, his Wife, to the Uses intended by his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

R fdved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Pou.de:, Sir Wtn. Maffam, Colonel Whitchcott, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Sherrard, Sir Giliert Elliott, Mr. Proby, Mr. Piumptree, Mr. Farrer,

Mr. Mention, Sir Richard Allen, Mr. Sheperd, Mr. Wind-

Jor, Lord Downes, Lord Lum/ey, Mr. Strickland, Mr.

Chambers, Mr. Bacon, Lord Willoughby, Mr. Palmes, Sir Win. Itricliand, Mr. tkiipon, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jo. Aubry; of Coldhatn, of Tooting Graveney, Esquire, deceased,

and all that lerve for the Counties of Lincoln and York: for railing of Portions for his Grand-children, according

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, to his Wiil; to which they desire the Concurrence of this in the Speaker’s Chamber. House;

Vol. l(i. X x Also,

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Sufferer* ia Majesty, that flie will be plealed to give Directions, that Nevis and St. the Returns of the Commissioners, for inquiring into the Christopher*. Losses of the People of Nevis and St. may

be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Birmingham for building a Parish Church, and Parsonage House, and making a new Church-yard, and a new Parish, in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to be called the

Parish of St. Philip, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and improving of Morifons and the Fort there, in the Shire of East , alias Had-

dingteune, without any Amendments:

Also, the Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for annexing the Rectory, or Parsonage, of Hafely, in the County of Oxon, to the Deanery of her Majesty’s free Chapel of St. George within her Castle of and for vesting the Rectory and parochial Church of St.

Man, alias North Church, Barkhamfead, in the County of Hertford, in the Dean and Canons of her Majesty’s free Chapel of St. George within her Castle o in

lieu thereof; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act Coldham’s for Sale of certain Lands, and Annuities, late the Estate Kiiate.

Church.

Morifon’i

Haven,

Windsor

Deanery.

174 2 50 — 26? Martii. A.

Parochial Also, thd Lotds havd agf<*dtb the BiH, intituledj Atr. Librarie*. Act for the better Ptefervation'of parochial Libraries in that Part of Great Britain called England, with fomei Amendment^; to wliictl they desire the' Concurrence of this House.

And thdn« the Messengfers withdrew.

Arrears of Ordered, Tha* the adjpurned: Confidemtion «rf the Dutch Regi- Memorial of Monfiewp tr,. of the 8th of March meats. instant, uponMr. Mailuxgius' Petition, and the Declaro-tion of several Officers, bating to the Arrears due to the Thirteen Dutch Regiments, be further adjourned until

Tuesday Morning, Twelve a Clock.

F.xport of Then the House (according to Order) refotvetf itself Salt Provi- into a Cortimitt'ee of the whole Hotife, to cohfrder further

Scotland! °P fHd Bill for ascertaining, and (theft ing the Payment of the Allowances; fb be made for or upon the Exportation, front Scotland, of Ffth, Bfeef, and Pork, cored with foreign Salt, imported before the First of 1707, and fordiipofing such Salt, as is still remaining in the Hands of lift Majesty’s Subjects there.

Mr. Sj/eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

iClr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farcer reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progrefi in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committed of the whole House, to confides further of the Bill.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

and Means. ;ng next> at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Encouraging Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Coinage, ncitj rtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the former Acts for the Encouragement of Coinage.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

SaVbatiy 26° Martii;

Anno 8* Ann* Reginar, 1709.

Prayers.

Counterfeit- TV/T R* ^eJt0H reported from the Committee, to whom ing Coin, Ac. 4.VJL the Bill for making perpetual an Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, as also an Act for giving like Remedy upon promissory Notes, as isufed upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inhind Bills of Exchange, wis Committed; that they had made several. Amendments to the Bill, which they bad directed him to report to the House: And he read the same ih his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were Once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, as far as Clause B; and the feme we're, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time, That the said recited Act, touching promissory Notes, shall be confirmed to extend to all promissory Notes, for Payment of Money,

whatsoever;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Itefidue of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were (with-an'Amendment to one of them) upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,-with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mrt. DoJbnt' (according toQffier): reported: from the: ^arl of Committee, to whom the Bill fop the Relief of the Earl of Glemitkard (lately called. Lord of the King- d

domof Ireland, in relation to his Eliafc in Ireland, was; committed; that theyibftd heard the Petitioners, who had. petitioned against the Bill; but the Committee did not think fit tado any thing thereupon, other than, lyhat was by the Amendments, made by them; which Amendments the Committee had directed him to report to the.

House: And he read the feme in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they wer^ once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon tlw: Questicsv federally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered;, to be added to the Bill, That, all Purchases, made by Papists of any the forfeited Estates ini Ireland, shall be void, and of no Effect to the Puc-chafers.

And the feme was twice read, and, upon the Question, put thereupon, agreed unto, by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That nothing in the said Act (hallextend, or be confirued to extend, to the Rectories impropriate, conveyed ta William Ncave, Esquire.

And the feme was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Messagp from the Lords, by Sir Richard HolfQrd and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act w^er* relate prevent the laying of Wagers rftatingjto the Publick, tin| to the with ibme Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Pu*ick* Concurrence of this House;

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Blkley's to enable Thomas Bulkley, Gentleman, to fell Part of the tiate*

Estate, comprized in his Marriage Settlement, to pay off Debts, which were precedent to, and do affect, the said Settlement; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Stopird’* to enable James Stafford, Esquire, to fell Lands in the Elue-County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, and Portions; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bradfhagh’* Act for vesting in Trustees the Fourth Part of a Fourth Eftak* Part of the Estate of the late Countess of Oxford (now the Estate of Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Baronet) to be sold, to pay Portions, and Debts, and with the Remainder of the Money, arising by such Sale, to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, as his paternal Estate is, by his Marriage Settlement, with feme Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Counsel were called in, to be heard against, Reverfim and for, the ingressled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bagot’* W-Act for the Reverfel of tire Outlawry of Bagot, lawr^‘

the Wife of John Bagot.

And the Bill was (according to Order) read aSecond time.

And the Petition against the Bill was read.

And the Counsel were heard:

And; being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton,

Sir Thomas Hamer, Lord Lumley, Mr. Chancellor of the

Exchequer, Mr. Shackerley, Sir Mr.

Sanderson, Mr. Campion, Lord JVm. Pozvlet, Mr. -zon, Mr. Herne, Sir Jo. Aubry, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Rudge, Lord Connings by, Sir Gilbert Do/ben, Mr. Gtatt,

Mr. Austin, 'Mr. Hopkyns, Sir Will. Strickland, Sir, Gilbert Pickering, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Onslow,

I*

'.it

8 Ann.

0.6° — 28° A^r/z/.

17S

<1

Mr. Pitfwry, Sir Lamb B/ackofell, Mqrdaunt. Six

Godfrey Copley, Mr. Treby, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. DuHfombe, Mr. Strickland, Mr. , Mr.

Middletoy, Mr. Scobe/l, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Serjeant Bennet, Mr. Meth Mr, Hampden, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr- 5 Thopij/oft, Mr. Cary, Mr. Mr.

Clavel, Mr. Richmond: And. they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Marquif of Lin difcjrV Lflate.

28T </*? Martii;

4m9 #* Anna Rfgina, 1709.

Praters.

SIR William reported from the Committee, Commission-

to whom the Ril| for giving the Commissioners of "fSewera Sewers, for the City of the same Powers, as the 0,

Commissioners of Sewers for Counties have, and also A Petition of Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Lincifey preventing Annoyance to the Common-lboars, and to was prefer)ted to the House, and read; setting forth, that the River of , was re-committed; that they had

a Bill having been brought into this House, for confirm- made another Amendment to the Bill (beyond what they ing unto the most noble Robert Marquis of LindJ'ey, and had before made) which they had directed him to report his Heirs, a House, and inclosed Fourth Part of the Park to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and of Havering, in the County of Essex, in Recompence afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where it and Satisfaction of his Interest in the Office or Custody of was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, the said House, and Park: and the Petitioner, as Wj- agreed unto by the House.

dow to the late Earl of LindJey, the said Marquis’s Fa- Order', That the Rill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

ther, who was seised in Fee of the Premjfles, during his Marriage with the Petitioner, being (as she is advised) well infilled to her Dower therein; and praying a Clause may be inferred in the said Bill, to enable the Petitioner

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands, and Annuities, late the Estate

Coldbam't

Eliate.

to enjoy a Third Part of the said House, and Lands, for of John Coldham, of Tooting Esquire, deceased,

I > r*% mm ,v. Li,- -I. a 11. I.. m au . _ a. . L . I /* /* a I % J <* 1 1*11

her Life, or may have the Value thereof out of the Purchase-money.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Tablr, until Wednesday Morning next; and that the Report of the Bill be then received; and that the Petitioner be then heard at the Bar of this House, by her Counsel, if fhc Chink fit, touching the said Bill.

African

Trad*.

A Petition of several of the Bond Creditors of the Royal African Company, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the said Company, was pre- Qf the whole House.

for railing of Portions for his Grand-children, according to his Will, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of the 'fhree French Regiments Lord of Foot, formerly under the Command of Major Ge- Lifford's, &c. neral le Me.'loniere, Brigadier BelJaJUe, and the Earloi eaim*nls' Lijford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee the who!<

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the That this House will, upon Friday Morning

l-A t 11 /V M MI>/> L m * m Luam i n H , /» a/^1 m A I At m r A /"v I An - a. - /V 1 . T* 1 f At' n V ' r

Petitioners have been induced, at several times, to lend the said Company about Three hundred thousand Pounds, for which they, and the rest of the Creditors, have Bonds under the Seal of the said Company: That being informed, there is a Bill depending, for destroying the ir

Trade, and taking away the Forts and Settlements of the __________^ ________ __________

Coast of Africa, and for repealing an Act of Parliament, Earl of by his Mother, in Trustees, to be ibid,

of 9° & l o* Wilhehfli 3"’, which obliges all Persons, and to enable him to cut Coppices, for railing Money to

trading to the Lid Coast, to pay the said Company Ten pay Debts, charged upon his paternal Estate. per Cent, on all Goods, exported to the said Coast, for And the same being twice read, were, upon the

Liberty to trade thence; and praying to be heard by Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the their Counsel against the said Bill. House; and are as follow; viz.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill....

The House took into Consideration the Amendments, Lari of made by the Lords to the pill, intituled, An Act to vest the Estates, which came to the Right honourable Other

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration after the Second Reading of the said Bill*

Then the Counsel for the Royal African Company were called in, to be heard against the said Bill.

And the Bill was (according to Order) read a Second time:

And also the Petition of the Royal African Company, against the Bill, was read.

And the Counsel were heard:

And, being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toa:Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition of the Bond Creditors of the Royal African Company be referred to the Con-lideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

Committ«e«. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Nine a Clock.

2, and 3, L. In the Title, leave out " and to enable " him to cut Coppices."

At the End of the Title add " and to enable him to " cut Coppices."

4 Pr. 23 L. For " Eight" read Seven."

6Pr. 41 L. For " Elizabeth" read "Other."

12 Pr. 36 L. Leave out front "in" to "were," in the 2d Line of the 13 Pr. and read Breedon, Ridmar- ley, Debitot, Holy Crojfe in , St I Andrews in

" Parjbore, Pinvin, Malcot, Broughton, Defford, Ecking-

" ton, Parfhore, and Kemmorton, in the said Counties of

" Worcester and Gloucester,"

16 Pr. 16 L. For " Kinnerton" read "Kemmorton."

30 L. Afterxt mentioned" insert' <sand of and from all and every the Uses, Trusts, Limitations, and Agreements, mentioned and expressed in the said recited Tripartite Indenture, dated the Twenty-fourth Day of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Five, and made between the said Other Earl of Plimtuth, of the First Part, the said Elizabeth Whitley, the Mother, and Elizabeth Whitley, the Daughter, of the Second Part, and the said John Errington, John Lane, and Thomas Price, of the Third Part.’/

17 Pr. 7 L. After ‘‘Sales" add "and in the next

Place."

17 Pr. 11 L. After "and" insert " after Payment thereof."

21 Pr. 8 L. After "Successors" add "Executors." Ordered, That Mr. Windjtr do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed unto the said Amendments.

An

a

44

a

c-J

Vet. 16.

176 ' 28° — 29'

Stopford’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. to enable James Stofford, Esquire, to fell Lands in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, and Portions, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Export of Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the Committee of SaltProvision the whole House, to whom the Bill for ascertaining, and from Stot- directing the Payment of the Allowances, to be made an for or upon the Exportation, from Scotland, of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with foreign Salt, imported before the first of May, 1707, and for disposing such Salt, as is still remaining in the Hands of her Majesty’s Subjects there, is committed, that they have Power (if they think fit) to receive a Clause, for explaining a Clause in the Act of the last Parliament, directing the Payment of the Salaries of the Commissioners of the Equivalent.

Reverting Ordered, That Lord Hamilton, Mr. Mafen, Mr. IVirt-Bagot’* Out- ley, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Da. Mr. Offley,

la".rjr Sir John Cope, Mr. Harley, and all the Members for the Counties of Wilts, Devon, and Cornwall, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Reversal of the Outlawry of Elianor Bagot, the Wife of John Bagot, was committed.

Bullei’Estate. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Payment of the Debts of Sir John , Baronet, a Lunatick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord JVm. Powlet, Mr. Mon£lor., Mr. Mr. Archer,

Mr . Foley, Mr. Treby, Mr. Montgomery, Lord Wil-

loughby, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Banks, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Nevill, Sir Wm. Hujller, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Cur Jon, Mr. Price, Mrr Bay He, Mr. Wyn, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Diston, Sir Fran. Sir Hen,

Lyddall, Mr. Lumley; and all that serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bulkley’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable Thomas Bulkley, Gentleman, to fell Part of the Estate comprised in his Marriage Settlement, to pay oft' Debts, which were precedent to, and do affect, the said Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Answers to Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their

Aftcireffes. Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she would be pleased to give Directions for reducing the Number of the Commissioners for managing the Equivalent, for the future} her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions touching the fame, as desired:

And also reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That (lie would be pleased to give Directions, that there might be laid before this House, An Account of all Sums of Money, granted, or voted, since her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown, and how far the same have proved deficient} her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly:

And also reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she would be pleased to direct, that the Returns of the Commissioners, for inquiring into the Losses of the People of Nevis and St. Christophers, may be laid before this House; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions as is desired.

foreign built Ordered, That the Bill, which lie upon the Table, for Ships. making foreign-built Ships free Ships, and the Petitions, which have been presented to the House, against the fame, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Windsor An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Deanery, for annexing the Rectory or Parsonage of Hajely, in the

Martii. A. 1709.

County of Oxon, to the Deanery of her Majesty’s free Chapel'of St. George within her Castle of Windsor, and for veiling the Rectory and parochial Church of St.

Mary, alias North Church, Barkhamstead, in the County of Hertjord, in the Dean and Canons of her Majesty’s free Chapel of St. George within her Castle of Windsor, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Whitaker'* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Acceuntwith ' the Bill to explain the Act of the First Year of her the Public. Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Edward Whitaker to account for such Sums of public Money, as have been received by him.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) presented to the Bank of House, a Bill for enlarging the capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That she Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Ward and Mr. Baron Lovell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Improving improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms j to which the Emon. the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Trials for

TreafoiK’

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow, at One a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThurJJay Morn- Railing the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia, for the Year 1709, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Encouraging Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Coinage, whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the former Acts for the Encouragement of the Coinage.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for making a Provision out of the Money arising out of the Coinage Duty, for the Mint in Scotland.

Resolved, That this. House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Fortifying ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Portsmouth, House, upon the Bill for nominating and impowering &c* ar uur*‘ Commissioners, to make Surveys of Lands and Tenements, which are proper to be purchased, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours of Pertsmouth,

Chatham, and Harwich, and to ascertain the Value of the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 2 90 die Martii;

Anno 8* Ann* Reginas, 1709-Prayers.

MR. Wentworth reported from the Committee, to i.onj

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Willoughby j tuled, An Act toexplain a Clause in a Statute, made in the dc Broke* Twenty-sevench Year of the Reign of King Henry the E sle-Eighth (enabling Tenants in Tail, in Possession, to make Jointures to Wives) and enlarging the fame, so as Richard 1

Lord Willoughby de Broke, and others, Tenants in Tail, in Possession, nfoy make Jointures to the Wives of their eldest Sons, or Grandsons, was committed; that they had examined

t

8 Ann.

2 90 Ma

examined the Allegations of Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Pa concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the Bid in at the Clerk’s Table

m

" of the said Fourth Part,

> ' 4 V)

1C

Bndfhaigh's Lilate.

Pr. 19. 54 L. Leave out "Part of a Fourth Part."

At the End of the Bill add "and vested in them, the " said Charles Edgerton and Peter Sh acker ley, by this present Act, as if this Act had never been nude," Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

-i.it

; j

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intiruJed. An Act Pierrepont'*

. .*^1 ----- r *Y 1 n* ----- Chdnuvs*

The House took into Coolideration the Amendments, nude by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Fourth Part of a Fourth Part of

the Pilate of the late Counrels of Oxford (now the Ellate for bettsr ellabh fh ing certain Charities ol John ’,

of Sir Roper Bradshaigh, Baronet) to be sold, to pay was read the Third time.

Portions, and Debts, and with the Remainder of the RThat the BUI, with the Amendments, do Money, arising by fuel) Sa c, to purchase other Lands, pass.

to be settled to the same Uses, as his paternal Ellate is. Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to by his Marriage Settlement. the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath.

Ami t!»: same were twice read, and, upon the Question agreed to the lame, with some Amendments; to which severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

are as follow; viz.

jo Pr. 35 L. After "appear" inlert, "And whereas Mr. Tredenham (according to Order) reported from Reverting *' an Act of Parliament, made in the 5th and 6th Years the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lord 'lane's of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for con- Lords, intituled, An Act to reverie the Outlawry and " firming and elta’dishing the Partitions, made between Attainder of Chrifopher Lord Baron of Slane, in,

" 11 ill!am Pier re point, Esquire (lint e dcccaledj and the was committed; that they had considered the Petition,

" honourable Charles EJperton, Esquire, a.id others, of to them referred; and had nude some Amendments

" several Manors, and Lands, in the Counties of Suffolk, the Bill, which they had directed.him to icp">rt to the " Kent, and Surrey, and to enable IVtLiam and Samuel House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards Pierre pint. Infants, to make Part dim of Linds in delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were

read, and are as follow; viz.

L. 35. After "declared" add "from henceforth;"

Settlement of and after the Words " to be," leave out " reversed and

.*1

" other Counties, and to sell the same, and purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same U:es, and for

Marriage

" rectifying a M.llake in the

" William Peck, Esquire; ai d by an Indenture octopartite, dated the Fil'd Day ot , 170c, and

" by Articles indented, dated the 24th Day of " ijo6 (which laid Indenture, and Articles, are in the " said Act recited, or mentioned) it doth appear, that some Divihon, or Partition, hath been made of all

u

the said Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in the said Counties of StiffIk, Kent, and Surrey, and that the divided Shares and Part', belonging to the said Sir Roper Bradjhaig’i, and Dame Mary, his Mother, lying

in the said Counties, should remain, continue, and be, in such Person and Perlbrn, and for fuel) Ellate

and Estates, and subjectedand made liable to the same TruAs, Powers, Charges, and Agreements, as their " undivided Shares were at the making of the said Partitions; as by the said Act, Indenture odopartitc, u and indented Articles, may appear.

12 Pr. 37 L. Leave out fio.n "them" to "which," in the 39 L. and inlert "as well those already divided, " let out, and allotted, by the said o&opartite Inden- ture, and Articles, in the Counties of Suffolk, Kent, and Surrey, to the said Sir Payer and Dame

" Mary, his Mother, or one of them, as also all and every other Part and Parcel, Share and Shares, of him " the said Sir Roper Bradshaigh, and Dame Mary, his Mother, -or either of them, of all, every, or any, the H Premises, lyin^ in the Counties of Effete t Hertford,

Gloucester, and City of London, every, or any, of them."

ij Pr. t L. Leave out "and;" after " in-

sect " and the said Act of Parliament."

2 L. After " let tied’* inferc " ratified."

18 L. Leave out " and."

19 L."Leave out "aforementioned and, " and, in the same Line, before "every" insert "Adi of Parliament atbrementioned, Indenture odlopartite, and " Articles, in the said Act mentioned."

3.9 L. Leave out from "of" to "aH," in the next Line.

31 L. After " the" insert " said."

37 L. After "deceased" insert "and vested in them, the said Charles Edgerton and Peter 1 as aforesaid."

Pr. 17. 33 L. Leave out "and."

34 L. Leave out " aforesaid," and insert "Adi of Parliament aforesaid, or any thing io the said Act cotnpriled."

Vo 4. 16.

II

" made."

L. 26. After "void" leave out all to "any," in the next Line, and inllead thereof inlert "and the said " Chrifopher is hereby restored to his Blood, and Title " of Honour, only."

L. 29. After "notwithstanding" leave out all to the End of the Bill, and inllead thereof insert Clause; marked A.

" Provided always, and be it further enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, that all the Lands, Tenements,

" and Hereditaments, of the said Baron

" ot Slane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited by the

laid Outlawry, and Attainder, lor High Treason, shall ‘ and may, at all times hereafter, be respectively lawfully

held and enjoyed against the said Chrifopher Lord ‘ Baron of Slane, and his Heirs and Assigns, and the 1 Heirs Males and Heirs of his Body, and against all [ Perlor.s whatsoever, claiming, or to claim, by, from,

or under, t lie laid Chrifopher, or any of his Ancellors, by her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and by the respective Persons, and their Heirs and Assigns, intitled to the same by and under the said Trullees, appointed by the Sale of the lift Forfeitures, according to such Estates and Interests therein, as they respectively had immediately before the making of this Act, and as they might have held and enjoyed the fame, if the said Outlawry and Attainder had remained in full Force; and that the Right, Title, Claim, and Demand, of the said Chrifopher, and his Heirs and Assigns, and of the Heirs Males and Heirs of his Body, and of all Persons whatsoever, claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under, the said Chrifopher, or any of his Ancellors,

" of, in, or to, the same Premises, and every Part thereof,

" is and are hereby declared and enacted to be barred,

" extinguished, and determined.*’

The First of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to me made thereunto, by leaving out die Word "only."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the said Amendment, thus amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.,

«C

cc

The

.1

Pagers

wlating to the Public.

Counterfeit*

ingCoia,&c

lord Jeffery s1 Estate.

Suflerers at Nevis and St. Christophers

A run dell EleOtion.

178 290 Martii. 1708.

The Residue of the said Amendments were severally use, of at, and after, the Election, in respect of a pre-read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally tended Scrutiny, to prevent the Petitioner (though duly put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. elected) from being returned: That, notwithstanding all

those Practices, the Petitioner had a Majority of Twelve Tile House took into Consideration the Amendments legal Votes, by the Mayor’s own Poll; yet the Mayor made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to hath returned the Lord Shannon: And praying the prevent the laying of Wagers, relating to the Publick. Consideration of the House, and Relief therein.

And the same were twice read, and, upon the Question Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and at the Bar of this House upon the Tenth Day

are as follow: of May next.

i Sk. 4 L. After " War" insert "and other Matters,

" relating to the Government." The Orders of the Day being read;

l! L. For‘‘first" read "lad." Ordered, That the Memorial of Monsieur Vryberge, of Arreanof

12 L. For "Eight" read "Nine." the 8th of March Instant, upon Mr. Hallungius’ Petition,

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do cany the Bill to and the Declaration of several Officers, relating to the the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath Arrears, due to the Thirteen Regiments, be taken

agreed to the said Amendments. into Consideration upon Saturday next, atTwclve a Clock,

fed

KUiid

Kiiaker

UM ' T'b lilt pjlXi

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual an Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, as also an Act for giving like Remedy, upon promissory Notes, as is used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of inland Bills of Exchange, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for making perpetual an Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, as also an Act for giving like Remedy upon promissory Notes, as is used uporl Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of inland Bills of Exchange; and also for continuing several Acts, made in the fourth and fifth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts.

Ordered, That Mr. Peyton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Barony of Wem, and Manors of IVem and JLoppington, and several Lands and Tenements, in the County of Salop, and the Manors of Dolby and Broughton, and Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Leicester, and the Manor of Fulmer, and several Lands and Tenements, in the County of Bucks, late the Estate of George late Lord Jefferys, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts and Portions, and other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords delirc the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read.

The Bdl was accordingly read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that a Messenger attended, with the Returns from the Commissioners, for inquiring into the Losses of the People of Nevis and St. Christophers (pursuant to the Address for the same to

her Majesty) he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented the said Returns to the House.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Edmund Dimmer, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election for the Borough of Arundel/, in the County of Sussex, the 12th Instant, the Lord and the

Petitioner Hood Candidates; when George Moor, Mayor, John Deane, a Commissioner of the Taxes, Thomas

an Attorney, and several others, were Agents for the said Lord; and by Bribery, Threats, and other indirect and illegil Practices, procured several Votes for the said Lord, and deterred several Peffons from voting for the Petitioner; and other arbitrary Proceedings were made

A Petition of John Savage, Gentleman, in behalf of Duua several of the Inhabitants of the Counties of Wexford,'

Kilkenny, and other Counties, in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Year 1690 the Government of Ireland ordered the Subjects of that Kingdom to subsist and maintain the Army, employed in the Reduction thereof, promising them Payment: That Brigadier Eppinger'% Dragoons, and other Dutch and Danish Troops, were quartered in and about the said Counties, and maintained by the Petitioners, two whole Winters, and hitherto have had no Satisfaction:

That the Officers, or their Agents, by Threats reduced the Demands of the Country to veiy inconsiderable Sums, and for which several of them gave Bills: That their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary appointed Commffioners in Ireland, to state the Accounts between the Army and the Country; which was done, and the Petitioners Agent delivered up to the Commissioners the Officers Bills, and the Commissioners signed printed Certificates of what remained due to the Petitioners:

That they are informed, this House intends to clear the Remains, due to the said foreign Troops without Regard to the Debts, due from them to the Subjects of Ireland:

And praying, this honourable House will use some Means for the Petitioners Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Saturday next, when the said Memorial is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Improving for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms, was th* [ n‘oa* (according to Order) read the First rime. Tri,i* ter

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, 'jrenion. That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdlcn for the

T.Uer, for, he Noe^^>"')

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second Time on

Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bills, which lie upon the Table, for Foreign-kuilt making foreign-built Ships free Ships, and the Petitions shlP»* which have been presented to the House, against the' fame, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart, and William Murray, Merchants, be taken into Consideration xvith0*^ upon Monday Morning next. Scotland.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Insolvent whom the Bill for the Ease of insolvent Debtors, was Debtor*, committed, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Sufferers at whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the ‘ls>vi9an'lSt*

‘fira

team

1

8 Ann.

Supply gran fed to her Majesty, to enable the People of Hevis and >S7. Chriflop hers to rc*settle there, be received upon Monday next, at Twelve a Clock.

2 90 — 3 o°Martii.

179

Pr. 2. L. 36. After " Parcel*’ "

Pr. 5. JL. 40. After " time’' insert " of."

Export of

f»a)t J'rovi-fion

M>iLiDd

The Lord William reported from the Commit- Ely«’«Eftat%. tee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, inti- T

..v*., ..... ...iv. - ,....., ..... tuJed, An Act to enable Esquire, tp raifrMo?

tfourtoconsider funhc"*}fthe Bill 'for ascertaining, neys out of his Estate, to pay his Debts, and for settling

and directing the Payment of the Allowances, to be made the Residue thereof, together with the Estate of for or upon the Exportation, from Scotland\ of Fish, Beef, his Wife, to the Uses intended by the Marriage Settle*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve i tidfinto a Committee of the whole

irrtatf

D;

and Pork, cured with foreign Salt, imported before the First of May, 1707, and for disposing such Salt, as is still remaining in the Hands of her Majesty *s Subject* there.

Whitaifr

Acrmmt with tilt Public*

ment, was committed; that they had examined the Ai legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the Refohed, That this House will, To-Morrow Morning, House, without any Amendment; And be delivered the retolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill in at the Clerk's Table, the Bill to explain the Act, of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Edward Sir reported from the Committee, to

Whitaker to account for such Sums of publick Money, whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled. An

How/*

Efts*,

as have been received by him.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 30° Mart it;

Anno 8" Ann® Regin®, 1709.

Act to enable William Howe, of Somerton Early, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, to fell the Manor and Farm of Gunvile, Easthry, alias Tarrant , in the County of Dorset, and several Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, in Gtmvile Eastbvry, alias Tarrant Gunvile, aforesaid, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments, ofgreater Value, to the same Uses, to which the said Manor and Premises in Gun

Gunvile, now Hand limited, in lieu thereof, was commit- , ted; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-

Africa*

Creditor*

Pr A YE RS.

A PETITION of several Persons, in behalf of them- £e'ned h*d S,v'n the!r Consents to the Bill, to the Satif-

jtx selves, and others. Creditors of the African Company, upon Bond, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that great Sums of Money are owing to the Petitioners, for principal Money, and Interest, on Bonds from the Royal African Company; and it being in the said Company’s rower to prefer Payment to some Persons, and postpone others, whereby their Debts are be- AAi f rn . , - -

come very precarious: And praying their same may be Act fPatr0Ils to Advowsons, was

1 /» 1 ' committed z that they had man* Am^n^mnntc

faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Patron* Right* to' Advowsoos.

taken into’Confederation, and be relieved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to

committed; that they had made several’Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where

whom the Bill for the better Improvement of the Trade " 7 tn'm ,n.at the Ylcr* s *able; wh<tre

10 Africa, by cfl.blifl.ing . regulated Company. U com- ,h'y*ere tw," read’ , and- UP°" severally

milted, and that it be anlnllroaion to the Committee, P" ,h"eUpon' "«r"d "n,° by lb' and are "

Dwwbuefe Iron and ‘

that they have Power to receive a Clause (if they think fit) for the Petitioners Relief.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Iron and Steel, in and about London, on the behalf of themselves.and several Thousands dwelling more remote, was presented to the House, and read: letting forth, that by reason of the Drawbacks, and Encouragement, in the Exportation of unwrought Iron and Steel, great Quantities thereof are daily exported to her Majesty’s Plantations and Colonies, and there manufactured, to the great Discouragement of the Petitioners Trade: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

follow i viz.

Pr. 1. L. 10. After the Word "Usurpation" insert " which from and after the first Day of May, in the Year " of our Lord 1709, shall be made,"

L. 14. After the Word *c he" insert or

" Ihe."

L. 16. After "his" insert"or her"

L. 24. After " his" insert " or her."

L. 25. After " his" insert " or her."

L. last. After the first " his" insert " or her ;" and after the fesond "his" insert or her."

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hampden (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for regulating the Payment of Seamens

Seatnen’a

Wages.

Harvey’g

Will.

referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are __________ _ _____ __________ __________

to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Wages; and the same was received, and read the First Supply granted to her Majesty. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Saturday Morning next, the better Performance of the Will of Stephen Hervey,

Esquire, deceased. and nuking Provision for hisChildren, OrThat the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, in- Reverting was committed; that they had examined the Allegations tituJed, An Act to reverie the Outlawry and Attainderof Lord Sian* of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Christopher Lord Baron of Sloane, in Ireland, be read the Uam er‘ Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to Third time upon Friday next; and that the Chairman of the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commit- the Committee, to whom the Bill was committed, do then

attend in his Place.

tee bad made Two Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follow» viz.

V^l. Id.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the Relief of the L»rl of Earl of Clanrickard (lately called Lord Bophin) of the a

Kingdom of Ireland, in relation to his Estate in Ireland, be read a Third time To-morro\v, at Twelve a Clock

Ordered,

i8o 30° — -31° Mart it. A. 1709.

Bulkley’s

Eftau.

Bank of England Stock, &c.

Marquis of

I.indfey's

Elute.

Picrrepoint'*

Charities.

Minfh all’* Ltmte.

Ways ana Means.

fortifying

l’ortiiiiiiuth,

itc.llarboi.r

Whitaker’s

Account with the PuUie.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill From die Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thom Gentleman, to

fell Part of the Estate, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, to pay off Debts, which were precedent to, and do affc&, the fold Settlement, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of tire Day being rend;

A Bill for enlarging the capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for ratling a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709, was read a Second time, v

Refelved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve jtself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming to Robert Marquis of Lmdfey, Lord Great Chamberlain of England, and his Heirs, a Hou'e, and inclosed Fourth Part of tire Park of Haveting, in the County of Essex, in Recompence and Satisfaction of his Interests in the Office or Custody of the said House, and Park, was committed, be received To-, morrow, at Twelve a Clock; and that the Countess Dowager of Lindsey be then heard by her Counsel at the Bat

of this House (if she think fit) touching the said Bill.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Gery, and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better establishing certain Charities of

Also, the Lords Have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Term of Five hundred Years, created by Richard MinfiaO, Esquire, and his Trustees, for securing the Payment of Eight thousand Pounds, and Interest; to which the Lords deli re the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House resolved itself‘ into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for nominating and impowering Commissioners, to make Surveys of Lands and Tenements, which are proper to be purchased, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours of P or if mouth, Chatham, and Harwich, and to ascertain the Value of the

lame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at One a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain the Act of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Edward VFhitaker to account for such Sums of publick Money, as have been received by him.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

jfovis,

Anno8* Annae Reginas, 1709.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Adfc Minfliatft for confirming a Term of Five hundred Years, SlUie. created by Richard Mhsshall, Esquire, and his Trustees, fur securing the Payment of Eight dioufand Pounds, and Interest, was read the First time, and ordered to be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir John Crisp, Baronet, and Charles African

Esquire, Grand Ions and Representatives of Sir Trade,

Crisp, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Nicholas Crisp, the Petitioners Greatr grandfather, about 1632 had, with others, Letters Patents from King Charles the First, for the foie Trade of Guinea, Byn, and Angola, on the Coast of Africa, for 31 Years, and afterwards bought in the other Partners Shares:

That the said Sir Nicholas first opened the Trade to , and built the Castle of Cormanteen, and ere (fled Fadories in the Country, at the Expence (as he computes, by his Will in the Year 1^65) of £. 100,000. That in 1647 the King granted him 2o’r Years more, after the Expiration of the said 31 Years: That in 1660 King James (then Duke of York) obtained Letters Patents, for erecting a Company for the said Trade to Africa-, whereupon Petitioners Grandfather petitioned his Majesty in Council, and on 20th December, 1661, it was referred to a Committee, to endeavour to reconcile and adjust Matters betwixt said Sir Nicholas, and the then erected Company:

That afterwards the Lords Committees made an Order, that said Grandfather should receive of the said Company £. 20,000 to be paid by Two and an Half per Cent, upon all their Goods, outwardsand homeward bound; to which the Company leetii to acquiesce, and thereupon took possession of the said Castle of Cormanteen, but never paid a Peny to said Grandfather, or his Family: That ifi 1663 the Dutch took the Castle of Cormanand are dill in Possession thereof: That by a Bill now depending, the Royal African Company are to receive Satisfaction for their Forts and Callles upon the Coast of Guinea:

And praying, they may be admitted, by themselves, or Counsel, to make out their Claim and Right, and be relieved.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition bfc referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, by their Counsel, if they think fit.

An ingrafted Bill for the Relief of the Earl of Clanri- Earl of card, (lately called Lord Bepbin) of the Kingdom of g££cftrd* Ireland, in relation to his Estate in Ireland, was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That the Right and Title of John Fillers, claiming the Title of Earl of Buckingham, to £. 20,000 charged on the Premisses, may be saved.

And the same was once read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second time;

It paded in the Negative.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall be allowed in all Courts of Justice in Great Britain and , as a publick Act.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the several Amendments following were feveradly proposed to be made to the Bill:

Pr. 3. L. 33. Leave out " Three," and insert " Four;" and after " Thousand" inferc " Three hundred."

Pr. 6. L. 3. After which" insert " have not been " answered to the Pablkk, and, ’*

1*

JS

fT!

Tv.,

1

8 Ann

3 tfMartii — i °Jprilis.

181

L. 33. Before whereas’* i "And.

Ordered, That Mr. Watson, Mr.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put Daeth. Sir John Hauler, Palmer Mr.

thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was Sir Sir Rebow, Mr.

y "O ' . AM* IbfMfluf*," Mr HtritP Mr N/tW/ir Mr, HaLL

Bolles*

Estate.

Allt?

U

amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Petition of James Dillon, Esquire, being offered to the House, against a Clause in the Bill;

And the Question being put. That the Petition be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdlcrs for.bc Yeas.* *

TclIersforthcNoes,’Mr /

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be An Act for the Relief of the Earl of Clanrikard (lately cjlled Lord Bophin) of the Kingdom of Ireland, in relation to his Estate, and for the more effectual felling, or setting, the Estate of the said Earl to Protestants.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

} >9-

}>4S-

per, Mr. Mttbwyn, Mr. Heme, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Ball, Mr. Dormer, Sir Jeff. Jeffreys, Mr. , Mr. Cook, Mr. Momfeffon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Motif on, Mr. Got, Mr. Booth, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Hampden, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Payment of the Debts of Sir John Bolles, Baronet, a Lunatick, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, i° die Apr His; Anno 8* Anna; Regime, 1709.

Pit

A Y 2 R 8.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord Jeffrey, for veiling the Barony of IVem, and Manors of/Fern Estate.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of JhuxdWhu* Woollen Cloth, made in the County of York, with one Amendment; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

WooBeo

Cloth

I Mtrquis of Lindsey’a Skate.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming to Robert Marquis of Lindsey, Lord Great Chamberlain of England, and his Heirs, a House, and inclosed , e.

Fourth Fart of be Park of i, ,he County of > V/'k"h?4

Essex, in Itecompence and Satistadion of his Inrcrcfts in --r* - Sit Fran. Mafljam. Sir

the Office or Custody of the said House, and Park, was

and Loppington, and several Lands and Tenement.®, in the County of Salop, and the Manors of Dolby and Broughton, and Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Leicester, and the Manor of Fulmer, and several Lands and Tenements, in the County of Bucks, late the Estate of George late Lord Jeffreys, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and Portions, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wind-for, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Mr. Dolben, Mr.

Monflon, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vatic, Lord Wrn. Pozvlett, Mr. Curfon, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Brewer,

Mr. Benson, Mr. Campion, Mr. Annejley, Mr.

Mr. Nloreton, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Ball, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Gape, Mr. Portman, Mr. Wat-

Mr. Chambers, Thomas Travell, Mr. Rosse, Mr. Harris, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Colonel

wich. Sir Wm^ St. Quin/in, Mr. Sambrooke; and all, that

And

committed; r , . , _ ,- -

And a Motion being made, and the Question being f?rvcfor the Countle*.off^> Leicester: An

put. That the said Report be now received; ai\t0* ^jf1 t^‘s,^ernoon» at Five a Clock, 1

The House divided: the SPeaker s Chamber.

The Yeas go forth

in

Te,rrs for,= V^:/^.

Tellers for be Noes J

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock; and that the Countess

) n5* } *34-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands, and Annuities, late the Estate of John Coldham, of Tooting Graventy, Esquire, deceased,

for railing of Portions for his Grandchildren, according to his Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved \That the Bill be committed to Mr. Campion, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Coldham's

Estate®

Dowager of Lind/ty be ben heard by her Counsel (if flic

Churchill, Mr. , Mr.

think fit) upon her Petition, relating to the said Bill.

African

Tra'b.

Improving the I'mun.

Trials for Trealbu.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Improvement of the Trade to Africa, by establishing a regulated Company.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth

149.

141.

- , v (The Lord William Powlet,

Tellers for the Yeas, JMr< Cowper. j

®r 11 e . 1 xt ("Colonel Grant,

Tellers for the Noes,£Mr,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vox,. 16.

Onslow, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Price, Mr. Sco-betl. Sir Jeff. Jeffryes. Sir Wm. Ashurst,

Mr. Saunders, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Mr. Middleton,

Mr. Brewer, Mr. Atmejley, Mr. Cartteige, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Batch, Mr. IMr. Bacon, Mr.

Windsor, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Bert, Mr. Naylor, Mr.

Evelyn, Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Rudge, Mr.

Mr. Hyfham, Mr. Edifbury, Mr. Dtfton , Sir IVm. St.

Quintin, Sir IVm. Whitlock-, and all, that lerve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Bulkley, Gentleman,'to fell part of the

Estate, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, to pay off Debts, which were precedent to, anddoaffeft, the said Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Pawlett, Mr. S hacker ley. Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Cur-Zon, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Hampden, Sir Wa. Young, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Freeman, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Carneage, Mr. Dolben, Sir Gilb. Dolben, Mr. Portman, Mr Brewer, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Vane, Sir

Z a J'ff

Bulkley’*

Estate.

G

Barckley Castle, &c. Ships.

Marquis of Lind fey's Estate.

Encouraging

Coinage.

Lord

Lifford’s, Sec. Regiments.

Export of Salt Provision from Scotland.

I&3

tfApriUs.

A. 1709-

Jtf. Jdpycs, Mr. Anwftey, Sir John utubery, Mr- Lozv-thecr, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Archer., Mr. Bap, Mr. Crew, Mr. Offey, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Sw Mr.; and all, lerv$ for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, and Devon: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tfje House (according to Order) took into Confederation, flip gill for making the Ships, the Barckley and James of Montroffe, free Ships.

And the House being informed, that the Petitioners, against making foreign-built Ships free, do not oppose the Bill, as to the said Two Ships being made free;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read {

Mr. Bertie (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming to Robert Marquis of Lindsey, Lord Great Chamberlain of and his Heirs, a House, and inqlofed Fourth Part of the Park of Havering, in the County of EJJ'ex, in Recptn-pence an,d Satisfaction of his Interests in the Office or Custody of the said House, and Park, was committed; that they had ma<fe several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And hq read the fjime in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon, the Question feve rally put thereupon, agreed unto By the House.

Ajnd Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Idqufe, that, upon the Lord Marquis of s Appli-

cation to her Majesty, her Majesty bad been p,leased to command him to acquaint the House, that (he hath no Objection to the Rill.

’ Then the Coupfej for the Countess Dowager of Lindr ffy, were Called in, to be.heard upon her Petition, relating to tbq said Rill i and also Counsel for the Lord Marquis ^of Litttffey, to be heard for the Bill.

And the Countess \Petition was read; and the Counsel on bosh Sides beard; and a Witness, on the Part of the Countess, examined.

And the Counsel, and Witness, being withdrawn;

And a Clause, which had been proposed by the Counsel for the Countess, on her behalf, being offered, to be added to the Bill, That one full Third Part of the flticj House, and of the Fourth Part of the said Lands, so giveu in Recompence, should be vested in the said Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Lindsey, for her Life:

And the fame'was once read.'

And a Motion being made, and the Question. being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It paired in the Negative

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ipgrofled.

RfolveeL, That this House will, upon Monday Morning- nest, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the former Acts for the Encouragement, of the Coinage.

is dill remaining in the Hands of he-T Majesty’s Subjects there.

Ordered, That the Bills for making the Ships, called Frit-nds the Friends Goodwill and Experiment, and the Ship Francis OooUwlll, and Samuel (fqreign-built) free Ships of Great Britain, and *c‘ the Petitions, which have been presented to the House, against making foreign-built Ships free Ships, be taken into Considerat ion upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Reve:fin» tituled, An Act to reyerfe the Outlawry and Attainder Lord SLnc’ of Christopher Lord Baron of Sfone, in Ireland, be read AUainder-the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the Bank of whole House, to consider further of the Bill for enlarging England the capital Stpck of the Bank of England, and for raising Stock»&c-a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. ffqrrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Way* whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and "d Meanfc Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, be received upon, Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. , Mr. Lord

Scobell, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Nevill,.Mr. NichoU, Mr. Pitt, Sir Roger Rradfhaw, Mr. Travers, Mr. 1 ate‘

Sir Edward Lawrence, Mr. Cartwright*, Lord Hide,

Mr. Eorrefter, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Ogle, Sir John

Mr. Sanderson, Mr. Arundell, Mr. , Mr. Tratr

man. Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Harley, Sir Jacob Ranks,

Mr. Foley, Lord Woodftoch, Sir Geo. Mr. Archer, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Crew, Lord Sir

Edward Goodgier, Colonel Tates, Mr. Mr. Aijlaby, be added-to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Barony of Wem, and Manors of Wem and several

Lands and Tenements, in the County of Salop, and the Manors of Dolby and Broughton, and Lands thereto belonging, io the County of Leicester, and the Manor of Fulmer, and several Lands and Tenements, in the Counfcjr of Bucks, late the Estate of George, law Lord ceased, in Trustees, to be sold, fern Payment of Debts* and Portions, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sahbdti, 2° d;

J

11

1

1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Three French Regiments of foot, formerly under the Command of Major General le Mcllmierrc, Brigadier Belcaftk, and the Earl of Lifford.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole rtoufe, to consider, further of the Bill for asce.rt3ining, and directing the Payment of, the Allowances, to be made for or upon the Exportation, from Scotland, of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with Foreign Silt, imported before the Krft, of May, 1707, and for dispafing such Salt, a?

Annp, 8*' Anna Regina, 1709.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Stopford* Esquire, to fell Lands in

the County of Nottingham, for. Payment of Debts, and Portions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran. Masham, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Anne fey, Mr. F. ley, Mr. Topham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sir Gilb.

Mr. Dolben, Lord Wm. Powle, Mr. Serjeant,

Mr. Brewer, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ajlsbie, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Gape, Lord Connings by, Mr. , Mr. York, Mr, Got, Mr. Shacker!eyt Mr. Ward, Sir Gilfa

Heat hoot t,

Stopford’*

Lftitc.

Jl

as

; v

1-

5 n V;

T f 6 ' > ^4,.

t

l

8 AnN. 2° Aprilis. 783

Heathcott, Sir Cta. Turner, Mr. Medlycotl, Sir Tho.

Webjler, Mr. Wentworth, Afr. Herne, Major General Trelawny, Mr. ifay/v, Mr. Mr. and a/l

for the Counlies of Nottingham, Devon, and Mr/^ Wales: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Windsor An ingrossetl Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act lMuoer/. yor annexing the Rectory or Parsonage of Hafely, in tire

County of Onon, to the Deanery of her Majesty’s free Cha-peJ of Saint George within her Castle of Windsor, and for veiling the Redoryand parochial Church of Saint Mary, alias North Church, Barkham’in the County of Hertford, in the Dean and Canons of her M.ije/ly's free Chapel of Saint George within her Castle of Windsor, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Revived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ham, Sir Cha. Turner, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Compton, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Sir Gilt. Doiben, Mr.

Dclben, Mr. Morrison, Mr Oglethorpe, Mr. Ball, Mr.

Po t, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Prvfe, Mr. Gape, Mr.

Mr. Ash, Mr. Bertie, Sir D. Dalrymple, Mr. Foarer. Sir John Cope, Sir Ntch. Morrice, \lr. Votes, Lord by. Lord Lum/ey, Sir William Withers, Mr. Serjeant Bonnet, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Sir Elliot, Mr.

Duncombe, Mr. Wyll, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Coxt; and all, that serve for the Counties of Berks, Busks, and Oxon: And they are to meet at Fire a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hifehiefs An ingrossed Bill for making more cfledual an Act, by Fire, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That no Brick or Stone Work, in the Fronts, Party or Partition Walla, of any Building whatsoever, to be eroded upon new or <*kl Foundations, in London and Westminster, shall be supported by any sort of Timber, on pain of forfeiting Twenty Pouads to Greenwich Hospital.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

Then the Clause was read a Third time, and amended.

And a Motion being mode, and the Question being put, That the Chuse be made Pact of the Bill;

The House divided:

The Yeas ga forth:

Tdl»fcrU»T«H^£J^, } 54.

Teller, for } 7u

So it pasted in the Negative.

An Amendment was proppfed to be made to the ft If, t*r. 6. L. last, after Gallons’* to mfrrt " at any one " time, of all or a njthe laid Commodities/’

And the same was, upon the-Question put thereupon* agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ResolvedThat the Bill do pals; and that the Title be.

An Act for nuking more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire.

Ordered, That Sir William Withers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a BHJ, intituled, An Act to A. Stafford's enable Anthony Stafford, Gentleman, to fell, or mortgage, EAat*. some Part of his Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Derby and Chester, for the Payment of his Father's Debts, and his own, and the better settling and securisg the rest, for the Benefit of his Wife, and Family: to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Lovendes presented to the House (pursuant to Public Debts their Addresses to her Majesty for the lame) and Revenue

An Extract of the general Account of puWick Debts, 0 co made up by the Judges of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, according to an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equivaleot Money:

An Abbreviate, from the Commissioners and Comptrollers General of the Revenue of the Customs in of

the Produce of the said Revenues, from the First of Flay,

1707, to the 25th of December, 1708:

An Abbreviate, from the Commissioners and Comptrollers General of the Revenue of Excise in Scotland, of the Produce of the said Revenues, from the First 0£A6y,

1707, to the 25th of December, 17081 And also an Abstract of particular Accounts, shewing, Sums voted what Sums have been voted, addressed for, or enacted, *his Reign, upon Account of publick Services, since her Majesty's '

Accession to the Crown, and how fat the feme have proved deficient.

And the Titles of the said Extract, Abbreviates, apd Abstract, were read.

Ordered, That the- faic| Extract, Abbreviates; and Abstract, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Extract, and Abbreviates, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the said Abstract is in the next preceding Sheet annexed.

Vol. 16,

An

1

1

g

eg.

r-+

n‘

CD

CL

CT

Aw ABSTRACT of the particular Accounts, shewing, what Sums have been voted, addressed for, or enacted, upon account of public Sendees, since her Majesty’s Accession to the

Crown, and how far the same have proved deficient.

00

4"

I.

Sums voted, addressed for, or enacted.

3,700,033

3>7I2>31® 4,229,866 5,055,102 5,086,761

1.

7

11

18

16

16

2.

The yearly Grants, as those Grants were estimated iu Parliament.

d.

9*

5

6,100,48 a 8 a| 6,021,926 6 1

3,200,000

3,587.630

4.000,000

4,714,888

5.075.761

x. */.

3

16

4

2

5,942,381 15 6,019,067 15

6|

6i

The Deficiency of the said Grants, to wit, the Difference between the Total of the Sums voted, and the Total of the estimated Value of the Grants.

500.033

124,688

229,866

340,214

11,000

s.

7

ti

18

12

d.

9*1

5

ii*

8

158,100 12 2,858 10

8

61

The real Sum* supplied to the Publick, upon or by virtue of thofeGrant*.

3,020,058 3,216,097 3>9* 8.323 4.709.457 5,081,398

s.

2

13

14 *5

d.

8*

6*

3i|

1*

zi

5,942,381 is 6,019,067 15

61

6I1

Tor the Year 1702, as per the Account, marked A -

For the Year 1703, as per the Account, marked B - For the Year 1704, as per the Account, marked C - For the Year 1705, as per the Account, marked D - For the Year 1706, as per the Account, marked E -NoteyThe Deficiency of the estimated Value of the Grants in the Year 1706 is£. 1 i,coo} the Excess of the Money, supplied by those Grants, more than the estimated Value, is£. 5,636.

19*. o\d which reduces the Deficiency of£.i 1,000 in the

third Column, to £.5,363. 01. w\din the last Column.

For the Year 1707, as per the Account, marked F - For the Year 1708, as per the Account, marked G -

£- '33»9o6.49a 4 7*>32»539>729 *° 7 1 1,366,762 14 — 4!3»>9°6,785 *i

Memorandum; The following Deductions are to be made in Abatement of the real Deficiency of the Funds,

In the Account for the Year 1704, the Sum of £. 218,161. 18 s.$±d is charged, as paid, pursuant to an Address of the House, to make good"} Alliances with the Duke of Savoy \ and in the Account for the Year 1705, the Sum of £. 40,000 was voted by the House, for Subsidy to the f Duke of Savoy from the 3d October, 1703,10 the 25th December, 1703; which £. 40,000 is taken to be voted Anno 1705, towards making good C

so much of the £.218,161. i8x. Sid. as was paid Anno 1704;' therefore (unless abated) makes a double Charge.....j

In the Account for the Year 1705, the Sum of £. 107,500 is charged, as paid, pursuant to an Address of the House, to make good Treaties^ with the King of Prussia; and in the Account for the Year 1706, the Sum of £. 48,630 appears to be voted by the House, for making goods Subsidies to the King of Prussia, which was not provided for Anno 1705 i which £. 48,630 is taken to be voted 1706, towards making good/ io much of the £. 107,500 as was paid Amo 1705, and (unless abated) makes also a double Charge - -y

Also, in the Account for the Year 1705, the Sum of £. 65,000 is charged, as paid, pursuant to an Address of the House, for Bounty Money to! Land Forces and Train; and in the Account for the Year 1706, the like Sum 65,000 was voted, to make good the said Bounty Money > Anno 1705 i which is likewise a double Charge; and therefore abate -

So that the real Deficiency of the Funds (after making the aforegoing Deductions for Sums doubly charged) to answer all the public Services') voted, addressed for, or enacted, pursuant to the particular Accounts referred to, is ----- -j

2d April, 1709.

IVm. Lowndes.

o

o

o

00

7T

The Deficiency of the said Funds, to wit, the Difference between the estimated Values in Parliament, and the real Sums supplied thereby.

6.

the Total of the 3d and 5 th Columns, containing the Deficiences, as well of the Grants, as of the Funds for answering the publick Services, voted, SfC* in each Year.

c s. d £ s. d

179,941 *9 3* 679.975 7 *T

37 *.53* *7 Si 496,221 8 IOf

81,676 1 81 3 *.543 — . 8

5.43° 9 2k 345.645 1 lot

- - - 5.363 — m

638,581 7 8*

40,000 -

48,630 —

65,000 -

Tain, Arc. Election.

Tain, Sec, Wilt.

8 (Ann. 3° Apr Ms. 48$

OhfctW, That *3ir James MatkHzy hkta Leatfe to 'London 'hear Pduf s Wharf,' and1 By a LlgMer hieing cast withdraw his Petition, toothing the :Election for the away, by stormy Weather, on*the‘River ThamesK after (Burgh of 5 Vdh, in the County o i'Rifs.Duties paid: That ProvrfiOris have been made By feve-

Qrdtred, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ral Acts of Parliament, to Proprietors, in fevetal Cafeis, the CleHc of the Crown, to toake out a new Writ for* the for Loss of Salt,..... a like Quantity, Duty free: And

efcfting a fComrtiissioner to fcrVe in this present Parliament for the District of Tam, in the Shire of Refs, in the room of the Right honourable William Lord Strdtbridver, Ire being the ddeft Son of a Peer of fhat'Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and thereby declared to be incapable to fit in this House.

Sing a Clause may be brought into some Bill for ing Petitioner an Allowance of a like Quantity of Tlock Salt, Duty free.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Consideration of the Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

1

Arrears of

Dutch

Begioitntfl,

Bill for ascertaining, and directing the Payment of the A Petition of JVtHram Miller, Michael R/nny, John Allowances, to be made for or upon the Exportation,

Henry SchetHmdn, and Henry Milter, on behalf of them- from of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with so-

solves, and several Commission And Non-commission Of- reign Salr, imported before the First of 1707, and ficers, with Hundreds of private Men, of the Thirteen for disposing foci) Salt, as is still remaining in the Hands

'Dut/A Hint in iKa Inf® Wnr An rk® hwr V4ntMlIe’c QuImpAc th®v® ic rAmmitfArl

Duttb 'Regiments, that 'served in the late War, on the English Elfpblifhhient, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners have made frequent Applications to this honourable House, setting forth the manifeR InjuRice of their chief Officers, and

of her Majestf’s Subjects there, is committed; It passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read; ....

O, That the Memorial of Monsieur df of their Agents Vander Efch and Hol/unghts; and in the Year the 8th of March instant, upon Mr. Petition, R^aeoti.

1702 an Act passed, to oblige the said VdhdtrEfch to and the Declaration of several Officers, relating to the Ar-pass his Account for the said Regiments: That their rears, due to the Thirteen Regiments, and the fe-Sufferings, from the Managemtfrit of their foperior Of- veral Petitions, which have been presented to the Hous^, ficers, and Agents, do make them despair receiving Juf- relating to the Matterof the said Memorial, be taken into tice any where, but from this honourable House: And Consideration upon next, at Twelve a Clock.

praying, Regard may be had to their faithful Services, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the said Memorial shall be taken into Consideration.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, fortifying at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself fnto a Committee of the Portsmouth, whole House, upon the Bill for nominating and impowering Commissioners, to make Surveys of Lands and Te-

1 (arbours.

Ditto. A Petition of Captain Chrtftop her Sebmettaw, late Cap. nements, which are proper to be purchased, for the better

tain in the Royal Regiment of 'Dutch Dragoons, Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, after having left the Troop of the said Royal Regiment of Qra-goons (one of the Thirteen, not yet cleared) he desired Air Hallingins, then Agent, to come to an Account;

which he retufed, pretending, Petitioner was over-paid; but being arrested at Petitioner’s Siiit, the Matter came to Tnal at Guildhall, Land oh, before the Lord Chief Juf-iice Holt, and was, by Content, referred to the Aibitra-

tion of Mr. Loiondes; to whom Mr. gave in

an Account, by which Petitioher appeared to be in Debt £.922. but, after a strict Ehquiry, Mr. Lowndes found, there remained due to Petitioner, and bisTrdop, 1,0c a as appears by Mr. LoWhdes's Award, confirmed by the Court of Ring’s Bench, and novir upon Record there:

And praying, that, when this honourable House shall think fit to order the clearing of the said Thirteen Dutch they Regiments, the said £.1,002 may not be put into Mr. Hallungins’ Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the said Alemorial shall be taken into Consideration.

vision from Scotland

fortifying and securing the Harbours of Chatham, and Harwich, and to ascertain the Value of the fame.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Export of the whole House, to consider.for ther of the Bill for afeer- S^lt Pro-tainirtg, and directing the Payment of the Allowances, to be made for or upon the Exportation, from of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with foreign Salt, imported before the Fird of May, 1707, and for disposing such Sale, still remaining in the Hands of her Majesty’s Subjects there.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Cortimittee.

Air. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from tffe said Committee, that had gone through the Bill; and made several Amfendtnents thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the Iamb.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon fVed-tefday Aloming next.

Woollen

Mimi/kshire,

Duty on loft Salt.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses, as also of die Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and other Woollen Ala-nufadturers, within the Town of Tiverton, was prefepted to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Pro* hibition, made by the Emperor, of Engbfh Serges, a®(J Other Woollen Manufactures, throughout his hereditary Countries of Ajlriaand Sttria^ the making, and export» ing, of the said Goods is very much Ieffcned, as-was made evident to the last Parliament: That many thousand Families, depending on that Manufacture for there Subsistence, are by the said Prohibition impoverisheds and under difmaT Apprehensiorts from the growing Evil 1 And praying Relief in the Matter.; _

Whereupon Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that all due Care had been taken in relation to that Matter.

A Petition of Thomas SHfferd, Pnoprietor of Rock Salt Works, was presented to the Hqufe, and read; lot-; ting forth, that having sustained the Loss of Six tjioufand Twerfry-eight Buffiels of Rock Salt, \vhich wasdestroyed by the breaking in of the Pide at his Salt Work in ‘Tol. 16. 5

Then thb House resolved itself into a Committed of Whitaker's the whole House, tipon the Bill to etplain;the Act of the Account First Ye^rofhfef Majesty’k Reign, intituled,' An Act to with the oblige Edward IVbitaker to account for such Sums of PubliC* publick Money, as have been received B him.

Mr. Spedker.left the Chair.

The Lord William Rowlett took the Chair of th€ Committee. , - y. ' ‘

.. Aff. Speaker tefumfed the CJhdir. ..i.a . i ’

The Lord fVII/iam Ro&teil reported ffdnaf the CertTg mitteci Jhat they had gohh'tBrough the Bill, and mkde several Amchdments rhefeufrfd/ whfoh ths, had difofted fom jto repOTt; whtn the House- wHi pl*afer to receive the lame.

Ordered, That tW Report be ficei&d tipdh Tuesday Morning next;= i'--

Ordered, That the Bill for the regulating the PayfiieHt Seamen’s of Seiuften’i! Wages, be rrrid d Second tirfre upon Moi&ay Wages, next, at One a Clock.

3 A

Resolved,

186 — 40 Ap 709.

Africa* Rtfolvsd, That the House will, upon Thursday next. Company. at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Improvement of the Trade to Africa, by establishing a regulated Company.

Bollca* Ordered, That Sir JuJlinian IJbam, Mr. Ser-

Eftata. jeant Hawles, Mr. Methwyn, Mr. Monfan, Mr. Dormer,

be added to the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill for the Payment of the Debts of Sir John Bolles, Baronet, a Lunatick, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunay 40 die Aprilis;

Anno, 8* Anne Reginae, 1709.

Praters.

Committees. ^RD E RED, That all Committees be revived.

Marquis of An ingossed Bill for confirming to Robert Marquis

Lindsey'* of Lindsey, Lord Great Chamberlain of England, and

Estate‘ , his Heirs, a House, and inclosed fourth Part of the Park of Havering, in the County of in Recom-

pence and Satisfaction of his Interests in the Office or Custody of the said House, and Park, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for confirming to Robert Marquis of Lindsey, Lord Great Chamberlain of England, and his Heirs, a House, andinciofed fourth Part of the Park of Havering, in the County of Essex, in Recompence and Satisfaction of his Interests in the Office or Custody of the said House, and Park.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Navy Debt Sir 'Thomas Littleton presented to the House, The humble Return of the principal Officers and Commissioners of her Majesty’s Navy, to the Order, of the 24th of March Iaft, for laying before the House, the Causes of the Increase of the Debt of the Navy.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Return is as follows; viz.

Navy Office, 30th 7 The humble Return of the prin-March, 1709. 3 cipal Officers and Commissioners of

her Majesty’s Navy to the Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 24th lnstant, for laying before the House, the Causes of the Increase of the Debt of the Navy; the like having been presented to the Committee, appointed to examine the Estimate of the Debts of the Navy, the 6th of December last, in pursuance of their Order, of the 3d of that Month.

THAT as for the two Heads, which relate to this Office; namely, that of the Wear and Tear, and Extra and Ordinary; and that of Seamen’s Wages; the Increase proceeds from the Charge of the said Services exceeding the Moneys received for them:

From keeping Ships at Sea for more than 40,000 Men:

From building, and buying of Ships, to make good the Losses, which have happened since the War, by the great Storm, Captures, and other Accidents:

.. From the addition of Buildings, and other Improvements, made at the several Yards since the War: Premiums for naval Stores, imported from the Plantations:

Rewards to the Officers, and Seamen, for taking Prizes, according to the late Acts of Parliament: Bounties to Seamen, who entered voluntarily on board the Fleet.

The like to Widows, and Orphans, of Men (lain at Sea:

The like to the Officers, and Seamen, for their good Service in the Battle of Malaga:

Half-pay to Captains and Lieutenants, whilst: out of Employment at Sea:

Payments made to the Office of Sick and Wounded:

The like, at the Beginning of the War, to the Transport Office, fsV.

We wrote to the Commissioners of the Victualling, to give us an Account of the Increase of the Debt on that Head; who have returned us the following Answer; viz.

The following extraordinary Services are humbly represented, as what have caused the Increase of the Debt of the Victualling, between the 8th of March, 1701 (the Time of her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown) and the 30th of September, 1708:

Costs and Charges for Provisions, furnished for Land Forces, sent to Sea, and the Garrison of Gibraltar, isle.

Freight and Demorages, paid on Account of Land Forces, sent to Sea, and the Garrison of Gibraltar:

Extraordinary Freights and Demorages to Merchant-ships, for carrying Provisions to her Majesty’s Ships in the Mediterranean, Portugal, West Indies, to Holland,

Ostend, £sV.

Hire of Ships and Vessels, for lodging the Men of War’s Provisions, while refitting at Portsmouth and Plymouth:

Vessels built for Transportation; Galleons, and Prize Ships, bought for the lodging Provisions, while the Men of War are refitting at Portsmouth, Plymouth, and Lisbon; also building Storchouses, and additional Works, at the several Ports:

Salaries and Wages to Clerks, Coopers, and Labourers, employed at Lisbon, Jamaica, Gibraltar, and other foreign Parts:

Provisions, bought in the West Indies, for supplying her Majesty’s Ships there, also at , and Genoa,

exceeding the Prices given in England t Interest on Bills in Course:

Losses at Sea, isic.

Note, There hath been issued out of the Proportion of the Victualling, in each Year, to the Service of the Sick and Wounded, and Prisoners of War, which is humbly conceived to be a Load upon the Victualling, more especially since the Proportion is reduced from ao s.to 19 s.a Man per Month.

E. Lee, Cha. Sergifon, D.

Ant. Hammond, B. TymewtU, Geo. Toilet.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Bills for making the Ships, called Friead* the Friends Goodwill and Experiment, and the Ship Fran- Gwdwill, cis and Samuel (foreign-built) free Ships of Great , c* ip*‘ and the Petitions, which have been presented to the House, against making foreign-built Ships free Ships, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Mr. Nicoll reported from the Committee, to whom the Enabling Bill to enable Guardians of Infonts, who are seised of Estates inTruft, to make Conveyances of such Estates, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the some in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act MinthuU’i for confirming a Term of Five hundred Years, created tft*-by Richard Minjhull, Esquire, and his Trustees, for securing the Payment of Eight thousand Pounds, and Interest, was read a Second time.

Rfohted,

8 Ann.

4° — 5*

187

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hamp~ for preservine the Privileges of Ambassadors, and other

~ ~" "*'"*' *' Ministers of foreign Princes and States, with fotne

Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

den, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Conyers, Sir # Mr. Cham

hers, Mr. Prise, Mr. Docbrnns Mr. Mansion, Mr. Foot, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Sam/en, Sir Lamb. Blackwell, Mr. JVyld, Sir Fran. Massham, Mr. Ferrer, Mr. Barker, Sir Jo. Cope, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Lawjon, Mr Aijloby; and all, that serve for the Counties

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A. SteffortTs

Seamen's

Wage*.

of Lincoln, Berks, and Essex: And they are to meet this to enable Anthony Stafford, Gentleman, to fell, or mort-Aftemoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, gage, some Part of his Lands and Hereditaments, in the

Counties of "Derby and for the Payment of his

Ordered, That the Bill for the regulating the Pay- Fathers Debts, and his own, and the better settling and ment of Seamen’s Wages, be read a Second time To- securing the rest, for the Benefit of his Wife, and Family,

morrow, the first Business.

Sugars *t Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Nevistand St whole House, who were to considerof the Report of the Christophen. Lor(j High Treasurer (made upon an Addrds to her Majesty the Eighteenth Day of March, 1706) relating to the Losses of the People of Nevis and St.

be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Encouraging Rejohed, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Coinage. Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the former Acts for the Encouragement of the Coinage.

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart William Murray, Merchants (presented to the House the Twenty-fifth Day of January last) be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being rend, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for enlarging the capital

Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further House, upon the BUI.

was read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Comnwrcial Interrourse with Scot-hod,

Dank of England Stock, Arc.

Mortis, 5# die Aprilis;

Anno 8* Anna: Regime, 1709.

Paartt s.

A BIL L for the regulating the Payment of Seamen’s and Wages, was (according to Order) read the Second

Seamen’s

Wages,

time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for making good the Deficiency of the Funds, for any one Year, by the next Aids given by Parliament.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farm took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farter reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The House took into Consideration the Amendment,

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do then attend, in order to be heard before the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for giving the Commissioners of Commissioner* Sewers for the City of London, the same Powers, as the Commissioners of Sewers for Counties have, and also for preventing Annoyances to the Common Sewers, and to the River of Thames, and for obliging Col left ors for the Sewers to account, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. L. To leave out *of this Kingdom:"

Pr. 4. L. 14. To leave out " laid," and after " May" to insert *709."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be.

Woollen

Chih Manu- made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the An Act for giving the Commissioners of Sewers, for the tt" better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen City of London, the same Powers, as the Commissioners of

Sewers for Counties have, and to oblige Collectors for the Sewers to account.

Ordered, That Sir William Withers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

Norfolk

Writ.

Cloth, made in the County of York.

And the Amendment was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and is as follows; viz.

4 Sk. 34. L. After if" add the Justices of the " Peace at."

Ordered, That Sir William Stritkland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath the electing a Knight of the Shire for the County of agreed to the said Amendment. Norjolk, in the room of Sir John Holland, Baronet, who,

since he was elected Knight of the Shire for the said Barckfy An ingrossed Bill for making the Ships, the Barcklay County; hath been made Comptroller of her Majesty’s Castle, &c, Castle and James of Montross, free Ships, was read the Houlbold.

Ship*. Third time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to An Act for making the Ships, the Barcklay Castle and the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of James of Montross, free Ships. parochial Libraries in that Part of Great Britain called

Ordered, That Sir David Ramsay do carry the Bill to England, be taken in Consideration upon Friday Morn-the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. fog next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hi(cocksand Mr. That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Patron* Melltr intituled, An Act to preserve the Rights of Patrons to R£h*to

Mr. Speaker Advowsons, be read the Third time upon Saturday Morn-

Privileges of The Lords have agreed to the BUI. intituled, An Act *nS

Arauifladonk Yoi, 16. The

Parochial

Libraries,

1

' t.

1

l

188

Whitaker's The IPowtetl(according to Order)- re-Account with ported (romjh^ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Public. the Billto explain the Act, of the first Year Of, her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Edward Whitaker to account for such Sums of publick 'Money,

as^aye been received by him, was pommitted, the Arp end m e n ts, which the Cpmmpttee had made to the Bill, and had dirpfted him to report to the f^ouse; and hepe^d the same in his. Flace, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once rqad throughout, a^4 then a Second time. One by one, and, dpon the Question severally put thereupon (With some Amendypeflts to fipme of them,) agreed 0hto by the House.'

. Ordered,. That the pill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Foreign - The House (according to Order) proceeded to take built Ships, into Consideration the Bills for making foreign-built Ships free Ships, and also the Petitions, which had been presented to the House, against making foreign-built Ships free.

And the Petitions were again read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill Tor'making the Ships, called the Friends Goodwill and Experiment (both Z)ir/ri-built) free Ships of Great Britain (with the.Amendments) be in-grofled;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tclkrs for the Yeas,|^- } 74-

Tell.rs for theNo«.5^" J

So iepafred in the Negative.

A Motion beinjs; made, and the Question being put. That the . Bill for makir^ the Ship and Samuel

‘ (foreign»bui+i) aface Ship of Great Britain (with the

Amendments) be ingrafted; '

It passed in the Native.

BolIes’Ertate. Sir Francit Majhamreported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Payment of the Debts of Sir John Baronet, a Lunatkk, was committed; thfrt they had Examined the.Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their-Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he mad the same in hit Place, and afterwards delivered them in ait the Clerk's Table; where the feme were once read throughout, and then a Second time,'one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follow; viz,

Pr.6, L. 30.; After " the " insert " Authority."

Pr. 8. L. 16. After "Heirs’* insert "and Affigm." L. 17. Afterhim'’insert "her." 1

A Claute was offered, to be added to the Bill, for saving the Right hf&rai Bolies, Sifter of the said Sir Jehn to all the said Manors, and Prettifies.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, tef be made Rut of the Bill.

lofolveni Or fend. That the Report from the Committee, to

Debtors, whom the JJdi for the E^fe of info] vent Debtors, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Improving Th^ Order of the Pay being read, for the House to the Urtton. yefolvd into a Committee of the whole House, upon TriaiTfcr ihgroftbd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Tisafon. improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms;

Ordered, That the said Committee be impowered to receive one or more Clause or Clauses, for ascertaining,

AprtHl* - iJO 94

wbdt Offences ftutll-’be adjudged high' TreAfon, -or Mif-prifiori of higff Treason, %he'Methdd df -Prbfeeuttbn, And Trial, 'and the Forfeitures'aridt Ptfniflwrtehts-for febb Offerees,-throughout the nhfted ‘Kingdom -df Gmtt Britain, in- fuih‘mahner,-asthay-be most conducivet<ythe Security of* her MajestyVT*erroh and‘ Goverrimeot, she Succession,-as by Uawe’ftebfifhe'djin tlTe-'ProtdftantSLiinej and for the Safety of the Sutjjefts; and alfbTbr attaining the Pretender.: ’ ’

A Meflhge from the Lords, by fMt*. and

Mr. JUtHer i

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed -a . Bill, -intituled, -An Act for Middlefe* the publick registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, W*gtft*r. and other Incumbrances, which ilia.ll be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within the County of Middlesex, after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundret^and Nine j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence<of this T(oule.

And then the Messenger-s withdrew,

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself Improving into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed the Union". Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for improving _~7~ the Union of the Two Kingdoms. TmfoiT

, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

:Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed - ,

him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refohjcd, That this House will, upon T>Morning next, retfbive itself into a Committee of the whole-House, to consider further of the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii9 6P die Apr ilis;

Anno 8° Annas Reginae, 1709.

v

.Prayers.

PETITION of John Cary, of the City of BriJUl, Stopford’s was presented to the House, and read, fecting forth, Dilate,

that JqrpesStopford, Efejuire, indebted to the Petitioner, by Bond, dated in April, 1703, of the Penalty of Six hundred Pounds, for the Payment of Three hundred, and Irtterest, for which he gave a Warrant of Attorney to enter up Judgment, which are both nowin Ire/.-and the Petitioner uadWstanding, a Bill is now depending, for enabling him to'fell his Lands in for

Payment of Debts, ind Portions: And praying, Provision may be made in the said Bill, for his being paid what is due to him on the said Bond, or reasonable Time-givtn- him, fot making good the Allegations in his Petition.

OrJ&ed, That thfe ^Bohlideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill i» committed.

, ‘-it #

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lon* to explain a Clause in a Statute, made in the Twenty-seventh Yegr of t)ie Reign of King Henry the Eighth (enabling Tenants in Tail, in Possession, to make Jointures to Wives) and enlarging the fame, so as Richard Lord fVII/ougbby de Brook, and others, Tenants in Tail, in Possession, may make Jointures to the Wives of their eldcfi: Sons, or Grandsons, was read the Third' time.

.An Amendment was proposed to be made to the $ill,

Pr. 3. L. last, after "in Tail" to insert in Possession."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed upto by. the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with: the* Amendment, do

pass.

Ordered,

1

8 Ann.

6" dprilis*

189

Bank of England Stock, he.

Ordered, That Mr. Wentworth do carry the I?ill to the venae, as for the Encouragement of ehote serving in Men Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed of War, and Privateers, that all Oils, made ot Fish, or to the lame, with an Amendment; to which they desire any Creature living in the Seas, of foreign Fithing, and their Lordships Concurrence. all Goods, of the Growth or Product of foreign Plantations, not belonging to her Majesty, or any of her Sub- Mr. Farrerreported from the Committee of the whole jeds, or to be taken, during this War, and condemned House, to whom the Bill for enlarging the capital Stock as Prize, that shall, from and after the 30th Day of of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply March, 1709, be entered at any of her Majesty’sCulhom-to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709, was houses in Great shall be tubjed and liable oniy

committed, the Amendments, they had made to the toluchor the like Customs, and Duties, to which the fame- Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he Oils, and Goods, taken and condemned as Prize, were read in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the respectively iubjcded, or intended be subjected, by her Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read through- Majesty’s Declaration, bearing Date the 17th Day of May, out; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the in the Second Year of her Reign, in this behalf}

Question severally put thereupon (with Ibrne Amend- An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto* mentsto some of them) agreed unto by the House; and by inferring after the Word " entered," these Words, another Amendment was made to the Bill. or where the Duties have not been already paid, or-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be *« (ec ured to be paid.’

Ways and Means.

ingrafted.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon^, agreed unto by the House.

That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the Lid Resolution, so amended, That it will to consider further of Ways and Means for raisipg the be as well for the Advantage of the publick Revenue, as: Supply granted to her Majesty, the Retbutions, they had for the Encouragement of those serving in Men of War,

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his ‘ " ....

Place, and afterwards delivered them in at rlieCleik’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow cth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

and Privateers, that all Oils, nude of Fish, or any Creature living in the Seas, of foreign Fishing, and all Goods* of the Growth or Product of foreign Plantations, not belonging to her Majesty, or any of her Subjects, os tab© taken, during this War, and condemned as Prize, that

That a further Duty be laid upon all Woollen and Wor- ft m and after the 30th Day of March, 1709, b«

Red Yarn, imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Worsted Yarn, so imported, be 20 s. for every hundred Weight, according to the Book of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Woollen Yarn, to imported, be Five Shillings for every Hundred Weight, according to the Book of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

entered, or where the Duties have not been already paid* or secured to be paid, it any of her Majesty’a Custom-honfcs in Great Britain, shall be subject and liable only to foeborthe like Customs, and Duties, to which thefacna Oils, and Goods, taken, and condemned as Prize, wtre. ref'pedively subjected, or intended to befobjeded, by be* Majesty’s Declaration, bearing Dale the tyth Day of May, in the Second Year of her Reign, in this behalf.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Besolution; and that Mr. Far, Sir Gilbert

Thai the said Duties be granted to commence from the Mr. Moor, and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in* 24th of June, 1709, for Seven Years from thence next the bnL

A Petition of Sir ‘Thomas Hales, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James

ensuing, and afterwards to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it will be as well for the Advantage of the publick Revenue, as for the Encouragement of those serving in Stopford, Elqu’re, to fell Lands in the County o Men of War, and Privateers, that all Oils, made of Fish, bam, for Payment of Debts, and Portions, now de-or any Creature living in the Seas, of foreign Fishing, and pending before this House, which, if paftfed, will very all Goods, of the Growth or Product of foreign Planta- much prejudice the Petitioner: And praying to be tions, not belonging to her Majesty, or any of her Sub- beard against the said Bill, or otherwise relieved. jeds, or to be taken, during this War, and condemned Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be as Prize, that shall, from and after the 20th Day of referred to ihe Committee, to whonuhe Bill is committed, March, 1709, be entered at any of her Majesty’s Custom-

houses in Great Britain, shall be subject and liable only to A Petition of John Green, Gentleman, Executor of the such or the like Customs, and Duties, to which the same last Will and Testament of John alias Zim-

Oils, and Goods, taken, and condemned as Prize, were merman, Clerk, deceased, was presented to the House, respectively subjected, or intended to be subjected, by and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner’s Testator her Majesty’s Declaration, bearing Date the 17th Day served as Chaplain to the Two Regiments of May, in the Second Year of her Reign, in this behalf, and Grobin, in Eng/ish Pay, from December, 16S9, to the The Firstof the said Resolutions being read a Second End of June, i6y2, being 912 Days; and there is due time. to him for that Service, at (os. i d. per Diem, for each

And the Question being put. That the House do agree Regiment, the Sum of f. 608, deducting Subsistence-with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a fur- money: And in regard a Memorial of Monsieur Vryberge, ther Duty be laid upon all Woollen and Worsted Yarn, relating to the Arrears, due to the Thirteen Dutch Regi

Supford'i

EtUte*

Regimental

Arrears.

imported;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

rp 11 c u v (Sir Nich. Mortice, Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,|^jj/

7

60.

]8-

ments (of which the above mentioned are Two) is under the Consideration of this House; and praying, when the said Arrears shall be discharged, some P ovision may be nude, for satisfying the Petitioner’s said Demands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the said Memorial is to be taken into Consideration.

So it pasted in the Negative.

The Second, Third, and Fourth, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Fortifying next.resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, Portsmouth, The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time, That upon the Bill to nominate and impower ConDmitfioners, &c-it will be as well for the Advantage of the publick Re- to make Surveys, and describe the Lands and Tenements, bouf* Vot. 16, 2 B which

Export of Salt Pro-▼ifiOD from Scotland.

Sufferers at Nevband St. Christopher*s.

Lord

Lifford's, See. Regiments,

Enabling Infants to make Conveyances.

6" — 7* Apr ills.

A.

1709.

which are proper to be purchased, in order to the better fortifying and (ecuring the Docks and Harbours at Ports-thouth, Chatham, and Harwich, and to enquire into the

Titles of all Persons, and Corporations, who have Estates therein, and the Value of their respective Estates and Interests, and to certify the same to her Majesty.

Mr. Farm reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ascertaining, and directing the Payment of, the Allowances, to be made for or upon the Exportation, from Scotland, of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with foreign Salt, imported before the First of May, 1707, and for disposing such Salt, still remaining in the Hands of her Majesty’s Subjects there, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table-, where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

- Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, to enable the People of Nevis and St. Chris-topbers to resettle there, the Refblution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £. 154,805. 7 8 d. be

granted to her Majesty, for the Use of such Proprietors, or Inhabitants, only, of Nevis and St. who were Sufferers by the late French Invasion there, and who shall resettle, or cause to be resettled, their Plantations in the said IHands.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out "£.154,805. 7 8 and, instead

thereof, to insert "£.103,203. 11 s. 4

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved,.That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Three thousand Two hundred and Three Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Four-pence, be granted to her Majesty, for the Use of such Proprietors, or Inhabitants, only, of Nevis and St. t of hers, who were Sufferers by the late French Invasion there, and who shall resettle, or cause to be resettled, their Plantations in the said Islands.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the said Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hou&, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Three French Regiments of Foot, formerly under the Command of Major General It Mellioniere, Brigadier Belcaflle, and the Earl of Lifford.

An ingrafted Bill to enable Guardians of Infants, who are seised of Estates in Trust, to make Conveyances of such Estates, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable Infants, who are seised of Estates in Fee, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicoll do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 7* die AlpriIts;

Anno 8* Ann* Reginae, 1709.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act nifliop of for the explaining, and making more effectual, an Chichester’» Ad, made Anno primo Anna Regina, intituled, An Act, Estate. giving further Time to John Lord Bishop of and his Successors, to make Leases of certain Houses, and Ground, in and near Chancery-lane, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Young do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ceciil'a

Estate.

Haydon'*

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act. to enable the honourable William Cecill, Esquire, with others, to fell Lands, for the Payment of several Debts, charged upon his Estate by the Right honourable late Earl of Exeter, deceased, his late Father, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from- the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Gideon , Esquire, de-

ceased, lying in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts, wherewith it Hands incumbered, and settling the Overplus to the Uses in his Marriage Settlement limited and declared, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A- Stafford’* to enable Anthony Stafford, Gentleman, to fell, or mort- E *" gage, some Part of his Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Derby and Chester, for the Payment of his Father’s Debts, and his own, and the better settling and securingtbe rest, for the Benefit of his Wife, and Family, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir H. Banbury, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Sherard, Mr.

Sir Gilbert Pickering, Mr. Guy dot, Mr. Naylor, Mr.

Lavofon, Sir Fran. Masham, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr.

Nicoll, Mr. Diston, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Offley, Mr.

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Aifelabie, Mr. Foley, Mr. , Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Cecill, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Clavel/, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Sheppard, Lord Connings by, Mr. Shackerley, Colonel Stanley, Mr. Bailie,

Mr. Carneage, Sir H. Peachy, Mr. Farrer, Sir Lamb.

Blackwell, Mr. Neville, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Mompeffon; and all, that serve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, and Chester: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Af ternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom Reverting the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Reverfai of the Outlawry of Eiianor the u awry’

Wife of John Bagot, was committed; that they had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

tT4r

ftaaj.

A Petition of Sir James Eyton, Knight, in behalf of himselfjand others, Owners and Proprietors of the Ship Robert and James, and the Ship Johns Adventure, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Ships were taken up for Transport Service in 1693,

and

Transport

Debenture!.

J

8 Ann.

7® Aprilts.

t9t

and the late Commissioners, for taking, Hating, and de- L. 12. After "Hertford" insert "of which

termining, the Debts, due to the Army, and for Trans- " Samuel Noyes, Clerk, is the prefect Incumbent, port Service, did (late the Accounts, due for Hire for the L. 14. Leave out " her Majesty’s,’ ’n

said Ships, and prepared Debentures for the fame; but the Mailers of the said Ships dying at Sea, no Person demanded the said Debentures of the said Commissioners, before their Commission expired, for which Reason the same were not signed by them: That by an Act, of 4th and 5th of her present Majesty, for regillering unfinished Debentures upon the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and renewing others, that have been loft, or burnt, it was provided, that the proper Officers should make out Duplicates thereof and, if no proper Officer, then the Lord High Treasurer was to order the fame: That they applied themselves to the Lord High Treasurer, who referred the Matter to Mr. Lang, a Commissioner, who reported the said Debts due, and that the Commissioners prepared Debentures accordingly; but nobody making Application for them, they were never signed; and therefore doubted, whether they had Power to make out such Debentures} whereuppn his Lordfiiipdid notdired the making out the said Debentures: And praying, a Clause may be received, to impower the said late Commissioners, or such other Pcnons, as the House Hull think fit, to sign, and deliver, Debentures for the said Debts, and interest.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to a Committee and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir H. Run bury, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Sambrotke, Mr. , Mr.

Pr. 5.

t____ and insert

the King’s.’

L. 15. Leave out "her," and insert " his;" and, in the same Line, leave out from the Word " shall" to the Word "be," in Line the 20th.

L. 22. After "of" insert " Barkhamstead;" and, in the same Line, leave out " Barkhamstead'

L. 23. Leave out " to the," and insert " when the said Church shall become vacant, shall have for " ever the Presentation."

L. 30. After " of" insert *' ."

L. 31. Leave out " Barkhamstead."

L. 39. After "of" insert " Barkhamstead."

L. 1. Leave out "Barkhamstead."

L. 7. After " of’* insert " ft

L. 8. Leave out " Barkhamstead."

In the Title of the Bill:

L 3. Leave out " her Majesty V’ and insert King’s."

L. 4. Leave out " her." and insert " his/’

L. 5. After " veiling" insert " the Advowson L. 6. After " of" inlert " Barkhamstead."

L. 7. Leave out " Barkhamstead."

L. 9. Leave out " her Majesty’s," and inlert " King's."

L 10. Leave out " her," and inlert his."

The first Twelve of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Tiie 13th and 14th Amendments, being severally read

the

i t

of

a

tht

Moor, Mr. Shacker ley, Sir Wm.Whitlock, Mr. Grabme, a Second time, were, upon, the Question severally put

thereupon, disagreed by the House.

The 15th, 16th, and 17th, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question everally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 18th Amendment, being read a Second time,

Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Freeman. Mr. 7

ham, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. brelon, Mr. Mr. Ne-

ville, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hampden, C Won. I Whitchcott Lord Downes, Mr. Yates, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Lamb. Blackwell, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Diston,

Lord Windsor, Mr. Ball-, and all, that serve for the Sea- was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed by the

ports: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, th’s Alter- House.

noon, iA the Speaker’s Chamber.

Windsor Mr. Topbam reported from the Committee, to whom neaoerj. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for annexing the Rectory or Parion.igc ot Hafeley, in the County of Oxon, to the Deanery ot her Majesty's free ' Chapel of St. George within her Cafiie of H in,.for, and for veiling the Rectory and parochial Church of St. Mary, alias North Church, Barkh nfteaJ, in the County of Hertford, in the Dean and Canon* ot her Majesty’s free Chapel of St. George within her Cailh of //Vw in lieu thereof, was committed; that her Majesty’s Content to the Bill was certified by Mr. Secret ry to the Sa-

tisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read, and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 3. Leave out " her Majesty's," and inf rt " the King’s."

L. 4. Leave out " her," and insert " his."

L. 32. Leave out " said;" and, in the same Line, leave out " her," and inlert " the "

L. 33. Leave out Majesty’s."

L. 34. Leave out " within her laid Castle of Windsor."

L. 37. Leave out " her," and insert " the."

Pr. 2. L. 5. Leave out " her," and insert " the."

Pr. 3. L. 15. Leave out

L. 17. Leave out "lor."

L 27. Leave out "have, or ought to have, Wednesday Morning next, and insert " may recover."

"or," and inlert "and."

The 19th Amendment, being read a Second time, was; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 20th, 21 ft, and 22d, Amendments, being feverafly read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed by the House.

The 23d Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 24th and 25th Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed by the House.

In the Title:

The First, 2d, and 3d, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 4th and 5th Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed by the House.

The 6th and 7th Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Tiion another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill:

Pr. 1. L. 5. Leave out "who by virtue of a Grant " thereof, to them made by King Edward the Fourth, in the Twenty-sixth Year of his Reign, have ever since " presented to the fame."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon

for"

Pr.

You

L. 7. l eave out " her," and insert " the." L. 9. leave out "her," and insert " the." L. lo. After "of" inlert f( Barkhamstead." L. 11. Leave out " Barkh

Iff.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the publick registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and other Incumbrances, which shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours,

Manors,

Middled*

193

7# — 8* Aprilis.

A. 1769.

Arrears of

Dutch

Regiments*

Manors, Land$>Tenemente, or Hereditaments, within the equal Justice done, ih all Payments and Distribution of County of Middlesex, after the Twenty-ninth Day of Sep- Money, arising from the Sales and neat Produce of all

tember, 1709, be read the First timeTo-morrowMorning. Goods and Effects, as the Company shall from time to , time receive, until the House shall establish the Trade in

The Orders of the Day being read; such Manner, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Memorial of Monsieur Vrybtrge, of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-the 8th of March last, upon Mr. Hallungins Petition, cording to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that and the Declaration of several Officers, relating to the Mr. Barker and Mr. do prepare, and bring in.

Arrears, due to the Thirteen Dutch Regiments, and also the Bill.

the several Petitions, which have been presented to the House, relating to the Matter of the said Memorial, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

African

Trade.

Jl everting

Lord Slaue’s Attainder.

Improving the Union.

Trials for Treason.

An ingrossed Bill to explain the Ad, of the First Year Whitaker* of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act, to oblige Acj?ou"1 Edward Whitaker to account for such Sums of publick public. A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Money, as have been received by him, was read the That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair, for the House Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. 4. L. after to insert " and by Authority of the

81.

9»-

Stopford’t

Estate.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Improvement of the Trade to Africa, by establishing a regulated Company!

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller, for the . }

Teller, for the Noe,} . }

So it palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to reverse the Outlawry and Attainder of Christopher Lord Baron of Slane, in Ireland, be read the Third time? upon Monday Morning next.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. WentworthSir Tho. Palmer, Colonel Vates, Sir Stephen Leonard, Mr. Fumes, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Poultney, be added to the

4-

" fame.’

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to explain the Act of the First Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Edward Whitaker to account for such Sums of publick Money, as have been received by him.

Ordered, That the Lord William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence there- f. unto.

A Bill for continuing several Impositions upon Wines, Supply Bill; Vinegar, Tobacco, and East India Goods, and certain ^'winfiT additional Impositions upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, and certain Duties upon Whale-fins, and other Things mentioned, to raise Money byway of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s necessary and important Occasions, and for exporting British Copper, and Brass Wire, Duty-free! was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for ascertaining the Duties upon Oils, and Goods of foreign Plantations, taken as Prize.

A Petition of Richard Budge, Mariner, was presented Seizure of

Inf

‘VjC.

Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, to tlje House, and read; setting forth, that in the Year Budge* intituled, An Act to enable James Stopford, Esquire, to 1702, the Petitioner, being Commander, and Part-owner, ,p‘ fell Lands in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of 01 the Ship, called the Hope, of Bristol, of the Burthen

Debts and Portions, was committed. r " '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Aprilis;

Anno 8* Anna Regina, 1709. Prayers.

Africau

Creditor*.

of 150 Tons, was in his Voyage from the Bay of Campeche, towards Holland, forced to put into the Port of Amboy, in the Province of East New Jersey, in,

for Provisions: That on the 18th of October, 1702, the Lord Viscount Combury, then Governor there, ordered the said Ship to be seized, and, upon false Suggestions, procured a Sentence of Condemnation of said Ship and Cargo of Logwood (which was Petitioner’s own) from which Sentence Petitioner appealed to the High Court of Ad-, miralty in ;but the said Governor, without at-

tending the Issue of the said Appeal, fold the said Ship,

A PETITION of several of the Bond Creditors of and Cargo, and never paid the Men, though he promised the Royal African Company, on behalf of themselves, so to do: That the said Court of Admiralty, upon hear-and the rest of the said Creditors, was presented to the ing the Cause, did, in November, 1704, reverse the said House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have Condemnation, as illegal, and decreed Petitioners Recti-lent the said Company 300,000 upon Bond, and con- tution: That he seeing, ’twould be in vain to attempt ceive, that their Effects, both dead and quick Stock, are the Execution of any legal Process upon a Governor, did Security' to them, for Repayment of the fame, with In- petition her Majesty; which being referred to the Judge terest; and that it is in the said Company’s Power to of the Admiralty, and her Majesty’s Advocate, they re-prefer Payment to some Persons, and postpone others: ported, the Governor, or his Officers, ought to make

And praying, a Bill maybe brought in, to encourage the Restitution, to the Value of 4,200, whereupon her Ma-said Company to take care topreserve theirs and the Pe- jesty’s Secretary of State wrote a Letter to Lord Corn-titionera quick and deadstock, and the Petitioners have bury, that he should satisfy Petitioner; which was Bot 19 done;

8 Ann

8° Aprilis.

19$

And the Question being put. That the House do agree With the Committee, in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller, for th. Yeas,

Teller, for the Noes, j ^ArlVa

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Clause B, being read a Second time, was, upon the

| 16

1112.

nrjort

y

Ffink of

Fn^Liiid

&c.

done; therefore petitioned the Queen again, and ’twas referred to Commissioners for Tradeand Plantations; who reported the Petitioner £. 4,77 c and a Letter was ordered to be prepared for her Majesty’s Signature, to Lord Cord-kury, to make Satisfaction; but being soon after removed from his Government, her Majesty was petitioned, that his Person, and Effects, might be stept; which was referred to the Lords of Trade and Plantations; but, before such Order could be delivered. Directions were given to flop the fame, and to refer all Proceedings to the Course . a

of Law: And praying Relief against so notorious a Vio- Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. lation of the Property of the Subject. , That the Bill be read the Third time To-

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition morrow Morning, be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine '

the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opi- An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bat* "f nion therein, to the House; Bank of England, and for raffing a further Supply to her "g" " c

And it is referred to Mr. Yates, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709, was read the Lowndes, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secre- Third time.

tary Beyle, Sir Jeff. Jeffreys, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Hampden, RThat the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

Mr. Barker, Mr. Harley, Sir Lamb. Blackwell, Mr. An Act for enlarging the capital Stock of the Bank of Swinfeu, Mr. Mon Hon, Sir Tho. Cookes IVinfrd, Mr. England, and for raising a further Supply, granted to her Vernon, Lord Willoughby, Mr. Ball, Lord William Pczv- Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709.

lest, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Pultney, Mr. Feet, Sir Gilb. Elliott, Ordered, That Mr. Fairer do carry the Bill to the

Mr. Mompeffon, Mr. Trot man, Sir Wm. St. Qulntin, Mr. Lo^s, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hie cocks and Mr.

jMedlicott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Lord this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in the Statute made in the Twenty-seventh Year

Monson, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Mtfni: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afcerrcon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

.and Records.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, ^ ... ..... - ..... ....

Th^ the ingrossed Bill for enlarging the capital Stock of ~f7heltcign EighVi (enabling"Tenants

the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply to jn jn Possession, to make Jointures to Wives) and her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709, be now , enlarging the fame, so as Richard Lord Wdloughby de Broke,

rcaa» the Third time;

House divided:

Noes go forth:

Tellers for the

Tellers for (he Noes.‘

So it passed in the Negative.

) 63.

J

82.

Comraiflion* of Sowers.

Frauds in

Improving the I’niou.

Trials for Treason-

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms, was committed, the Amendments, made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the feme in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read, and are as follow; viz.

At the End of the Bill add Clauses A and B.

A. " Provided always, and be it further enacted by Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the the Authority aforesaid.jhat, after the said First Day of Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Pleas at

be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn" ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the former Acts, for the Encouragement of the Coinage.

and others, Tenants in Tail, in Possession, may niake Jointures to the Wives of their eldest Sons, or Grandsons:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual the Laws, concerning 1 the Commissions of Sewers, with some Amendments; to i which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rcdrc/Iing, and preventing, several Frauds and SuunpDuties. Practices, relating to her Majesty’s Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Plcasat WeJlmir.sler,\s\t\\ some Amendments; ,

to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meflingers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords Eft®* so the Bill, intituled, An Act for redressing, and preventing, several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Majesty’s Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and

" July, no Attainder for Treason shall extend to the dist " heriting of any Heir, nor to the Prejudice of the Right

Eneonraging

Coinage.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of parochial Libraries in that Part of Great Britain called

Parochial

Libraries.

V

* or Title of any Person or Persons, other than the Right " or Title of the Offender or Offenders, during his, her,

" or their, natural Lives only; and that it shall and may be lawful to every Person or Persons, to whom the Right or Interest of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, after the Death of any such Offender or " Offenders, should or might have appertained, if no such

" Attainder had been, to enter into the fame." ,

B. "And be it further enacted by the Authority afore- Englan be taken, n to Consideration upon next,

" said, that, when any Person is imlifted for high Trea- at *wc*ve a Llock.

son, or Miftjrifion of Treason, a List of the Witnesses, D . n -n A " that shall be produced on the Trial, for proving the , W* That this House will, upon next. Fortifying

"said Indiftn.ent, and of the Jury, mentioning the a5 Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of " Names, Profession, and Plr.ce of Abode, of the said the who!e H°u,e’ upon the 8,11 /or nominating and

" Witnesses, and Jurors, be ailo given at the same time, ,mP<^'ering Commissioners, to make Surveys of Lands 4* that the Copy of the Indict ment is delivered to the Party Tenements, which are proper to be purchased, for

indicted; and that Copies of all Indictments for the the bet^er‘°'tlf^>InS^n<;lfecuring the Docks and Harbours

of Portsmouth, Chatham, and , and to ascertain

the Value of the feme.

" Offences aforesaid, with such Lifts, shall be delivered " to the Party indicted, Ten Days before the Trial, and " in presence of Two or more credible Witnesses; any " Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding." Clause A being read a Second time;

Vol. 16.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the publick registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and YVills, and other Incumbrances, which

3 C shall

Middltfet

Register.

8" — 9* dpriiis. 1709.

shall be made of, or that may afteft, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Middlesex, after the Twenty-ninth pay of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, be read the First time Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Sufferer* at Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Nevis and st. fog next, resolve itself fota a Committee of the whole ciiriitopher*. j^ouse>. to Consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, to enable the People of Nevis and «?/. Christophersto resettle there.

Export of Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for ascertaining, and Silt Provision directing the Payment of, the Allowances, to be made Und*^1" *or w uP0li ^P0^'00* froro Scotland, of Filb,

dD Beef, and Pork, cured with foreign Salt, imported before

the First of May, 1707, and for dilpohng such Salt, (fill remaining in the Hands of her Majesty’s Subjects there, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Beyerfing

Bagot’s

Outlawry.

Sabbatic 9* die Aprish;

Anno 8* Annas Reginae, 1709.

Prayers.,

AN ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Reversal of the Outlawry of Bogot, the Wife of John Bagot, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. last L# after " Premises" to insert "other than the " Estates, Annuities, Rights, Titles, Interests, and Demands, hereby vested in the said s Trustees."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Refo/ved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment} to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Traasport Sir Henry Bunbury reported from the Committee, to Debentures. whom (he Petition of Sir James Eyton, in behalfof himself, and others, the Proprietors of the Ship Robert and James, and the Ship7<^»J Adventure, was referred; that they had examined the Matter thereof, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the said Report and Resolution were read, and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the late Commissioners for Hating the Debts, due to the Army, and for Transport Service, have Hated and determined a Debt, due to the Petitioners for Transport Service, in the Year 1693, as followeth:

jC- s‘ d.

The Ship Robert and James, principal Money ~ S "

Forlnterest- - - " 199 11 10

Total - £. 666 3 7

The Ship John ddventurer, principal? Ia8 6 2

Money - - *

For Interest ----- 54 *9 4

Total - £183 5 6

-sseasaxssssaBVHEfA

For which the said Commissioner* prepared Debenture; but no Person appearing to demand the fame, till the Time, limited by Act of Parliament for issuing such Debentures, expired, the said Debts remain unsatisned.

Whereupon the Committee came to the Resolution

following: ,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Allegations of the Petition are fully proved, and that the Petitioners be relieved accordingly.

Ordered That it he an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, anq Raft India Goods, and certain additional ImpoGtions upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, and certain Duties upon Whale-fins, and other Things mentioned, tq raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s necessary and important OecaGons, and for exporting British Copper, and Brafi Wire, Duty-free, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to impower the Commissioners, namecjl in the Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for taking, examining, and determining, the Debts, due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, to Ggn Debentures for the Moneys due to the said Petitioners.

Sir Francis Masham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Barony of IVem, and Manors of ffetfi and Loppington, and several Lands and Tenements, so

the County of Salop, and the Manors of Dolby and Broughton, and Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Leicester, and the Manor of Fulmer, and several Lands and Tenements, in the County of , late the Eftafe of George late Lord Jeffreys, deceased, ip Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts and Portions, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had riven their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made fbmc Art^nd-ments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Tabic; where they were twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follow;

Pr. 7. L. 1. After "said" add "George."

L. 32. Leave out " was," and insert " were."

Pr. 13. L. 23. After "Pence" add "Three Farthings."

L. 27. After " Pence" add " Three Far-

" things."

Pr. 17. L. Mf. After "Pence" add "Three Farthings."

Pr. 20. L. 19. Leave out "Seventeen," and instead thereof insert " Seven."

Pr. 24. L. 6. Leave out " Manors," and insert "Manor;" and in the same Line, after " Premises" add " in the County of Bucks."

L. 8. Leave out " Manors," and insert " Manor."

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harvey'* for the better Performance of the Will of Stephen Esquire, deceased, and making Provision for his Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fairer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with fotne Amendments; to which they deGre their Lordships Concurrence.

The House took into ConGderation the Amendments, Commits* made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for ren- of ^ewtrt-dering more effectual the Laws, concerning the Commissions of Sewers.

And the same were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

2 Sk. 6. L. After " Successors" add " or any Six or

" more of them." 1

7 L. Leave out "or any Six or more of them.

' < L.

j#&

<031

’faorttf

jtQ

idti

'hit

Uk,

V*.

it

J ':,r 1

8 Ann.

ii

Embezzle* men of wrecked Goods.

Seamen*

Wage*.

Export of Salt Provilkm from Scotland.

Coldfcam't

ElUtr.

liiddlesex

Hegilter.

io L. After "Commission" add Mand.f# Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them! that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Aprilis. 195

TcBc^ortbeN^ }

141*

75-

Mr. Hunger ford (according to Order) presented to the

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

OrdThat Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the House, a Bill to prevent the Embezzlement of Goods Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed and Merchandizes, call away upon or near the Coast of to the fame, with some Amendments j to which they Great Britain; and the same was received. desire their Lord ships Concurrence.

Ordered \That the Bill be read upon Thursday Morning next. Ord That the ingossed Bill from the Lords, in- Patron*

tituled. An Act to preserve the Rights of Patrons to Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning Advowsons, be read the Third time upon Mom* T0 00*'

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing next, upon the Bill for the regulating the Payment of the Seamen’s Wages. Then the House (according to Order resolved itself Africa*

. , ,. ,. , into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Trade.

An ingossed Bill for ascertaining, and directing the for the Impr0Veraent of the Trade to Africa, by

Payment of, the Allowances to be made for or upon the cfoblishing a rcgu|ated Company.

Exportation, from Scotland, of Fish, Beef, and Pork, ^jr gpeafccr \cfr the Chair

cured with foreign Salt, imported before the First of Thc £^d William took the Chair of the

May, 1707, and for disposing such Salt, (till remaining Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord William Powlett reported from the Committee, that they had heard the Counsel of Sir John Crisp, upon his Petition, referred to the said Committee 1 and had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed

in the Hands of her Majesty’s Subjects there, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. L after " Three " to insert or more."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon.

agreed unto by the House i and the Bill amended at the fiim to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Table accordingly.

Resolveod,’Thzt the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for afeertaioing, and directing the Payment of, the Allowances, to be made for or upon the Exportation, from Scotland, of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with foreign

Salt, imported before the First Day of May, 1707, and for disposing such Salt, still remaining in the Hands of her Majesty’s Subjects there; and for afrertaining, and securing, the Allowances for Fish, and Flesh exported, and to be exported, from Scotland, for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Wentworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands, and Annuities, late the Estate of John Coldham, of Tooting Graveney, Esquire, deceased, for railing of Portions for his Grandchildren, according to his Will, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 1 and that the Parties concerned had given

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock;

Luna, 11* die Aprilis \

Anno 8* Anna Reginse, 1709.

Praters.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Elye, Esquire, to raise Moneys out of his Estate, to pay his Debts, and for settling the Residue thereof, together with the Estate of,

his Wife, to the Uses intended by the Marriage Settlement, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the

Elye.

EftttU.

their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- to acquaint them, that this House

mittee» and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the publick registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and other Incumbrances, which shall be made of,

hath agreed to the Bill, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That all the Members, that serve for the Seizure of Sea-Ports, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Budge, Manner, was referred. Ip'

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tene- - . ~ f__ . T , , . *

menu, ot HereditJcnts, wi.bin the County of Mid- (AumgroffcdB.ll from the Lorfs. intituled, An Act L»r dldcx after the Twenty-ninth Day of Stptmi", One for veiling the B.rony and Manor. aUVm and

thousand Seven hundred and Nine' war (according to

Commercial Intercourse imh Scot-)ind.

Improving the Union*

Trials for TadfoD#

County of , and the Manors of Dolby and

and Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Leicester, and the Manor of Fulmer, and several Lands and Tenements, in the County of Bucks, late the Estate of George late Lord Jeffreys, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts and Portions, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms, was agreed to the fame, with some Amendments to which

Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart and William Murray, Merchants, be taken into Consideration

upon Thursday Morning next.

(according to Order) read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals j The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Vol 16.

they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That Thomas Searle, and others, Inhabitants Milborn Port of the Borough of Milborn Port, in the County of So- Ele lon% merfet, who pay Scotland Lot within the said Borough

(according

f!nO(

196 ii4 Aprilis. A. 1709.

(according to their. Desires) have Leave to withdraw their Petition, touching the Election for the said Borough.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and

Mr. Methr

Mr. Speaker,

Nettle*’ The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Eftat*. veiling the Equity of Redemption of the Manor of

Backwell, in the County of in Trustees, to be

fold, pur hunt to the Will eACharlotta Nettles, deceased,

: ^tnd a Decree in Chancery; t9 which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Howe'* Art ingrossed Bill from the Lorjls, intituled, An Act to Estate. enable William Howe, of Somerton Early, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, to fell the Manor and Farm of Gunvile Eastbury, alias Tarrant Gunvile, in the County of , and several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Gunvile Eastbury, alias Tarrant Gunvile, aforesaid, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, to the same Uses, to which the said Manor and Premises in Gunvile alias Tarrant

now Hand limited, in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

[ Bejolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir frauds do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them,: that this. House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Army, See. A Petition of Susannah, the Widow of Claude Renatit Debenture*. je ja Piemeute, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner caused Fourteen Army and Transport Debentures to be bought for her by a Friend here, who soon after went to Holland, and left the same sealed up, in the Hands of one Mr in

London :That afterwards Petitioner ordered them to be sent to her at the Hague, and Mr. inclosed

them, and put them into the Post-house in London, fi;om whence they were carried to Harwich, and there put on board the Marlborough Packet Boat, which in her Voyage was taken by a Frenib Privatejer; but the Mail, with the v Letters, was thrown over-board, and funk: And praying,

Ibme Provision may be made, lor the iflfuing out Duplicates of the said Debentures.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, and Goods, and certain

additional Impositions upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, and certain Duties upon Whale-fins, and other Things mentioned, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s necessary and important Occasions, and for exporting British Copper, and Brass Wire, Duty-free, is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and M r. McUor:

Mr. Speaker,

Powlett’* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling some Part of the Estate, in the County of Lincoln, included in the Marriage Settlement of the Right ’ honourable William Pewlett, Esquire, commonly called Lord William Powlett, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge an Incumbrance, fallen on the same by virtue of a Decree of the high Court of Chancery, and to confirm an Agreement, made by the said Lord William Powlett, with the Right honourable the Coun-tel’s Dowager of Bridgwater, and the Executors of the: Duke of Bolton, deceased, relating to such Incumbrance,

with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House;

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the House proceeded to take the said Amend-' merits into Consideration.

And the fune, being twice read, were, upon the Question *4

put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as

follow; viz.

9 Pr. 31,32 L. Leave out " for a full and valuable " Consideration."

loPr. 5 L. After "Trustees" add " amongst other " things"

t c L. After " Decree " add " amongst other things."

11 Pr. to L. After " Duke " add " for Redemption of the said Premises."

16 Pr. 16, 17 L. Leave out "and the said Exccu-tors of the said late Duke of B."; 30 L. Leave out " as aforesaid."

' 18 Pr. 18 L. After " Peirce" insert "and the Sur- '

" vivors and Survivor of them, and his Heirs."

20 L. After " Ninety" add " Seven;" for " Thirteen " insert " Six; " and for " Two " insert " Ten."

19 Pr. 5 L. After "Peirce" add " the Survivors and " Survivor of them, and their Heirs."

ao Pr. 26 L. After "claiming" add " or to claim.’*

34 L. Leave out " also," and instead thereof read " after Payment of the said Sum of Eight hundred " Eighty-seven Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Eleven " Pence Half-peny, remaining due to the said Job*

" Lauze, with Interests, and Coils, as aforesaid, every " Purchaser or Purchasers* and his and their Heirs, and " Assigns, shall hold the said Premises freed and discharged from and."

21 Pr. 5 L. After " Payment" add " thereof."

29:L. Leave out from "or," inclusive, to the second."and" in the 32d Line.

35 L. After " Estate" add " of the said late " Duke of Bolton."

22 Pr. 25 L. After " notwithstanding" add And it " is hereby further enacted. by the Authority aforesaid,

" that, uponjhe Payment of the said Eight hundred " Eighty-seven Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, ^Eleven " Pence Half-peny, with Interests, and Colls, unto the said John Lauze, and his Assigns, as aforesaid, the said " John Lauze, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

" shall, at the Requests, Colls, and Charges, of the said " Lord William Powlett, his Heirs and Assigns, release " unto the said Denzi/l Onjloiv, John Jacob, and John " Peirce, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and " the Heirs of l'uch Survivor, all the Right, Title, Interest. Claim, and Demand, of the said John,

" his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of, in,

" and to, the said Premises. hereby enacted to be sold;

." and also, upon such Payment, as aforesaid, 11)all, at the " like Request, Colls, and Charges, of the said Lord " William Powlett, his Heirs, and Assigns, release unto " the said Lord William Powlett, and his Heirs, all the "/ Right, Title, interest, Claim, and Deriiand, of the said " John Lauze, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of, in, and to, all other the Manors, Lands, and " Tenements, purchased of the said Sir William Wray,

" and comprised in the said Marriage Settlement, or " either of them."

23 Pr. 5 L. After " Bolton" add " except the present " Lessee or Lessees of the Premises, hereby enacted to " be fold, or of any Part thereof."

8 L. After " Premises " insert " hereby enacted " to be sold."

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The Lord William Powlett reported from the Com- Uiuldey-Y mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Estate. tuled. An Act to enable Thomas Bulkley, Gentleman, to fell Part of his Estate, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, to payoff Debts.'which were precedent to, and do affect, the said Settlement, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had. given their Consents to the Bill, tb the Satisfaction of the

‘ Committee;

Privileges of AmUuLulors.

Reverfing l^ord Slant* Attainder*

Coldham’s

Eftatt.

Sopply Bill Impositions on Wines, 4c*

8 Ann.

i i

I2C

Aprilis.

197

Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her-report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Majesty’s necessary and important Occasions, and for;

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table. exporting Copper, and Brass Wire, Duty-free.

The House took into Confederation the Amendments^ made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preterving the Privileges of Ambassadors, and other Mini fie rs of foreign Prmcos and States.

And the fame, being once read, are as follow; a Sk. 7. L. After "the" insert *Domestick or Do-mestick."

a L. After " in Aided " add Clause, marked A.

Ordered That

be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill' from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Stop-ford, Esquire, to fell Lands in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, and Portions, was committed.

Stopfonf'#

Etute.

Ordered, That

be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill A. " Provided, that no Person shall be proceeded from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Term against, as having arrested the Servant of an AmbafTa- of Five Hundred Years, created by Richard dor, or publick Minister, by virtue of this Act, unless Esquire, and his Trustees, for securing the Payment of the Name of such Servant be first registered in the £.8,000 and Interest, was committed.

Minfhair*

LiUltu

Office of one of the principal Secretaries of State, and " by such Secretary transmitted to the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, for the time being, or their Under-

(beriffs, or Deputies; who shall, upon the Receipt " thereof, bang up the same in (ome publick Place, in " their Office, where to all Persons may resort, and take Copies thereof, without Fee or Reward."

The First Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment (Clause A) being read a Second time;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Marti*, 120 Aprilis;

Anno 8* Ann* Regin*, 1709.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Manor An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, of Rockwell, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be by inserting, after Provided," these Words, and be it pursuant to the Will of Nettles, deceased,

further declared, that no Merchant, or other Trader *nd Decree in Chancery, was read the First time.

whatsoever, within the Description of any the Statutes Refohcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

" against Bankrupts, who hath or shall put himself into , That the Bill be read a Second time upon

the Service of any such Ambassador, or public Mini- Morning next,

iter, shall have or take any manner of Benefit by this

NettW

Estate.

"Ad; and."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

Sir Francis Masham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Term of Five hundred Years, created by Richard Minshall, Esquire, and his Trustees, for securing the Payment of Eight thousand Pounds, and Interest, was committed; that they had examined the

Minfhairj

Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the c T an u r

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed A 1^'°^ °pthe Bll,» and f°u.nd th.e famf to tTrUi > to the said Amendments, with an Amendment to one of and that. hf Part'^.concerned had given their Contents

to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments so the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were twice

.asproposed tobemadetotheSecond read- lnd. upon the Question fovcrally put thereupon, by the Committee to the Bill, by in- aS«d "»«> by the House, and are as fellow, ferting, after the Word "Honout" the Word "only." Pr. 2- I- 27. After such add lffiic.

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, 5 5- J- > 5- Alter and leave out "

agreed unto by the House. Pr. y. U 3 j. Leave out " hereby vested to the fe.d

RefoJved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

them; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act toreverse the Outlawry and Attainder of Lord

Baron of Slane, in Ireland, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was Amendment, made

Trustees, to be sold, as aforesaid.’

Ordered, That Mr. 'fredenham, do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, with fbme Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands, and Annuities, late the Estate of John Coldhatp, of Tooting Graveney, Esquire, deceased, for railing of Portions for his Grandchildren, according to his Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. fVentworth do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, and India Goods, and certain additional Impositions upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, and certain Duties upon Whale-fins, and other things mentioned* to raise Money by way Vol. 16.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bolles’

for the Payment of the Debts of Sir John Bolles, Baronet, Estate.

a Lunatick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they deftre their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that her Arrears of Majesty had been pleased to command him to lay be-

fore them a Memorial, which the had received from Monsieur deVrybergh, the Envoy of the States General,

of the 44th of April instant, relating to the Pay of the Thirteen Dutch Regiments.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Memorial was read, and is as follows; viz.

Madam,

THE under-written Envoy Extraordinary from the States of the United Provinces has Orders to represent to your Majesty, that their High Mightinesses cannot

3 D omit

African

Creditors.

Harvey’l Will.

Reversing

Bagot/s

Outlawry.

Lord

Jefferys*

Estate.

Reversing Lord Slane's Attainder.

The Clerk* Rerjeant at Aram, Ae.

198

12° Aprilis.

A. 1769.

0®it renewing their Solicitations with your Majesty, on and other Clerks, Officers, and Servants, attending this account of the Arrears, due to the Thirteen Regiments House, by reason of the passing the Bill for a general of their Troops, which served your Kingdom so usefully Naturalization, this Session, and in respect to the late in the last War, their Accounts having been adjusted in Orders, made concerning the passing of private Bills the last Session of Parliament. Their High Mightinesse through this House, and otherwise; do firmly allure themselves, that the necessary Fund, to Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad*

pay them, will be settled in this present Session; which dress be presented to her Majesty, that (he will be being likely to be loon ended, the States General do graciously pleased to take the said Losses of the Clerk, earnestly beseech your Majesty to take care, that the Per- Serjeant at Arms, Clerk-assistant, and other Clerks, fons concerned may have just Satisfaction, before the Par- Officers, and Servants, attending this House, into her lament breaks up. They have now waited for it above Confederation, and to give them such Recompence and these twelve Years: The Debt is proved, and owned; and Encouragement; with respect to their several Trusts, as those who claim it, are the Troops and Subjects of the (he, in her Royal Wisdom, shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

laid States; who suffer extremely by so long a Delay; and many of them complain, that, instead of a Recompence, which they think they have deferred, for the Affection, Zeal, and Faithfulness, wherewith they have employed their Blood and Lives for the Service of your Majesty’s Kingdoms, they meet with their Ruin, not being able to bear such long Delays. It is a Trouble to

Wr

Ordered, That Mr Onslow do carry the ingrdffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the honourable William CecilI, Esquire, -with others, to fell Lands,

Cecill’*

Estate,

Estate by the Right honourable late Earl of

Exeter, deceased, his late Father, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendments.

the said States, to be obliged to importune your Majesty for the Payment^of several Debts, ^charged upon his so often upon the same Business; but the Protection, and r'n' ’~

the Care, they owe to their Subjects, in their just Preten-fions, does not allow them to omit doing their Part; and they hope, from the Generosity, as well as Justice, of your Majesty, that you will give the necessary Orders, that the Persons, interested in this Debt, may at last receive Satisfaction.

At London, the ~i^th April, 1709.

And also the Order was read, for taking into Confederation the former Memorial of Monsieur Vryberge, on the 3th of March last, upon Mr. Hallungius’ Petition, and the Declaration of several Officers, relating to the Arrears, due to the Thirteen Dutch Regiments.

Ordered, That the said Memorials, and also the Petitions, which have been presented to the House, relating the reunto, he taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Ballclej’lr

Estate,

Mr. Barker (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the Relief of the Creditors of the Royal African Company; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellowes and Mr. Meller:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House. to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Performance of the Will of Stephen Harvey, Esquire, deceased, and making Provision for his Children.

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Reversal of the Outlawry of Elianor Bagot, the Wife of John Bagot.

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Barony of Went, and Manor of Wem and Lop-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas BulkUy, Gentleman, to fell part of the Estate, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, to pay off M. Van. Vryberge. p)ebts, which were precedent to, and do affect, the said Settlement, was read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the1 Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords Frauds i» to the Bill, intituled, An Act for redressing, and pro- Stamp venting, several Frauds and Practices, relating to her Dutie®' Majesty’s Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Pleas at minster, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

m

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Encouraging into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Coinage, continuing the former Acts, for the Encouragement of the Coinage;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to giva Encouragement to such Persons, as shall bring foreign Coin, and Plate of the old Standard, into the Mint, to be coined.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Ataend-

pington and several Lands and Tenements, in the County ments thereunt which they bad dire<fled him to report

of Salop, and the Manors of Dolby and Broughton, and when the House nlrease ’ receive the fam.

when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thwfday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom- Fortifying ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Portsmouth,

upon the Bill for nominating and impowering Com.-missionerSjto make Surveys of Lands and Tenements, which are proper to be purchased, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours of -

ham, and Harwich, and to ascertain the Value of the fame.

&c. 11 arbours.

Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Leicester, and the Manor of Fulmer, and several Lands and Tenements, in the Cqunty of Bucks, late the Estate of George late Lord Jeffreys, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts and Portions, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to reverse the Outlawry and Attainder of Christopher Lord Baron of Slam, in Ireland.

And then the MelTcngers withdrew.

The House taking, into Consideration. the great Losses, which have been, and will for the future be Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Patron* annually, to the Clwk», Sorjeaat at Arms, Clerkraflistant, intituled, An Act to preserve the Rights of Patrons to Eights to

Advowsons, AovowJ' "5-

8 Ann.

;o.

14° Aprilis* 199

Advowsons, be read the Third time upon Morning next.

And thert the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Nine a Clock.

Mercurii,130;

Anno 8* Anns Regime* 1709*

PAay eu.

Stopfor<r« Tk/T^* Annejky reported from the Committee, to whom W«t*. jLVA the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, All' Act to enable James Stopf Esquire, to fell Lands in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, and Portions, was committed ;that they had heard the Petitioners upon the Petitions, refet+ed to the Committee; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had. given their Confcnts to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And lie delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be received Upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in* Middlefe* titukd. An Act for the publick registering of Deeds* Register. Conveyances, and Wills, and other Incumbrances, which shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors*. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Middlesex, after the Twenty-qinth Day of Sep*

tenter. One thousendSevert hundred and Nine, be read a Second time Tomorrow* at Twelve a Clock.

Refol\*d, That this House WiH, To-mOrtdw Morn- Fortifying irtg, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Portsmouth, of the whole House Upon the Bill for nominating and ienpowering Commissioners, to make Survey* of Lands and Tenements, Which are proper to be pu rebated, for the better fortifying and securing thfe Harbours ot mouth, Chatham, and Harwich, and tt> Olcertain the Va* lue of the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, resolve African itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider irude* further of the Bill for the better Improvement of the Trade to Africa, by establishing a regulated Complrty.

1

1

t

fcpply Bill; Ordered, That it be an Instruct ion to the Committee of luipoiitwns the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Impositiotrs upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, and East India Goods, and certain additional Impositions upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, and certain Duties upon Whale-fins, and other things therein mentioned, to raile Money by way of Loan, f >r the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s necessary and important Occasions, and for exporting British Copper, and Brass , Wire, Duty-free, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to impower the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (if they at a general Court shall think, fit) to agree with the Lord Treasurer, for the circulating more Exchequer Bills for any Sum, tiot exceeding Six hundred Twelve thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds, for the Service of the Year 1709.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power (o receive a C.aule of Credit.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive d Clause of Appropriation.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. and Mr.

Meller:

Mr. Speaker,

Commifton* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act roof Sewers for giving the Commissioners of Sewers, for the City of of London. London, the same Powers as the Commissioners of Sewers

for the Counties have, and to oblige Collectors for the Sewers to account, without Amendment.

Barrklay Alio, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An turtle, kc. Act for making the Ships, the Bariklay and James ^P*- of Montrofs, free Ships, without Amendment.

And then the Melfrngers withdrew.

Supply Bill; Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of in Wiues* House, upon the Bill for continuing several

fa lue*, Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, arid East India Goods, and certain additional Impositions upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, and certain Duties upon W ha!e-ftn% and other things therein mentioned, to raile Money by way ot Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s necessary and important Occasions, and for exporting Brit if: Copper, and Brass Wire, Duty-free.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will plealc to receive the same.

Vol. 16.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Raifingtha resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hi ut.e, Mini* upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovts, 140 die Aprilit j

Anno 8* Annae Regina, 1709.

Praters.

A PETITION of the poor distress*ed insolvent bebtort Debtors, Prisoners in Newgate, was presented to the 1,cUUon*

House, and read} setting forth, that they are many in Number, and have been many Years confined under Lock and Key, and ready to perish and die in this loath foure Gaol, for want of Neceflanes and SubsistcnCe, as others lately have done: And praying, they may be redeemed, by a gracious Act of Parliament, from their Bond ige.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nettle*’ for veiling the Equity of Redenv lion of the Mm r of l'UaU* Back-well, in the County of Sotnerfet, in Trutiers, to be sold, pursuant to the YVtll of Chariotta Nettles, deceased, and a Decree in Chancery, was (according to Order) read the Second time.

Rfohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir William IVhillock, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Morrison, Lord Fiiiharding, Mr. Compton, Lord Hyde, Colonel,

Mr. Cockbourne, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Core, Mr. § cobell, Mr.

Barker, Sir 21 bo.Wcbfter, Mr. Stockdale, Mr.

Major General Erie, Mr. Lomax, Lord Cohtngsby, Mr. Ridmond, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Amtejley, Lord William Powlxt, Mr. Caty, Mr. Bromley, Sir Fran.

Mr. B/agrave, Mr. GodAphin, Mt. , Sir

Beaumont, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Clave Moor, Colonel fVhitchcott , Mr. Serjeant Girdler, Mr. , Mr. Lifter,

Sir Walter Young, Mr. Guy dott, Mr. Strickland, Mr, Worthy j and all for the Counties of Somerset, and Devon:

And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tire House took into ConGderation the Amendments, Parochial mode by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Libraries, better Preservation of parochial Libraries in that Part of Great Britain called England.

And

aoo

Windsor

Deanery.

Stopford's

Estate.

A. Stafford's Estate.

14° Apr

A1709.

And the same were read, and are as follow,

a Pr. 6 L After " Ordinary" add " or his Commis*

" fary, or Official."

8 L. After " Surrogate" insert if the said Archdeacon be not the Incumbent of the Place,

" where such Library is."

3 Pr. 24 L. After " Parish" add " or for any other " publick Occasion, for which the said Place hath been " ordinarily used."

4Pr. 14 L. After " Ordinary" insert " and then " only, when there is a Duplicate of such Book or Books."

At the End of the Bill add the Clause, marked A.

Clause A. " Provided always, that nothing in this Act " contained shall extend to a publick Library, lately " erected in the Parish of Ryegate, in the County of Surrey, for the Use of the Freeholders, Vicar, and Inba-

* bitants, of the said Parish, and of the Gentlemen, and " Clergymen, inhabiting in Parts thereto adjacent."

The ift, ad, 3d, and 4th, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " the said *' library being constituted in another Manner, than the " Libraries provided for by this Act."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the said Amendments, with an Amendment; to which Amendment they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for annexing the Rectory or Parsonage of , in the County of Oxorti to the Deanery of her Majesty’s free Chapel of St. George within her Castle of Windsor, and for veiling the Rectory and parochial Church of St. Mary, alias North Church, Barkhin the County of

Hertford, in the Dean and Canons of her Majesty’s free Chapel of St. George within her Castle of Windsor, in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Topham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Stopford, Esquire, to fell Lands in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, and Portions, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do cany the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Mr. Swinfen reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Anthony Stafford, Gentleman, to fell, or mortgage, lorne Part of his Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Derby and Chester, for the Payment of his Father’s. Debts, and his own, and the better settling and securing the rest, for the Benefit of his Wife, and Family, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their-Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

BoW

Estate.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medh/cott and

Mr. Fellows: .

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Payment of the Debts of Sir John Bolles, Baronet, a Lunatick.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Hand ifyde’*, An Act for the Relief of ilje non-commissioned Officers, &c* Re8* and Soldiers, of the respective Companies of the Three mente* Regiments of Colonel Thomas Handufyde, Colonel John Livefay, and Lieutenant General Erie, and of the Four independent Companies at New York, in America, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Minshall'i for confirming a Term of Five hundred Years, created . Estate. by Richard Minshall, Esquire, and his Trustees, for, securing the Payment of Eight thou fend Pounds, and.

Interest, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill:

And a Debate arising in the House upon the fame;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tor. morrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Patron* to preserve the Rights of Patrons to Advowsons, was Ki^hta to (according to Order) read the T hird time. AJvowluu*.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out " the Commencement, from and after,"

(Ac.

And the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

:ur.

64.

68.

Tellers for the Yeas, Anncjley,

9 (Mr. Blagrave:

Tellers for the Noes, fdr'

’(Mr. Swmfen:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Conningsby do carry he Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath. agreed to the lame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Encouragh^ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Coinage, continuing the former Acts, for the Encouragement of the Coinage, was committed, the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideratioiy Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycott and Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mirchief* for making more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth by lire.. Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire, with some Amendments } to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made Privileges of by this House to the Amendments, made by their Lord- AmbaHiidors. ships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preserving the Privileges of Atnbaffadors, and other publick Ministers of foreign Princes and States.;

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to 'Fortifying resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Poriiin the Bill for nominating and impowering Commissioners, .^0cu‘r^lar"

to

Si.

’v;

V-

Sr

8 Ann.

14* — 15"

201

to make Surveys of Lands and Tenements, which are of the Royal Company,- be read upon this Day

proper to be purchased, for the better fortifying and Seven-night.

securing the Harbours of Perrtfmouth, Chatham, and

Harwich, and to ascertain the Value of the same; ’, That the Amendments, made by the Lords Frauds in

And a Motion being made, and the Question being to the BilJ, intituled, An Act for redressing, and pre- Stamp

put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair»

The House dtvtded:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeu,^' . }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. 'Travers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfumed the Chair.

S3-

Sx-

venting, several Frauds and Practices, relating to her’ Majesty’s Duties upon stampt Vellum, Parchment, and-Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas at mnjler, be taken into Consideration upon Monday next at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn* ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Improvement of the Trade to by establishing a regulated Company.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole Hovfe, Mr. Travers reported from the Committee, that they Upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1709, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, repaid.

when the House will please to receive the same. _ , _ . , e

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow , That the lngroffedBdl for making the River1

Mo-nine Ketmelt navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, be read the Third time upon this Day

Middled* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fortnight.

K«6i.ur* for publick registering of Deeds,! Conveyances, and Wills, and other Incumbrances, which shall be made.of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Middlesex, after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, was (according to Order) read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barker,

Mr. Aujlin, Mr. Neville, Mr. Churchill, Sir John Ben-net, Sir John Hans Us, Colonel Stanley, Mr. Page, Str

Fran. Masham, Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Plumptree, Mr.

Hillerfden, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Cecil!, Sir Wcbfter, Mr. Ft non. Sir Wm. Dailies, Mr. Hutchinson,

Mr. Alone k ton, Sir Wm. Hujiler, Mr. Bridges, the Lord

Wm. Powlet, Mr. Serjeant Girdler, Mr. Coxc, Mr. Gui-

dott, Mr. Ckolmlcy, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Richmond, Mr.

Durtcomb, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Cluvell, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

Solicitor General, Sir Wm, Whitlocke, Sir Robert

fiall. Sir 7bo. Travdl, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Annejley, Mr.

Onslow, Sir IVm. Withers, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Webb,

Duties*

African

Trad*.

Railing the Militia*

Kennett

Navigation.

Ordered, That Seizure of

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Budge’s Richard Budge, Mariner, was referred. 8bip.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 150 die Aprilis; Anno 8* Annse Regin at, 1709. Prayers.

EmVault*

n.eiu ot ^rrcked Coca*.

Seamen

THE House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the AmendmcnU proposed to be made to the ingrossed Bilt from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a, Term of Five hundred Years, created by Richard Min-. shall, Esquire, and hisTruftecs, for securing the Payment of Eight thousand Pounds, and Interest.

And the Amendment, proposed Yesterday, was waved. Then the Amendments following were severally pro-Mr, Skippon, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Chace, Mr. Woollaflon’, and posedtobe made to the Bill; viz.

all, that serve for North Britain, London, Surrey, Berks, P. 7. L. 7. Leave out from "NAft" to " acquitted," and Rucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five L. 9.

a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. . L. After "Settlement" insert " subject

" nev$rtheless to' the Redemption of such Person or rer-

MinffcaH’f

Estate.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Embezzlement of Goods and Merchandizes, call away upon or near the Coast of Great Britain, be read upon this Day Seven-night.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Payment of Seamen’s Wages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sfieaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments

" fons, and in such manner, as the said Estate was,

" would or ought to have been, subject and liable to, in case this Act had never been made."

L. 19. After " Successors" insert "and to the Right honourable Sir John Trevor, Mailer of the Rolls, Sir Lacon William Child, and their Cestuique " Trulls."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath

thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when agreed to the fame, with some Amendments > to which the House wul please to receive the same. they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock. Ordered, That Sir John Packingion, Mr. Tredenham,

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy have Sir James Etheridge, Colonel Grahme, Sir Notice, to attend this House at that Time, if they shall Mr. Bilson, Mr. James Worsley, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. think lit. '

Nettle*

Estate,

Commercial

Intercom fe enth

Scotland.

Africa*

CieUiUua,

Ordered, That the Petition of Walter Stewart and William Murray, Merchants, be taken into Confederation upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of the Creditors Yoi. 16.

Bromley, Mr. Palmes, Sir Fra. Warr, Mr.

Mr. Coward, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Stevens, Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Cunningham, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Manor of Backwell, in the County of , in Trustees, to be sold, pursuance to the Will of CharlottA

3 E Nettle,

202

15

A.

7°9'

Itaifing the

Militia.

Sir William left the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Huftlerreported from the Committee, that

they had gone through the Bill, and made Ibme Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Middlefei

Register.

Middlesex

liegifter.

Ditto.

Nettle, deceased, and a Decree in Chancery, was com- kept by the Petitioner, and the other Officers, is altoge-mitted. ther as effectual for the Security of Purchasers, as this

new Office can be; and so not only increase the Charge,

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a by requiring an Entry in Two Offices, but take away the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing only Recompence, the Petitioner has for his Labour in the Militia for the Year 1709, although the Month’s keeping the said Register for 30<r Years past: And pray-Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid. ing to be heard by Counsel against that Part of the Bill ‘

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. which relates to the registering of Judgments.

Sir William Huftler took the Chair of the Committee. Ordered, That the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel

(if he think fit) at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of J , Gentleman, one of the

Two sworn Clerks to execute the Office of the Inrolment in the high Court of Chancery, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that by a particular Clause in a Bill, lent down from the Lords, intituled.

An Act for the publick registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, in the County of the Pe-

A Petition of Bajftll Hern, John Suffeild , John Highlord, titioner apprehends, he will be much injured, in regard Nathaniel Barnardifton, William Lamb, William Brydges, the whole registering is thereby fixed in the other Clerk

John Bawling, Daniel Bland, and Edward Buftrode, on solely: And praying to be heard by Counsel, touching behalf of themselves, and the rest of the incorporated the said Clause.

Clerks of Inrolment in the high Court of Chancery, was Ordered, That the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Bar of this House (if he think fit) Tomorrow Queen Elizabeth did, by Letters Patents, dated at West- Morning.

minster the 18th of November, in the 16th Year of her Ordered; That the Petitioners be beard only by one Reign, incorporate the Six Clerks, and the Three Clerks Counsel upon each Petition, of the Petty Bag, of the high Court of Chancery, and

" A Message for the Lords, by Mr. Medlycott and

Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving Hereditaments, within the County of Middlesex, after the Union of the Two Kingdoms, with some Amend-the 29th Day of September, 1709, there is a Clause, ments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this whereby the sworn Clerk, to execute the Office of Inrol- House: ment in Chancery, for Middlesex, is made one of the Alfb, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Altering Registers of the said intended Registry; by means where- foraltering Whitsunday and Lammas Terms, for the Court Exchequer of.th e Petitioners do apprehend, that their Deputy will of Exchequer in; to which the Lords desire the " "

be made in his own Right, to the utterExclufion of the Concurrence of this House:

Petitioners from any Benefit in the said Office: And Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, praying to be heard by Counseljat the Bar of the House, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the what they have to object against the said Clause. annexing the Redlory or Parsonage of Hafely, in the

And a Motion being made, and the Question being County of Oxon, to the Deanery of her Majesty’s free ot, That the Petitioners be heard, according to the Chapel of St. George within her Castle of and

'rayer of their Petition;

The House divided;

The Yeas go forth;

their Successors, Clerks of Inrolment in the said Court forever: That in the Bill from the Lords, now depending in this House, for publick registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and other Incumbrances, that may afLdl any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or

Improving the Union*

Trials for Treason.

Terms in Scotland.

Windsor Deau cry.

ittkatf

- r Mid,

for veiling the Redlory and parochial Church of St. Mary, alias North Church, Barkhamstead, in the County of Hertford, in the Dean and Canons of her Majesty’s,) , free Chapel of St. George within her Castle of,

j ’ in lieu thereof:

) ? Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made

j by this House to their Lordships Amendments, made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of And the House being informed, that the Committee, parochial Libraries in that Part of Great Britain called to whom the said Bill was committed, had met, and gone England.

TcJte for the

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Parochial

Libraries.

-Hi

through the Bill, and directed the same to be reported to the House;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow, Morning; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Petition of Richard Owen, Clerk of the ElToins in the Court of Common Pleas at was presented

to the House, and readletting forth, that by an Act

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Amendments, made by this House to the ingrafted Bill, intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms, were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Amendments be taken into Confide-

Improving the Union.

Trials for Treaioa.

if

4* id 5* Willielmi et Maria, for the better Discovery of ration upon Monday Morning next;

Judgments in the Courts of Queen’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster, it is enacted, that the Petitioner, in the said Court of Common Pleas, and the respective Officers, therein mentioned, in the other Courts, shall, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, keep an alphabetical Docket, or Register, of all Judgments recovered in the said Courts, to be searched by all Persons, paying for each Term and no more: That the Bill, now depending, for registering all Deeds, Judgments, and other Incumbrances, that shall affect any Lands in the County of Middlesex, directs, that all such Judgments shall be registered in another Office, to be

The House divided;

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Ye«|*rr

Tellers for the Noes,};*' 3f" C‘pt‘ (Mr. Lawftn:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

119. 114.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Supply Bill;. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for Impoiuions continuing several Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar,

Tobacco, and East India Goods, and certain additional

on Wines, Sic.

created for that, and no other Purposess That the Docket, Impositions upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes,

j

8 Ann.

i 50 — 16°

203

dizes, and certain Duties upon Whale-fins, and other the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second things therein mentioned, to raile Money by way of time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Ma- thereupon (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed jesty’s necessary and important Occasions, and for export- unto by the House.

ing British Copper, and Brass Wire, Duty-free, was ', That the Bill, with the Amendments, be committed, the Amendments, they had directed him ingrossed.

to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the tame were once read throughout, and then a Second time, ing next,

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Sufferers at resolve itself into a Committee of the whole evlsan St*

one by one, and, upon the Question severally put there- House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the

Chnliophers.

Supply granted to her Majesty, to enable the People of Nevis and St. Christopbers to resettle there.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Fortifying whole House, to whom the Bill for nominating and im- ^Harbourt

upon (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Lord High Treasurer, who is required to pay out of any of the Moneys, granted this Session for the Service of the Year, 1709, to the Treasurer of the Navy, a Sum, powering Commissioners, to make Surveys of the Lands not exceeding £.780,000, shall pay the same towards the and Tenements, which are proper to be purchased, for Payment of Seamen’s Wages. the better fortifying and securing the Harbours of Ports-

Aud the same was twice read, with a Blank; which month, Chatham, and Harwich, and to ascertain the Value was filled up. of the lame, was committed, be received Tomorrow

And the Question being put. That the Clause be made Morning.

Part of the Bill;

*n

"1

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

T«nmfo,h.Yc^;2;xt';

Tdlcn for the No«.| } 95-

So it passed in the Negative.

Cidertd, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ngrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Med/ycot and Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

EmI of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

tuonckard* for the Relief of the Earl of Clanrickard (lately called Lu*u. Lord Bopbin) of the Kingdom of Ireland, with some

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Payment of Seamen's Wages, was committed, be received Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

iSabbat iy 16° Aprilis;

Anno 8* Ann* Regin*, 1709.

Prayers.

MR Annejley reported from the Committee, to whom

Seamen's

Wages.

Nettle's

Ellats.

1 \

tu-l

Export of Sail I'ro-uiion from

Scotland.

given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

ft U

M in (hall’s I EUate-

A

Earl of Uamirk&rd'i

EftaU.

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An . , - _ Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Manor

Amendments; to which the.r Lordships deitre the Con- of Backwin the County of in Trustees to curience of this rloufe; . be fold, pursuant to the Will of Chariotta de-

Alto, the Lords have agreed to the B.U, intituled An ceased> an'd a Dfcrcc ;n Chancery, was committed; that Act for ascertaining, and directing the Payment of, the t^ey had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Allowances, to be made for or upon the Exportation, {^me to be true; and that the Parties concerned had from Scotland, of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with foreign Salt, imported before the First Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Seven, and for disposing such Salt, dill remaining in the Hands of her Majesty's Subjects there, and for ascertaining and securing the Allowances for Fish and Flesh exported, and to be exported,

from Scotland for the future, without any Amendment: Mr. Travers (according to Older) reported from the Fortifying

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Portsmouth, by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirm- nominating and impowering Commissioners, to make Harbour»

ing a Term of Five hundred Years, created by Richard Surveys of Lands and T enements, which are proper to Minshall, Esquire, and his Trustees, for the securing the be purchased, for the better fortifying and securing the

Harbours of , Chatham, and Harwich, and to

ascertain the Value of the fame, was committed; the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto

/ 9 f

Payment of Eight thousand Pounds, and interest. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Encouraging

Coinage.

Then the House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Earl of Clanrickard (lately called Lord Bophisi) of the Kingdom of Ireland.

And the fame, being once read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the by the House.

House 1 and are as follow; viz. Orj That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Pr. 9. L. it. After* Conditions," leave out ‘‘and;’’ ingrossed. and after " Reservations" insert "and aft Incumbrances

*« whatsoever." An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A- Stafford’*

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the to enable Anthony Stafford, Gentleman, to fell, or mort- Eftaw‘

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed gage, some Part of his Lands and Hereditaments in the to the said Amendments. Counties of Derby and Chester, for the Payment of his

Father’s Debts, and his own, and the better settling and Then the House (according to Order) proceeded to securing the rest, for the Benefit of his Wife, and Family, take into Consideration the Report from the Committee was read the Third time, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing Refohed, That the Bill do pass.

the former Acts, for the Encouragement of the Coinage, Ordered, That Mr. Swinfen do carry the Bill to the

was committed. Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

And the Amendments made by the Committee to to the lame, without any Amendment.

Vol. 16. An

16° — *i 8° Aprilis.

A. 1709.

Supply Pill; Impolitic ns on Wines, &c.

Art irigforffed Bill for1 continuing several Irfipodtions Upon Winfes, Vinfcgar, TobaccO, and East India Goods, drtd certain additional Impofilions UpOn several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, and certain Duties upon Whale-fins, and other things therein mfentibned, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s necessary and important Occasions, and for exporting British Cojrper, and Btaft Wire, Duty-free, tv as feid the Third time.

Art ingrafted Clauffe Wds offered, aS a Rider, to be

ridded to thfe Bill, That no Ferfoii, bfeihga Director of agreed unto by the House. the English Company of Merchants of London, trading to ‘

the East Indies, shall, at the same Time, he capable of Being a Director of the Batik of England.

And the same was once read.

And a Motion being made, and the Qtifeftion being put; That thfe Clkufe be head a Second time; it faffed in thfc Negative.

Rifosaid, That the Bill db pass; and that thfe Title be,

An Act for continuing federal Irhpoiitions, dnd Duties, to raise Money by way of Loan; and for exporting British Copper, and Brass Wire. Duty-free; and for circulating a fljrther Sum irt Exchequer Bills, in case a new Contrfft be tadde in that behalf; and concerning the Oaths to be administered, in relation to Italian thrown Silks; and touching the Oils, and Plantation Goods, of foreign Ministers, taken, or to be taken, as Prize; and toncertiing Drugs cf America, to be imported from her

X m 1 a m m 4 1 /% % A #4 ' r m n M M 4* 4 K i l-\ a /v w*+ v

Middlesex

Register.

Tellers for the Yeas.J i 49*

Tellers for the Noes,j } 33’

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Rill, Pr. 7. L. ft, to leave out the first "the,'1 and after the fecund " the" to insert " Concealment or Sup-"preflion, or."

And the same WAs', Upon the (Jueftiorf put thereupon.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pt. L. after to intfeft "Pour-pence whereof, out of eich Entry of feVety Memorial of the Judgments " in the ComrhOn Pleks, to be paid and accounted for to M the Clerk of the Eflbirts of the said Court by the Register, or Matter.’*

And the Question being put, that the House do agree t to the said Amendment;

In passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That thfe Bill be read the Third time upoa Monday next, at Twelve a Clock,

A| Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycolt and

Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Skeaker,

Thfe Lords have agreed tcf the Bill, Intituled, An Act Enabling In-to enable Infants, Who are seised of Estates in Fee, in fonts to make

Is* pJte C

Majesty’s Plantations; and for appropriating the Moneys, Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of Convey<‘u given in this Session of Parliament; and for making out -Debentures for Two Transport Ships, in this Bill named; and to allow a further Time for rfegiftefing Certain Debentures; and for Relief of Persons, who have loft such Tickets, Exchequer Bills, Debentufes, Tallies, or Orders, as in this Bill are mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrtr do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

such Estates, with feme Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Patrons by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to preserve to the Rights of Patrons to Advowsons: Advowson*.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Whitaker's Act to explain an Act, made in the First Year of her Account*!*

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Edward Whitaker to aCcouht for such Sums of Publick Money, Mr. Barker (according to Order) reported from the as have been received by him, without any Amendment. ' nJ n ' r 1 11 And then the Messengers withdrew.

the Public.

iiin:

t

Committee, to whopi the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the publick registering of Deeds,

Conveyances; and Wills, and other Incumbrances, Which shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Majors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Middlejete, after the Twenty-ninth Efey of . September, One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, was

committed; that the Committee had made one Amende ment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afrerwahds delivered thtfBili in al the Cletk’i Table.

Anti the Counsel attending for the several Petitioner^, A N ingrafted Bill for continuing the former Acts for " iii relation to the Bill, Were called in , Cl thfe Encouragement of the Coinage, was read the

And the several Petitions were read; and the Cotihfol Third tithe. , ..l

Were heard thereupon; and also the Counsel for Mr. Jones, And the Amendments following were fevferilty pro-

onfe of the Clerks of the Ihroltnfent Office in Chancery.' posed to be thadeto the Bill; 'viz.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

» 1 1‘.->"* >'» *- -. < A 1 I

Lunae^ I8° die

Anffo 8° Annae Reginas, 1709.

P fc A t fe A S.

kp.

Encouraging

Coinage.

Arid the Counsel being Withdrawn t The Amendment, mlde by tire Committee, Was read, jahd is as follows:

- Pr. 1. L. v. After Hereditaments" insert<l such," The said Amendment; being read a Second timfe, WAS, upon the Question put thereupon, igfoed unto bjr thfe , HOUfc. '

Another Amendment was Bill, Pina. L. zo, Jtb kav« ode

order to bring in other Amendments on behalf of thfc Nine Inrolipent Clerks.,

A Ad thfe ’Question being but. That the Word fwotn’ ’ ftiWd Pirt of the Bill;

It Was resolved in thfe Affirmative.

Abothfet Aibeb'dibebt was proposfed Vo be made to the Bill, to leave Out the Word "Clerk," in oTdettO make

- I § a ‘r a 1 . 1 a

Pr. 1. L.* to leave out therein," and itiffetf u hferein

Pr. a. L. to leave out ,v June,*, and insert March." And at the End of the Bill, after " Laws4* tb insert " Statute."

And the same 'Werfe, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the H6ufe; And the Bijl proposed to be made td thfe Amended at the Table accordingly.

Alt the Word fworrt," in Resolved,

That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for continuing the former Acts for fire Encouragement‘of Coinage; and to encourage the bringing foreign Coins, and British or foreign Plate, to be coined; and for making Provision ior the Mints in Siotland; and for the prosecutifig Offences concerning the Coin in England.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the

Iti*

Sik

it "Clerks," that the bther Inrolment Clerk might be Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto, concerned also.

And the Question being put, That the Wcffd u'Clerk"

Rand Part off lit Bill;

1 he House divrdtd:

The Noes go forth:

An ingrafted Bill for nominating and impowering Fort;fying ConVmiftionets, to make Surveys of the Lands and Tcne- poumwuib. ments, which are proper to be purchased, for the better &c.H»rbouii, fortifying And ficutibg thfe Harbours of

18 Chatham,

s

;r^i

8 Ann.

Enabling Inf.tnU to m*ke Con* teyances.

Railing the Milum*

Kettles*

Etiutt*

tjTi

18° ApriliSk

20

Chatham and fj.tn.tuh, and to atccrtain the Value of the fame, was read the Third time.

RefoIveJ, That the Billtlopafs; and that the Title be. An Act- to nominate and impower Cor.imissioners, to treat and agree for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall be judged proper to be purchased. for the batter fortifying Portsmouth, , and Harwich.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Travers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by tire Lords to the bill, intituled, An Act to enable Infants, who are feiled of Estates in

And the said Amendments weferead, and are as follow > viz.

Clause At L. j, instead of " said First Day of " insert " Deceasc of the Pertbn, who pretended to be " Prince of Wales, during the Life of the late King " James, and Cnee pretends to be King of Great tain."

Clause B, a L. after " that " insert " from and after " the Deceasc of the Person, who pretended to bfc Prince of Wales, during the Life of the late King , and

" since pretends to be King of Great Britain."

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

Fee, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Con- put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said

vcyances of such Estates.

And the fame, being once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follow j viz.

In the Title, I L. after seised" read "or possessed." I Sk. 6 L. For "Mortgage" read " Mortgager.’.’

16 L. After "Chancery" read "or the Court " of Exchequer."

19 L. After fcised’’ read " or possessed."

20 L. After " Mortgagee or Mortgagees" read " or Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or " Infants."

23 L. After " seised" read " or possessed."

27 L. After "Chancery" read "or the Court " of Exchequer."

Ordered, That Mr. Nicoll do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Amendment, to leave out " said First Day of July,' The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the No«|colo^f C,/.- }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be now adj turned;

The House divided: The Yeas go forth: /

Tellers for { Lord Archibald , 1 1AI

the Yeas, if Mr. Sharp: l4*

Tellers for (Lord Marquis of Wimhtfler,) »56.

the Noes.) Mr. Bofcazven:

So it passed in the Negative. Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the

fair) Amendment, made by the Lords; after " Britain" at the End, to add these Words, " at the Encj of " the Term of Three Years, after the immediateSuccdfion " to the Crown, upon the Demise of her present Majesty, " Hull take Eifeft, as the same is and stands limited by " an Act, niade in the First \ear of the Reign of their to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and " late Majesties King William and Queen Mary (intituled* afterwardsdelivered them in at the Clerk’s'Fable; whcie " An Act for declanng the Rights and Liberties of the

Sir Jf'n.Hujl.’er reported from the Committee of the

whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1709, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him

they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, up^n the Qucllion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Eili, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity cf Redemption of the Manor of Bnckvodl, in the County of in Trulleis, to be

fold, pursuant to the Will cf Charlotta Nettles, deceased, and a Decree in Chancery, was read the Third time.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Annefly do carry the Bill to the

" Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown) and " by one other Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty King the Third,

" intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the " Crown, an.i better securing the Rights and Liberties of " the Subied."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do.agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

The ad Amendment, made by the Lords, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto.

Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed addi at the End thereof these Words, " at the End

Altering Ext hcijiier ’linns in Scotland.

Frauds in Stamp Dutie*.

to the lame, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for altering I Chi:fund ay and Lammas Terms, for the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, was read the First time.

Refvlved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for redrefting, and preventing, several Frauds and Praftu.es, relating to her Majesty s Duties upon statr.pt Vellum, Parchment, and , Ubcrties of ,h’e Sufe- a,

Pans*i\ nrui r^cm Inline* the tileries. and Attorney^. nr the J

" of the Term of Three Tears, after the immediate Suo " ceftion to the Crown, upon the Demise of her present Majesty, shall take Effect, as the same is and stands " limited by an Act, made in the Fitft Year of the Reign " of their late Majestics King William and Queen Mary " (intituled, An Act for declaring the Rights and Liberties " of the Subject, and settling the SuccelTioti of the " Crown) and by one other Act, made in the Twelfth 4i Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the " Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation " of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and

Improving the Union.

Trials for Tic&fon.

Paper, and regulating the Clerks, and Attorneys, of the Courts of Queen’s Bench and Common Pleas at Westminster, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do Carry the Bill to the

Amendments, made by the Lords to the Amendments, Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed made by this House to the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, unto the said Amendments with feme Amendments; to intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the Two which they desire their Lordships Concurrence. Kingdoms.

Vo t. 16.

Thomas

io6

18" — i(j° — 20°

A.

1709.

UUbom Port Thomas Medlycott, Esquire, befog elected a Citizen for Writ. the City o( Westminster; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Milborn Port, in the County of Somerset; made his Election to serve for the City of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Milborn in the room of the said Thomas 'Medlycott, Esquire.

lliddlesex Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Register. intituled, An Act for the publick registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and other Incumbrances, which shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Middlesex, after the Twenty-ninth Day of,

One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Sufferer* at Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning

he»is and (after the reading the said Bill) resolve itself into a Cqm-St. Chritto- fj.it tee of the wholc House, toconsider of Ways and Means for railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, to enable the Inhabitants of Nevis and St. Christophers to resettle there.

phew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 190 die Aprilis \

Anno 8° Anna Reginse, 1709.

Prayers.

A M ESS AGE from the Lords, by Sir jl\. and Mr. Fellowes:

Mr. Speaker,

Bank of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

England for enlarging the capital Stock of the Bank of t Stock, &c. an(j for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, without any Amendment:

Counterfeit- Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ing Coin, See.Act for making perpetual an Act for the better pre-Aenting the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, as also an Act for giving like Remedy upon promisl'ory Notes, as is used upon Bills of Exchange} and for the belter Payment of inland Bills of Exchange; and also for continuing several Acts, made in the fourth and fifth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts; with an Amendment; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Altering An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Exchequer for altering Whitsunday and Lammas Terms, for the lerius io Court of Exchequer in Scotland, was read a Second time,

cot an . Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Wm. Hujller, Lord Conningsby, Mr. Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Bromley, Mr. , Lord Caven-

dish, Sir Tho. Travell, Mr. Barker, Mr. Mr.

Henley, Mr. Traverse, Sir Cha. Turner, Colonel,

Mr. Page, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr. (Vyndham, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Dunch, Colonel Sir John Mordaunt,

Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Harley, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. Yates, Mr. Ward, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Coxe, Mr. Onslow, and all for North Britain, and all of the Long Robe: And they are to meet at Eight a Clock Tomorrow Morning, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Raising the An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia for the Year Militia. 1709, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were severallyproposed to be made to the Bill:

Pr. 1. L. 15. to leave out "Two," and insert "Three:"

Pr. 1. L. last, after "draw" to insert "out."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Hcfufe; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Sir William Hujller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act MkMWfe* for the publick registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and Register. Wills, and other Incumbrances, which shall be made of, or that may affect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Nine, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That, in case of Concealment of any Will, or Devise, any Purchaser shall not be disturbed, or defeated, unless the same be actually registered within Five Years after the Death of the Devisor, or Testatrix.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, that their being Two sworn Clerks, and but one named to be Register for the Office, intended to be erected, that, after the Charges, incident to the Execution of the said Office, shall be borne, the clear Profits, arising by registering Memorials, shall be divided between them.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,^; } 34-

Tellers for the }

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That no Member of Parliament shall be capable of being P_egifter, or any Register be capable of being chosen a Member, to serve in Parliament.

And the same was read Three times, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Barker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2o° die Aprilis;

Anno 8* Annse Regime, 1709.

Prayers.

MR. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom Altering the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Exchequer Act for altering Whitsunday and Lammas Terms, for the Tern,s in Court of Exchequer in Scotland, was committed, that ®cot^an"' they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’sTable; where the same werconce read throughout.

52*

isnwi a Ik

J

m

[tdofl

Vic

Iv»'«

u

IfiL

vdtit

On

8 Ann.

20* Apr His.

out, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

L. 6. Leave out " Whitsunday," and, instead thereof, insert " Whitf untide "

L. 14. The same Amendment.

L. 28. The same Amendment.

In the Title of the Bill, leave out " Whitsunday," and < inlert " Whitsuntide

Then the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do 'H pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Farm do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, thar this House hath agreed I to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they

desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

Improving t foe Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by >JUI0P‘ lbs House to their Lord Hups Amendments, made to the Trial* for Bill, intituled, An Act for the improving of the Union Treafoo. of the Two Kingdoms:

JdMlefexAnd their Lordships have also agreed to the Amend-! ments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for the publick registering of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and other Incumbrances, which shall be made or that may ailed, any Honours, Manors, Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Countyol after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Nine.

I And then the Messengers withdrew.

1 Thirk Ordered \That Mr^ Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Wnt. tjjC Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for 1 theeleding a Burgcls to lerve in this present Parliament

for the Borough of Tkirjk. in the County of in the room of Sir Godfrey Copley, Baronet, deceased.

Counterfeit- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the i^Coin, &c. Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for making perpetual an Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, as also an Act for giving like Remedy upon promissory Notes, as isufed upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of inland Bills of Exchange, and also for continuing several Ad% made in the Fourth and Fifth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts.

I And the same being read, is as follows; viz.

' At the End of the Bill, add the Clause, marked A.

Clause A. " And be it further enacted by the Autho-i rity aforesaid, that every Parson, that hath become

" Bankrupt before the 24th of June, 1706, against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy hath been at any Time awarded, and who hath been examined before the major " Part of the Commissioners, in such Commission named,

upon Oath, and did make a full and true Discovery of his £Rate and Effects, and delivered up the same for the Use of his Creditors, and have done all things required of Bankrupts in such same by the said recited Acts, shall be deemed, and is hereby declared, to be " within the Relief and Benefit of the said Acts; and " such Certificates, as have in due Form been-made or * granted to such Person or Persons, or shall or may be so granted to him or them, shall be effectual to all the Intents and Purposes of the said Acts; and such Per- fbn or Persons shall be liable to the Forfeitures and Penalties, to which other Bankrupts are liable by the said " Aits 1 and such Persons, whole Certificates are or shall " be confirmed, as aforesaid, shall not be detained in Custody or Prison, on account of any Debt or Demand " whatsoever, arising from any Debt owing by them before the Date of such Commission; any Law, Usage,

" or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding."

The laid Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Questipp Beipg

Vol. 16.

put. That the House do agree with their Lordships, in the said Amendment.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered \That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Realons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendment.

And it is referred to Mr. Topham. Mr. Mr.

Dolbrn, Mr. Pape, Mr. F.rrer, Sir John Bennett, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Hysham, Mr.

Swinfen, Mr. Poullney, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Scobell, Sir Francis Alasham, Mr. Wort let, Mr. Moor,

Mr. Annejley, Mr. Palmes, Sir Strickland, Vlr. Dun-combe, Sir Charles Turner, Sir John Hawks, Mr Vernon,

Mr. Parker, Mr. Prise, Mr. And they are to withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber, and draw up the Reasons.

Then the House proceeded to take Into Confi leration MifcM»f* by the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Lr«. tituled, An Act for the better preventing of Mischiefs, that may happen by Fire.

And the fame, being read, are as follows; viz.

7 Skin, L. 7. After Trade " insert " and except the " Still and Furnace, built by Daniel at his

" House at Holbcrne Bridge, for the DiRilJation of Oil " of Turpentine."

At the end of the Bill add Clauses A, and B.

A. "And whereas frequent and great Damage happen!

" to Houses by Fire, as likewise conRant Decay and Ruin,

" by setting Brick-work upon Timber; be it enatftd by " the Authority aforesaid, that, from and after the FirR " Day of June, 1709, no Brick or Stone Wo;k in the " Fronts, Party or Partition Walls, of any House, Tenement, or other Building whatsoever, which shall be " ereifted upon any new or old Foundation, within the " Cities of London and Westminster, or their Liberties,

" shall be supported, depend, or any otherwise bear, upon " any Sort of Timber, or Wood-work (excepting upon " Piles and Planks where they are absolutely necessary " for Foundations in marlhy and unfound Ground, and " excepting likewise all Houses upon London Bridge, and " on the River of Thames below Bridge) upon Pam that " every Person, so offending, shall, lor every such Of-

" fence, suffer Imprisonment for Three Months, without " Bail or Mainprize."

B. "And whereas, since Frames of Wood have been ip " Use for Doors and Windows, it has been the common " Pnidice of Workmen, to set them very near, and often " quite ranging with, the outside Face of the Wall, by " which Means (being under no Shelter from the Wear " ther) they soon rot and perish, occasioning great Cost " and Expence in perpetual Repairs; for Prevention of " such evil and unskilful Practice for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that, from and after " the said FirR Day of June, 1709, no Door-frame, or .* Window-frame, of Wood, to be used in any House,

" or Building, which shall be erected upon old or new " Foundations, within the aforesaid Cities of London " and Westminster, or their Liberties (except Houses on " London Bridge, and on the River of Thames below " Bridge) shall be set nearer to the outside Face of the " Wall, than Four Inches."

The FirR Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made,.and the Question bein£ pdt, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, j j 43

TeHer. for the Noes,

So is was resolved in the Affirmative.

GJause.A, being: thrice read -,

And a Motion being made, and the QueRjon'being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.;

The

Answer to Addrest*

Fortifying

Portsmouth,

Ac.Harbour*.

Altering Exchequer Terms in Scotland*

Afl of Gract*

Supply Bill; Impositions on Wines^fcc*

aO° — 21

The House divided:

The Teas go forth:

TcnOTfor.h, YCa3^;^"- ] <3-

Tellers for the Noes,} 5<-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Claofe B> being thrice read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment}

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas f Sir Awhr?’

1 euers for me 1 cas, M

*Mr. Strickland:

Tdlcrr for.be N*

77-

60.

’c Mr. Stuart:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be graciously pleased to take the Losses, which have been, and will for the future be annually, to the Clerk, Serjeant at Arms, Clerk-assistant, and other Clerks, Officers, and Servants, attending this House (by reason of the passing the Bill for a general Naturalization, this Session, and in respect to the late Orders, made concerning the passing of private Bills, through this House, and otherwise) into her Consideration, and to give them such JRecompence and Encouragement, with respect to their several Trusts, as (he, in her royal Wisdom, should think fit; her Majesty had been pleased to say, That (he would take the said Losses into her Consideration, and give such Recompence and Encouragement, as (he should think proper.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners, to treat and agree for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall be judged proper to be purchased, for the better fortifying mouth, Chatham, and Harwich, without Amendment:

And their Lordships have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms, for the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Holt and Mr. Baron Lovell:

That the Queen’s most excellent Majesty hath been pleased to send to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Queen’s most gracious, general, and free, Pardon; which their Lord ships had humbly accepted, and passed; and to which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the Bill was read by the Clerk; and the same being signed by the Queen, the House fat bare all the while the Bill was reading.

The same was but once read; and the Title thereof only afterwards read by Mr. Speaket (without his opening the Bill) to the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr .'Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

A prill s. 1709.

for continuing several Impositions, and Duties, to raise Money by way of Loan; and for exporting British Copper and Brass Wire, Duty-free; and for circulating a further Sum in Exchequer Bills, in case a new Contraft be made in that behalf; and concerning the Oaths to be administered, in relation to Italian thrown Silks; and touching Oil, and Plantations, Goodsof Foreigners, taken, or to be taken, as Prize; and concerning Drugs of America, to be imported from her Majesty’s Plantations; and for appropriating the Moneys, given in this Session of Parliament; and for making out Debentures for Two Transport Ships, in this Act named; and to allow a further Time for registering certain Debentures; and for Relief of Persons, who have loft such Tickets, Exchequer Bills, Debentures, Tallies, or Orders, as in this Act are mentioned; without Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Encouraging An Act for continuing the former Acts for the Encourage- Coinage,

ment of the Coinage; and to encourage the bunging foreign Coins, and British or foreign Plate, to be coined; and for making Provision for the Mint in Scotland; and for the prosecuting Offences, concerning the Coin in England; without Amendment;

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Railing tli« An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Mlliiin. Seven hundred and Nine, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Peyton reported from the Committee, to whom it Counterfeit* was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Con- i»gCoin, Ae. ference with the Lords for disagreeingto the Amendment, Amendment*, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, and also an Act for giving like Remedy upon promi(Tory Notes, as is used upon Bills of Exchange, and for tire better Payment of inland Bills of Exchange; and also for continuing several Acts, made in the Fourth and Fifth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts; the Reasons, which the Committee have drawn up, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were twice read throughout, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreecUtmto by the House; and areas follow; viz.

The Commons cannot agree to the Clause, marked A, made by your Lordships to the said Bill;

ift, Because the Amendment makes a new Law, which has a Retrospect, without Limitation of Time.

2dly, Because the said Amendment repeals a Clause in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign '(intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts) whereby several Persons are excluded from the Benefit of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Peyton do go to the Lords, and Conference desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Amendments to the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 21° die A

Anno 8* Annse Reginse, 1709.

Prayers.

MR. Peyton reported, that he having (according to Conference Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference with upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, and alto an Act for gving like Remedyupon promiff >ry Notes as is used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of inland Bills

GtSUlKI

IfirfCOH

ntkM

A

’"Ci d on

Sell*:

58 br

fe,8(

t

j 8 AnM. a i0 Aprllis. —

of Exchange; and also for continuing several Acts, made ;'e in the Fourth and Fifth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for

preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts the Lords

1 agree to a Conference, and appoint the same to be pre-

2 (ently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew up the Rea*

fons, to be offered to the Lords at the Conference, do manage the said Conference.

‘ And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

1 Mr. Peyton reported the Conference; and that they

1 had given the Lords the Reaions, for disagreeing to the said Amendment; and left the Bill, and Amendment, with the Lords.

OftoaMitial The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Petition of Walter Stewart and land. William Murray, Merchants.

CH. And the same was again read.

IRe/o/ved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Directions to her Attorney General to enter a prqfequi, for discharging

an Information, exhibited in the Court of Exchequer, in k relation to thirty-nine Pieces of Alamodes and Luftrings,

K j imported into Scotland before the First Day of May, 1707,

: a and since that Time imported into England by Walter

Stewart and William Murray, Merchants, so that the said Silks may be delivered to them.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such -Members of the House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Meller:

'"c' Mr. Speaker,

Lord* do act We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this imiit on House. that they do not insist on their Amendment made Aw.udment to the gjj^ An Act for making perpetual an

15° Novembris. 209

Act for the better preventing the wuntttfeifing the euf-nent Coin of this Kingdom, as also an Act for giving like Remedy upon promi(Tory Notes, as is uled upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange; and also for continuing several ACb, made in the Fourth and Fifth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts. And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Two a Clock in the Afternoon.

1 Poji Mtriditm♦

HE House being meti

A Message was brought by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorised by virtue of her Majesty’s Royal Assent Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this *» honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for impowering the Lord Archbishop of , the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills, which had passed both Houses.

And they gave the Royal Assent accordingly.

And afterwards a Speech of the Lords Commissioners was delivered to both Houses by the Lord Chancellor.

After which the Lord Chancellor said, It was her Ma- parliament jesty’s royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued, prorogued to Thursday, the N ineteenth Day of May next; and this Parliament is prorogued accordingly to the Nineteenth of May next.

By the Queen:

A PROCLAMATION.

ANNEtR.

Proclama- Wf E, being desirous, that the Members of both tion for v f Houses of Parliament may have convenient No-Jleeting of tice of the Time, when their Attendance in Parliament a lament, reqUjfltCj },avCj with Advice of our Privy Coun-

cil, thought (it to issue this our royal Proclamation $ hereby declaring our Pleasure, that our Parliament, which now (lands prorogued to Thursday, the Sixth Day of October instant, shall be further prorogued to Tuesday, the Fifteenth Day of November next ensuing the Date hereof: And our Purpose being, that our said Houses shall not only meet on the said Fifteenth Day of November, but shall then (it, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; we do hereby charge all the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, to give their Attendance at , on

the said Fifteenth Day of November, accordingly.

Given at our Court at , this Third Day of

October, 1709, in the Eighth Year of our Reign.

God (ave the Queen.

Martis, 15* Novembris;

Anno 8* Anns Regime, 1709.

Messageto A MESSAGE from her Majesty by Mr. De-attend the jfj- puty Gentleman U(her of the Black Rod:

Queen. Vox. 16.

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to -attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Several Members present took the Oaths, and made Member* and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed take Oath*, the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Then a Bill for restraining the building upon new Rest raining Foundations, in the Cities of London and Building*,

was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty was pleased to The Queen'* make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parlia* Speech ment, confiding of many weighty Matters; and that report* he had desired, and obtained, the Favour of a Copy thereof, left, through the Defects of his Memory, he should either omit, or mif-recite, any Part: Which he reported to the House, and is as follows; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

IT is a great Satisfaction to me, that I am able to give you so good an Account of the Progress of the War since the last Session of Parliament.

In the Beginning of this Year our Enemies made use of all their Artifices, toamufe us with false Appearances, and: deceitful Insinuations, of their Desire of Peace, in hopes, that from thence Means might be found to create feme Pivifio'nS, Or Jealousics, among the Allies; but they were intirely disappointed in their Expectation, and such Meafores Were taken upon that Occasion, as made it N impossible for them long to disguise their Insincerity. The

3 G Operations

Address on the Queen’s Speech.

Operations of the War were not delayed; and the Campaign, which, notwithstanding the Backward nets of the Sealon, immediately followed, has been at lead as glorious for the Allies, as any of those, which have preceded it.

God Almighty has been pleased to bless us with a most remarkable Victory, and with such other great and important Successes, both before and after it, that France is thereby become much more exposed and open to the impression of our Arms, and consequently more in need of a Peace, than it was at the Beginning of this Campaign.

However, the War dill continuing, I find myself obliged again to desire you. Gentlemen of the House of Commons, to grant me such Supplies, as you shall judge necessary, for the assisting our Allies in all Parts, and the vigorous Prosecution of our Advantages; that we may put the lad Hand to this great Work of reducing that exorbitant and oppressive Power, which has so long threatened the Liberties of Europe.

I allure you, that all you give, shall be carefully applied to the Uses of the War, if it continues, or to the lessening of the Debts, it has necessarily occasioned, in case of a Peace; which though the many Wants and Dif-tresses of our Enemies may naturally lead us to expect, yet, our own late Experience may fully convince us, is not to be depended upon any other way, than by being in a Condition to compel them to such Terms, as may be safe and honourable for all the Allies.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

1 think it proper to take notice to you, that the great Dearth and Scarcity, under which our Neighbours abroad have differed this Year, begins to affect us, in some Measure, at home, by the Temptation of Profit in carrying out too much of our Corn, while it bears so high a Price in foreign Parts.

This occasions many Complaints from the Poor; for whose Sake I earnedly recommend to you to take this growing Evil into your Consideration, having not neglected any thing on my Part, towards the remedying of it, that the Law would allow.

I cannot conclude, without observing to you, of what great Advantage it will be at this Time to the End we all propose to ourfelve?, that the greatest Dispatch be given to the necessary Preparations for carrying on the War.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad-drels be presented to her Majesty, expressing the Thanks' of this House for her most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to congratulate her Majesty upon the continued Successes of the last Campaign, particularly the remarkable Victory, obtained over the near

Mons, by the Troops of her Majesty, and those of her Allies, under the Command of the Duke of Marlborough; and to assure her Majesty, that this House will enable her Majesty, by speedy and effectual Supplies, to carry on the War in such a Manner, as shall (by the Blelling of God) oblige the common Enemy no longer to depend upon Artifices to obtain a Peace, but to accept such Terms, as shall be a lading Security to her Majesty, and her Allies.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Lord Coningsby, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Serjeant Weld. Lord IVm. Powlett, Mr. V, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Pagett, Sir Tho. ’, Mr.

Mr. Naylor, General Erie, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Fielding, Mr. Cowper, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Poulteney, Mr. Mason,

Mr. Hunch, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Palmes: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered That her Majesty’s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

flefolved, Nemine contradicente. That the late Victory, Duke of obtained by his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, and the Marlborough other great and important Successes of the lad Campaign, 1 ked‘ are so remarkable, that this House thinks itself obliged to express, how sensible they are of the Honour, and Advantages, which this Kingdom, and the whole Confederacy, have Received by his eminent Services; and that Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr.

Cretggs, Mr. Letchmere, Mr. Compton, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Walpole, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Dolben, Sir Charles Hedges,

Sir Charles Cox, Lord Lumley, do give his Grace the Thanks of this House, and congratulate his Grace’s Safety, and Return to Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, the QueenV at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration her Majesty’s ^pe?jh most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament. con 1 ert"

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Gran(j lit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. Committees.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections Committee be appointed, of Mr. Compton, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Secre- of Privileges, tary Boyle, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Coatsworth}

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Bertie, Sir Tho.

Frankland, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Poulteney, Sir Edward Lawrence, Sir Edmund Denton, Mr. Mr.

Serjeant Birch, Sir Fran. Mafharn, Mr. Jessop, Mr.

Guidott, Mr. Churchill, Lord Fitzharding, Sir John Jennings, Mr. D'Ath, Mr. Hampden, M/. Peyton, Mr.

Mason, Sir Lambert Blackwell, Sir Rich. Farrington, Sir John Bennet, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ward, Mr. Page, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. Plumptree, Lord Lumley, Mr.

Ball, Mr. Smelt, Sir Robert Marsham, Sir Gilbert Elliott,

Lord Windsor, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Laugharne, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Steuart, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm. -rester, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Moun, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Diflon, Mr. Pagett, Sir Henry.

Furness, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Mainwaring, Sir Wm. Ashhurst,

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Calthorpe, Sir Tho. Meres, Colonel Grant, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Coward, Sir Peter King,

Mr. Nevill, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Cock burn, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Mountgomery, Sir James Long, Mr. Robarts, Mr. Vaughan: And they are to meet upon Monday next, at five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to (it every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices; And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons, that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Resolved,

igOi

' Cork .'Jot.

h

1

Hr

a

8 Ann.

i 50 Novembris.

m

> *"/

>!..

'Lcitt'

Usual Orders. Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right

to give his Vote in the Election of any Member, to serve in Parliament.

Resolved , That, where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous, and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Parliament for the County of Northumberland, in the room of the Right honourable the Earl of who, since he was chosen for the said County, hath been made a Colonel in her Majesty’s Army.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Hadinetoiv to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for &c. Writ.

the electing a Commissioner to serve in this present

_ . , Parliament for the Dirtrift of in the Shire of

Resolved, That, in case it shall appear, any Person hath in the room of Sir who,

procured ^mself to be elected, or returned, as a Member f]ncc he was elected a Commissioner for the said District, of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or bath made the Queen>s Advocate.

Tbf

oar,:*

any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath been tampering with any Witnesses, in respect of their Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly, or indirectly, endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Brecon Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Brecon, in the County of , in the

room of Sir Jeffrey Jeffry es, Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wendover the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wriu

and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity electing a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament far

against such Offenders.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offenders.

the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Thomas Ellis, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oakehampton

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for

V of P*- or an, £ Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themfdve-. 111

Writ.

the Elections of Members, to lerve for the Commons in Parliament, the same is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain.

Ordered.’That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this

Dr. Clarke to preach on 22d Nov.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the New Malton

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ.

electing a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New , in the County of York, in

U c , r , . n.r the room of William Strickland, Esquire, who, since his

House. do from I,me to tin* take into his Custody any bci a Bu fs for ,hc Bjl^ugh/ bas bKn

Stranger or Simngees, that he shall see. or be mfirmed tj,,ed b b, Majesty one of the Commissionera for

of to be, n the House, or Gallery, while the House, &veBJ in

or any Committee of the whole House, is lifting.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Bridgwater Ordered, That Doctor Clarke be desired to preach Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, before this House at St. Margaret's, Weffminffer, upon this electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Day Seven-night, the Day appointed by her Majesty’s the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, royal Proclamation for a publick Thank (giving; and in the room of George Doddington, Esquire, who, since that the Lord William PowLtt, Sir Joseph Jekyll, and Sir his being elected a Burgess for the said Borough, has been

Peter King, do acquaint him therewith.

Stafford Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, in the room of Walter Chttwynd, Esquire, who, since his being elected a Burgess for the said Borough, has been appointed by her Majesty to be Master of her Majesty’s Hart and Buck Hounds.

Plimmith Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnt* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the clefting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plimouth, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir George Bing, who, since his being elected a Burgess for the said Borough, has been appointed by her Majesty one of the Commissioners, for executing the appoint the printing thereof} and that no other Person Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain. do presume to print the fame.

appointed by her Majesty one of the Commissioners, for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great B> itain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dorebefter the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "nt* the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, in the room of John Churchill, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Edinburgh the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, in the room of Sir Samuel Maclellan, Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House he printed, printing the being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do Vote*.

Gloucester

Writ

Yarmouth

Writ

Northumberland Writ

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Gloucester, in the room of William Cooke, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of the honourable Roger Townshend, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present

Vol. 16.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester, in the room of Sir John Leake,

Knight, who, since his- being elected a Citizen for the said City, has been appointed by her Majesty one of the Commissioners, for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Elediw receive Petitions touching controverted Elections. Petition*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

212

r6* Novembris.

A. 1709,

Sftriwfbary

Election.

Mercurii, 16® die Novembris;

Anno 8# Annae Reginae, 1709, Prayers.

PETITION of Sir Edward , Baronet,

returned; but Mr. Loyd procured himself to be returned, by Treating, and other undue Practices, after the 7 or the Writ, in Breach of the Laws touching Election*, and in Wrong to the Petitioners, and the said Borough: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

returned: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House, shall think just.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Leftwithiell

Election.

Wallingford

Election.

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

that the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess, to lerve in __________ __________

this present Parliament for the Borough of Shrew/bvy, the fame,wYth their Opinion therein, to the House. and ought to have been returned; but by Bribery, and ill Practices, of John Kinafion, and Richard Mitton, Esquire, A Petition of the honourable George RJfe, Esquire, Bofle County

the other Candidates, and their Agents, and of iVm, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Ele®">n-Smith, Esquire, the then Mayor, the said Mr. Kinajton the Petitioner, and Hugh junior, Esquire, Hood

and Mr. Mitt on procured themselves wrongfully to be Candidates, to lerve in this Parliament for the Shire of

Rojfe, in Scotland: That Hugh Rojfe, senior, Father of the said Hugh ,junior, being then Sheriff, deferred the Election till near the Return of the Writ, that thereby his Son, and others in his Interest, might qualify them-and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report felVes to vote; and appointed the Election at Fort Rojfe, the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. which, by Custom, ought to have been at Tone-, and

admitted several to vote for his Son, who had no Right,

A Petition of Francis Robartes, and Russell Robartes, against whom the Petitioner gave his Exceptions in Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; letting writing; and by other indirect P raft ices the Numbers of forth, that at the late Election of Leftwithiell, the Peti- Votes for the Petitioner, and the said Hugh junior, tioners were duly chosen Representatives in Parliament; were equal, though the Petitioner had the Majority of yet Alexander Johns, the Mayor, contrary to his Duty, Jegal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the hath returned James Kendall, and Joseph Addijon, Sheriff refilled so to do; And praying the Consideration,

Esquires: And Submitting their same to the Justice of of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein, the House. _ And a Debate arising in the House upon the said

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Petition; be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until Monday and that th, ey do examine the Matter thereof, and report Morning next, the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Esquire, was presented to Cardigan

A Petition of Edward Leigh, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election County the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner of a Knight, to lerve in this present Parliament for the Elea, on-was duly elected a Burgess, to' serve in this Parliament County of Cardigan, the Petitioner, and Leivis Price, for Wallingford, in the County of Berks, in the room of Esquire, flood Candidates: That by Menaces, and other Wm. Jennmgs, Esquire, deceased, and was returned by undue Practices, several were prevailed upon to vote for the rightful Mayor, by Indehture, signed by him, and Mr. Price, and others admitted to Poll, that had no divers of the Electors, to whom the Return belonged; Right, and others, that had not taken the Abjuration but Mr. Richard Bloc kail, an Attorney at Law, got Oath, though thereunto required; and Nathan Griffith,

Esquire, the High Sheriff, was otherwise partial for Mr.

Price, by refilling to take divers legal Votes for the Petitioner, and declaring Mr. Price duly elected, without examining the Poll, and denying a Scrutiny, though desired; by . which means, the Sheriff pretended, Mr.

Price had iome small Majority upon the Poll, and hath returned him, although the Petitioner was duly chosen:

into Possession of the said Office, and, contrary to the Charter of the said Borough, took upon him to return 7 'ho. Renda, Esquire; who, by divers ill Practices, is become the fitting Member, in Violation of the said Charter, and the Petitioner’s Right: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

Aldborough

Election.

referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And praying Relief in the Premises. and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. be referred to the Committee of Privileges-and Elections;

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report A Petition of Michael Hide, and Wm. Shepard, Esquires, the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

that the Petitioners were duly chosen Burgesses, for this A Petition of the chief Magistrates, and Assistants, of Leftwithiel Parliament, for Aldeborough, in Suffolk: That Sir Henry the Borough of Lejlwithiel, was presented to the House. Election. Johnson, and Wm.Johnson, by Threats, and other illegal and read; setting forth, that the Right of electing Par-Practices, did deter Persons from voting for the Peti- liament-men for the said Borough, is in the Mayor, Six tioners; and Wm. Robinson, one of the Bailiffs, admitted chief Magistrates, and Seventeen Assistants, in the whole several to poll against the Petitioners, who were not 04 Voices: That one of the chief Magistrates died before qualified; and hath returned Sir Henry Johnson, and the late Election, so that there remained but 23 Electors;

Mr.Johnson, to the Petitioners Prejudice: And praying who voted,

Shoreham

Election.

the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of ’Thomas Edwards and Michael Diart Inhabitants of the Borough of New. Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; . setting forth, that at the late Election of Members, to serve

For Francis Robartes, Esquire - - - 20;

For Russell Robartes, Esquire ---17;

For James Kendall, Esquire - - - - £;

For Joseph Addijon, Esquire - - - 4:

Nevertheless, Alexander Johns, the Mayor, hath returned Mr. Kendall, and Mr- Addijon, in Violation of the Rights of the said Borough, and the Petitioners: And praying the J'ustice of the House in the Premises.

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; in this Parliament for the said Borough, Anthony Hamond, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report Nathaniel Gould, Richard Loyd, and Edward Stringer, the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the Hcrufe. flood Candidates; and Mr. Hamond, and Mr Loyd were

4i

9 Ani*. i 6* — 17*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do examine, whether the Petitions, to them referred, be the fame, and signed by the same Parties, as those, presented the last Session of Parliament.

Addnf* on Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the

the Queen’t Committee, appointed to draw up an Address, upon the p#<ch* Besolution of Yesterday, and upon the Debate of the House; that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was twice read, and is as followeth;

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great , in Parliament alfem-

bied, beg Leave to return our most humble Thanks to your Majesty for your most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to congratulate your Majesty upon the continued Successes of the lad Campaign, particularly the Victory obtained near Moms by the Troops of your Majesty, and those of your Allies, under the Command of the Duke of Marlborough.

A Victory so remarkable in all its Circumstances, as mud convince your Enemies, that the Courage and Resolution of your Troops, conducted by so great a General, are superior to the greatest Difficulties.

And your Majesty may be allured, that, since the publick Credit has been so well supported, since your Councils have been so deady, and your Allies so firm, that no French Artifices could create Jealousies or Divisions amongd them; and, since your Arms have been so powerful, that no Entrenchments or Fortifications could withdand them; we, your faithful Commons, under such Encouragements, in Duty to your Majesty, and those we represent, will, by speedy and effectual Supplies, enable your Majesty to dispatch the necessary Preparations for carrying on the War in such a Manner, asthall, by the Blessing of God, oblige the common Enemy to accept a Peace upon such Terms, as shall be a Jading Security to your Majesty, and your Allies.

Resolved, FI mint contract, That this House doth

agree with the Committee, in the said Address, to be presented to her Majesty.

Re/o/ved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House

Ordered, That such Members of the House, as are of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when lhe will be attended by this House.

Camelford A Petition of Henry M, Esquire, was presented

EleAioo. to the House, and readj; letting forth, that on the 17th of May, 1708, Richard Munden, Esquire, the Petitioner, and John Manley, Esquire, flood Candidates, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Camelford, in Cornwall, where Mr Manley, and his Agents, uled illegal Practices to obtain Votes; whereby he got himself returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was duly elected: And praying the House to put the Matter upon Examination, and give such Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Cirencelter A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough

Election. of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, on the Behalf of themselves, and others of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Eledion of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, Thomas Onslow, Charles Cox, and Allen Bathurst, Esquires, dood Candidates: That by the notorious Bribery, and other undue Practices, of Mr. Bathurst, and Mr. Cox, and their Agents, and also of Mr. Brereton, the Steward and returning Officer, for the said B rough, they procured themselves to be returned, Vot. 16.

Novembris. a 1-3

in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants of the said Borough: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Electons* and that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, with their Opinion therein to the House.

' The House (according to Order) proceeded to take SuPP*f* into Confederation her Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the feme was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to her Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That her Majesty's Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow at Twelve Exporting a Clock, take into Consideration that Part of her Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses, which relates to the Exportation of Com.

Ordered, That the Constables and other Officers, of Ufoal Middlesex and Westminster, do rake care, that, from Nine ^r<ler*

of the Clock in the Morning to Three in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, thcPaffa^e through the Streets between Ttmple Bar and Westminster Hall be kept free and open, and that no Obstruction be made by Cars,

Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care, there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, during the fitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be Cent the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in

Execution.

A Petition of Daniel Campbell, Esquire, was presented GMgow, Ac. to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the Boroughs of Glasgow, Renfrew, Dunbarton, and Rutberglen, Mr.

Robert Roagtr, and the Petitioner, were Candidates:

That the Petititionerwasdulychofen, notwithstandingMr.

Rodger used many indirect Practices;and although neither he, nor his Constituents, the Magistrates and Town-coun-cil of Glasgow, nor the Magistrates of Dunbarton, have

taken the Oaths, in the Terms of the Union Alt, yet Mr. Rodger hath procured himself to be returned, to the apparent Wrong of the Petitioner, and the said Boroughs.

And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elefbons; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis,170 die Novembris;

Anno 8* Anna Regina, 1709.

Praters.

A PETITION of the honourable William Ketr, Roxburgh Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; let-tingforth, that the Petitionerwas duly chosen a Knight, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire and ouSht to be returned; but the Sheriff of the said Shire admitted several Persons to poll for Sir Gilbert Elliot, who had no Sight to poll; by means whereof,

£ H and

and of other undue Practices, Sir Gilbert Elliot is returned, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Supply. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Exporting The House proceeded to take into Consideration that Corn. Part of her Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses, in relation to the Exportation of Corn.

And that Part of her Majesty’s Speech was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That-Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malr, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, until Michaelmas next; and that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Secretary Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Heysham, Lord Goningsby, Lord Powlett, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Richmond, Mr. , Mr.

Duncomb, Mr. Medlycott, and Major General Farrington, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Indraft ion to them, that they do allb make Provision in the Bill, for prohibiting the Exportation of low Wines, and Spirits drawn from malted Corn.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to order an Embargo to be forthwith laid upon all Ships laden with Corn, to be exported to foreign Parts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of the House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy and Navy, for the Year 1710, be laid before this House. Army Efti.

Resolved, That an Estimate of the Land Forces, for the Year 1710, be laid before this House. v Resolved, That an Estimate of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1710, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account of the particular Expences for the Ordinary of the Navy, on the several Heads thereof, for the last Year, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account of the present Debt of the Navy, upon the respective Heads thereof, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account of the Subsidies to her Majesty’s Allies, pursuant to the respective Treaties, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an Account of the present Debt of the Office of Ordnance be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that she will please to give Direction to the respective Offices, that the said Estimates, and Accounts, may be laid before.this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of Sir Philip Boteler, Baronet, was pre- Hvth fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election. Electkm of Barons, to serve in this Parliament, for the Town and Port of Hyth, in Kent, John Boteler, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were duly chosen; but Henry Deeds,

Esquire, then Mayor, hath returned the honourable John Fane with Mr. Boteler, in wrong to the Petitioner, and Violation of the Rights of the said Port: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon To- Call of the morrow Fortnight j and that such Members, as shall not House. then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Add

tip"!

ft’!

Queen ap- Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that her points to be Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by attended. this House Tomorrow, at Two a Clock in the Afternoon, at her Palace of St. James's,.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Attorney General (according to Order) presented Exporting to the House, a Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Com, Corn. Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, low Wines, and Spirits drawn from malted Corn; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Vmerit) 18° d Novembris;

Anno 8# Annas Regina*, 1709.

Prayers.

MR. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of a Motion, for a Supply to be granted tp her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Refbved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution,. That a Supply be granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 190 die Novembris; j

l

Anno 8° Ann* Regime, 1709,

Prayers.

MR. *6epretary Boyle reported to the House, that Answer to their Address of Yesterday, having been presented Addreli.

to her Majesty, That she would be pleased to give Directions to the several Offices, to lay before this House the Estimates, and Accounts therein mentioned; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions to the several Offices accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Boyle also reported to the House, that Ditto, their Address.had been presented to her Majesty, That

. she

j

1

9-

ft,

k K

Ar*u-

or

is

U(.;

L :;..t

; x i'Xl'.

8 Ann.

i 9° Novembris.

415

(he would be pleased to order an Embargo to be forthwith laid upon all Ships, laden with Corn, to be exported -to foreign Parts; and that her Majesty had been pleased Yesterday in Council to give Orders accordingly.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported, that he, with the House, did Address. Yesterday attend her Majesty with their Addrds; and that her Majesty was pleased to give a most gracious Answer; viz.

I Return you my hearty Thanks for your Address, and the A durances, you give me, of providing speedy and effectual Supplies, for carrying on the War; which, I persuade myself, will have a very good Effect, for the Advantage of the whole Confederacy.

Exporting

Corn.

A Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Com, MalL Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, low Wines, and Spirits drawn from malted Corn, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

I. — E STIMATE of the 40,000 Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Low Countries

with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1710.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Walpole presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty,

Estimate of the Forty thousand Men, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Loza Countries, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1710; and also,

Estimate of the Guards, Garisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, Gutm the Plantations, and for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1710; and also,

Estimate of the 20,000 Men, Troops of Augmentation, and of other additional Forces, since taken into the Service of her Majesty, and the States General, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1710; and also,

Account of her Majesty’s Proportion of Subsidie*, payable to the Allies, pursuant to the Treaties, for the Year 1710.

And the Titles of the said Estimatcs, and Account, were read.

And the said Eftirrjates, and Account, are as follow:

Numbers*

Horse

rLieutenant General s Regiment

1 Lieutenant General - \ Lieutenant General s

1 Lieutenant General -

I.Duke of Schonberg’s -

r, f Earl of Stair’s

Dragoons. JLk>utcnant Ro^%

Foot

- /

Royal Regiment

Duke of Argyles -

Lieutenant General Webb’s

Lord North and Grey's -

Marquis of Hertfor

Colonel God/rys

Lieutenant General s

Lord Mot daunt'% -

Brigadier Sabine's

Brigadier Primro/s

Colonel Prejlons -

Sir Rich. Temple's -

Lieutenant General

Lieutenant General Erie's

Brigadier Evans’s -

598

400

400

400

400

66a

662

1,876

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

938

867

2,198

( General Officers -

English - < Contingencies, upon Account

( Forage and Waggon-money, on Account

- 36,195

- 10,000

- 21,680

s. d. — 1

C Danes . 1 Prussians -

F.re.gwn. J.Htj;ans

[Hanover and

Total for the English

6,000

*.532

3A>8o

10,000

4>937

Charge per Annum.

£ 122,153 6 8

46,233 6 8

18,459

21,612

40,071

Bread Waggons for the 40,000 Men -

For Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, for the Foreigners, pursuant to the Treaties on Account -

£ s‘

20.000 — —

20.000 — —

R. Walpole.

158,5i4 5 to

426,900 19 2

67,875 — 10

494,776 -

116,282 15 — 43,018 18 6

53,685 -

171,329 10 —

879,092 3 6

40,000 — —

919,092 3 6

Array

Estimates*

Vox.. 16.

II — ESTIMATE

2i 6 19° Novembris.A. 1709.

II. — ESTIMATE of the Guards, Garisons, and Land Forces, in Great , strfey, Guernsey, the Plantations, and for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1710.

Horse:

First Troop of Guards Second Troop of Guards -Third Troop of Guards Fourth Troop of Guards First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Guards -

Dragoons:

The Queen’s Regiment

Earl of Essex's -

Colonel Carr’s - -

Lord Carmichalfs -

Lieutenant General

Foot:

First Regiment of Guards -Second Regiment of Guards Third Regiment of Guards -Brigadier Livefay's Regiment Brigadier Wightman'% -Lieutenant General Farrington's -Earl of Port more's -

For Sea Service.

"Colonel ChurchilFs -

Lord Mark Kerr's -Lieutenant General Mordaunt's \ Brigadier Handafyd's Lieutenant General Maitland's Colonel Jones's

Four Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas One Company at Newfoundland -Three Companies in North Britain

General and Staff Officers Contingencies, upon Account Garisons, -Invalids -

Numbers.

l8l

l8l

181

l8l

176

177 598

44J

443

407

407

5* 9

4,283

>143

1,467

760

876

809

876

.876 725 834 951 834 834

449

58

93

207

i*75

2,289

8,214

Charge per Annum.

s.

x 20,808 18 4

81*583 u t

5*054

*7>232

807

18,039

£. s. d. 14,4x0 18 7I 15,000 — — 31,486 ig 9 12,103 15 10

) 255*092 8 4

457»484 18 4

13,289 10 — 470,774 8 4

73>ooi 10 4| 543*775 18 6*

R.

III. — ESTIM ATE of the 20,000 Men, Troops of Augmentation, and of other additional Forces, since taken into the Service of her Majesty, and the States General, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1710.

Numbers.

Charge per Annum.

English Foot

’ Colonel Hilf s Regiment -Earl of Orrery's Colonel Honywoo

Late Sir *fho.

Hilt*,* r*ti*r« fTw° Regiments of Dragoons Heljltm Gottorp. £TwQ Qf Foot

c n .1 CTW0 Regiments of Dragoons

t"<M* - - iTwoR^iraMMioffoor -

Munster -Hesse Cajel OJnahrug -Otf Prize

- Three Regiments of Foot -

- One Regiment of Foot

- One Regiment of Foot One Regiment of Foot

876

876

876

876

1,116

1,766

3.504

2,882

2,600

2,442

885

807

797

Gil. St.

667,037 10

578,981 5

488,260 10

352»?54 5

122,621 *5

110,626 18

H3»45 IO Liegi

8 Ann.

19* Noventbris.

217

Numbers', f Charge per Anhum;

JOne Regiment of Dragoons -

Two Regiments of Foot One Regiment of Foot mort

Palatines Four Regiments of Foot Danes Surplus of the Danes, Part of the 40,c ment of the Troops of Augmentation

One Half for her Majesty -

58, Gil. St.

1,596

797

~ 2,974 497.5*3 5

- 2,600 322,321 5

tablish- } 520 174,752 17

20,011 3,428,275 —

- 10,005 1,714,137 10

Which’Sum of 1,714,137 Gil. to St. at 10 Gil. to St. to thfc Pound Sterling, makes -

Bread Waggons for the 10,000 Men - - - 5,000

For Forage, Waggon Money, and Recruits, for the Foreigners, upon Account 9,260

Total for her Majesty’s Share of the Troops of Augmentation - -

Other additional Forces.

Palatines Her Mnjrfty’s Share, being -fd^ of the Charge of 3,000 Palatines - - 2,000

Saxcns Her Majesty’s Share, being .1 Moiety of the Charge of 4/’39 Saxons, consist-7 ing of One Regiment of Horle, Two of Dragoons, and Four of Foot -Bothmar Her Majesty’s Shaie, being a Moiety of the Charge of a Regiment of Dragoons, of 800 Men ——

3

400

14.724

Her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of the Troops of Augmentation allowed") by Parliament, and taken into the Service the last Year, on Account - - -3 *00°

24»724

£ t.

163,251 3 6

14,260 — —

177,511 3 6

34.«5* *3 4 43,251 12 6

9,269 16 6

264,284 5 10

220,000 — —

484,284 3 10

R. tValpole.

IV. An ACCOUNT of her Majesty’s Proportion of Subsidies, payable to the Allies, pursuant to the Treaties , for the Year 1710.

Crowns per Anuuro.

To the King of Denmark, in Bank Money at Hamburgh ----- 150,000

To the King of Portugal, for defraying her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of) QOO

13,000 Men, 6&6,66b P.ittacoons, 3} Stivers, at 41. 6 d.each ,) ’ To the Duke of Savoy. at the Rate of 53,333} Crowns per Month - - - 640,000

More to the Duke i f Savoy -

To the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajftil ----- - 25,000

To the Eledorof Treves ----- - 25000

To the Elector Palatine - -- - 20,000

To the King of Prussia, for defraying her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge") 2QO QOO of 8,000 Min lent to the Assistance of the Duke of Savoy -j ’

More to the King of Pmflia by virtue of the Treaties 1701 and 1706, on

Account of the 12,000 Men, sent to serve in the Netherlands;viz,

Gii. St.

To her Majesty’s Share of the Agio, or Difference, of the Money! current in the Empire, and the Rates the same Money is current at in V 109,666 10 the Territories, where his Troops are employed - - - -j

More for her Majesty’s Share of Bread ----- 153,097 16

More for her Majesty’s Share of Forage ----- 125,865 —

388,629 6 -

To the Landgrave o { Hejfe Cnjfel, for her Majesty’s Quota, being }ds of his additional Subsidy of 100,000 Crowns per Annum, on Account of Two Regiments-> 66,666}

of Horse of his Troops, which were in Italy -

666fds.

37,500 -

150.000 — —

i6o,o~o -

100.000 — —

5.952 7 6

5.952 7 <5

4,761 18 6

50,000 -

37.012 7 16,666 13

6

567,845 14 4

R.

Ordered \That the ComV.cration of the said Estimates, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, and Account, be referred to the Committee of the whole Mr. reported from the Committee, that they

House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to her had come to several Refutations, which they had directed Majesty. him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Supply. Then the House (according to Order'! resolved itself Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday into a Committee of the whole House, to con fid er of the Morning next.

said Supply. Mr. also acquainted the House, that he was

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. directed by the Committee to move, that they may have

- Mi1. Faner took the Chair of the Committee. Leave to fit again.

Vol. 16. 3 I Resolved,

2t$

9° — -af* MMembHs.

A. 1709.

Rtfitotd, tFhlft Hils Hbuft will, upon Monday Morning "next, refblve itleff into a Committee of the whole Hotffe, to consider further of the "Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the Hhufe adjourned till Monday Morning, (Niflea Clock.

X t. *?y y,

Z MticCy21° Hie Novembris;

Anno "S(* Anna; Reginae, 1709.

P RtAT-E-R-8.

NaTy AilR. Burchett, Secretary of the Admiralty, pre-Efilmate*. lVX lented to the House, purl'uant to their Address to her Majesty "fdr that Purpose,

The Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1710; and allb,

An Estimate of the Debt of -her Majesty^ Navy*.oft A the Heads therein mentioned, as-it Rood on the 30th of September 1709.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The laid Ordinary-Estimare of the Navy, for the Yew , 1.710, is bound qp with the Papers of this Session.

And the said Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’a Navy, on the Heads therein mentioned, as it stood on the 30th of September, 1709, is in the succeeding Sheet annexed.

N*ry

4th Nor^2tr, C 1709, } ESTIMATE of the DEBT of her Majesty’s NAVY, on the He4ds hereafter mfcntioned, as it ftoodon the 30th of September, 1709.

c

t*

ov

Heads of the Naval I (lima tec.

Debts* as they flood on the joth September, 1709.

iStniculars.

Before

this Reign.

Since

Due on Bills in the Second Bookj, namely. Purlers Balance Bills, and for extraordinary ft ecefikry. money, Petitions, Half pay*, Surgeons, Tree gift, dec. occurred before the late Resign - -

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraoidinary Repairs:

Dtie to pay oft* and discharge all the"! Bills, entered in Course on the Ordinary and Extraordinary of her Majesty’s Navy, and 1 all other Debts, anting for Stores delivered into the Yards, upon Contracts, for which no Bills wire then made out, together with 1 the Debt of the Out } >orts - - -J

To her Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards, { for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof 5

Seamens* Wages:

Doe to several Men, remaining unpaid^ upon, the Books of Ships, paid oli'since this > Ht'gn - - - J

To satisfy such as may call fiir Wages, due / n Ships paid oil in the lull Reign - - J

To Ships in Sea Bay -To pay oil and discharge all the Bills* en-T lered in scourse, for Pilotage, Surgeons* Ne- f ceftaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans, f Itc. on the Head of Stamen’s Wages - J

V initialing:

Due on Account of \ictualing her Ma-jetiy’s Navy,1 according to an Account received from the Commissioners thereof

Sick and Wounded:

Due for the Service of the Sick and Wounded, and for Subsistence of French Prisoners, as per an Account received from the Com ni(Tinners, appointed for those Services: For the Sick and Wounded - For Sulfiltcuce of French Prisoners

£. *. 15480 14

£. «. d.

1

-O

Total*

TOTALS.

£ d. I5,4«<y 14 8

Rettftirilftg on th€ jeth of betxcmbter f’09, in the TrcA-(>.) cr liandt, in Nfmcy, ExcUe

The aforesaid

Exchequer R-M*, ami Tailift* being deducted, cite neu Debt, on the 50th

lathefTTo Th2 of September.709,

amount of \ vtx. vie.

d.

C *

15,480 14 8

58,000 — —

i,576»‘a7 >» 6

311,137 ----- ,

148,850 4 —

1,566,173 ----- f

37,501 10 —

i,345>a94 —

1,898,164 11 6 59.355 1 *>s38,90» 19 5

RegUlar Officer

C = " " f Debts*, at tt.cy Aoodfan the 30th Sepcembif, 1709.

Particulars. 1 TOTAL.

Before Since this Reign.

d.

Due to the Seamen, that^ have been registered, I pursuant to an Act of Par* I 1

liaineut on that behalf, V, 111,395 -

according to an Account* received from the Com-nrtfliouera thereof -

260,576 1 1

£. t.

37«»97* »

1.750.625 14 — S9.6'6 — 11 1 I.7H.000 13 i

1.345.894 — 1 1 8.o87 15 2 1 *>33?»*«6 4 11

Memornnd\rm; Over and above the Sum of £ 109,06$. 13 s. 5 d. (noted in the Column of Money remaining in the Treasurer's Hands, on the other Side) the Trcufnvt r of the Navy has also by him Tallies for the Sum of £.414/316. 9*. bjrf. hereafter mentioned, Which are reserved for such I (Vs, as the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer shall diretf, and are to be reckoned towards futisfv ing the Debt of the Navy; but not being vet appointed to any of the particular Heads thereof, cannot at prelVnt be placed thereto; vis.

f On Annuities, after the Determination of Two Lives -Tallies. < On llalffubtiuies* Arc. Anno 1708 (Outhe 12th 41. Aid -

The Treasurer of the Navy has also certified, that* oh the 24th of October^ part, Tallies were (truck in the Exchequer on the Hilf-subsidies, I Anno 1700, for such Ufi s in the Navy* as the Right honourable the Lord I High Treasurer should direct, the Sum of ----- -J

And there remains to be received by the (hid Treasurer of the Navy, of} the Proportion voted in the lad Session of Parliament, for the Service of, the Navy, the Sum of .....- ]

al A

30th September, 1709.

£. .

37 '.97* *

73,480 14 8

";* d ill 68,944 15 7 j 2.903 5 3 j 66,041 IO 4

5^79v

5.005.729 1 2

15 10 1109,961 ry 5 ! a 5

Exatni.ed fJUT.

Dan. Furxer,

C/ta. Sergifon, Get. It

53.673 -

44.095 3 3

120497 *4

106,059 11 1

424.316

‘79.847

9 6* 7

B. Tyrrtttoe/f, D. LydiletU

v6

O

o

o

00_

o"

g Ann. 21°

220 210 Novembris. 1709*

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply. Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty thousand Men be employed in the Sea Service for the Year 1710, including Eight thousand Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds a Man per Menfem, be allowed for maintaining the said 40,000 Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 17x0.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Pcti- Rolfc tion of the honourable George Rosse, Esquire, be further adjourned until Saturday come-seven-night. olL

Lieutenant General Erie presented to the House, Ordnanc* pursuant to their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose,

An F.ftimate of the Charge of the Office of her Majesty's Ordnance, for the Year 1710, for Land Service; and also, '

Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered^ and Services performed, to the Thirtieth of 1709.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Estimate, and Debt, are as follow:

The ESTIMATE of the Charge of her Majesty’s Ordnance, for the Year 17 to, for Land Service.

The Charge of the Holland Train -

The Ordinary of the Office, comprising Salaries, Rents and Repairs of Storehouses, Barracks,

Platforms, Carriages, and likewise the Expence of Stores for the several Garisons, and other incident Charges ——

For aoo Tons ot Salt-petfe, for Supply of the Stores -

The yearly Charge of Jamaica - -

The yearly Charge of New York -

The yeaily Charge of Powder for Portugal asjvr Treaty -

The yearly Charge of Officers, Fire-workers, , Bombardiers, Artificers, Gunners, and Matroflcs, belonging to the Train in Catalonia - -

The yearly Charge of Officers, &c. at Port Mahon -

The yearly Charge of Officers, Engineers, Bombardiers, Gunners, Fire-workers, and Artificers, at Gibraltar - -

The Charge of repairing Fortifications at Gibraltar - -‘ - - - -

The Charge of Officers, Bombardiers, Gunners, and others, belonging to the Artillery in the North Part of Great Britain, whereof, the last Year, £ 449. 6 d. was allowed upon the Estimate of Guards and Garisons

The Charge of Stores, sent last Year to Spain -

s. d.

45,000 — —

28,273 13 9 10,600 -

4 565 —

182 10 — 10,974 5 —

12,220 2 6

4>544 5 —

3,631 15 — 7.930 -

1,475 18

28,079 8

9

6

153.368 3 6

Tho. Erie, Robert Lowther, Ja. Craggs.

Wm. Bridges C. Musgrave,

DEBT of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th ot September, 1709.

Due to Artificers, and others, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the 30th of September, 1709 -

Due to the Holland Train to ditto Time ——

Due to the Trains in Spain and Port Mahon -

Due to the Officers, l$c. at Gibraltar -

Due to Engineers, and Storekeeper, at New York and Jamaica -

Due to Fire-workers, Bombardiers, Carpenters, life, attending the Bomb Vessels in the Mediterranean and Channel -

Due for Freight of Ships, attending at Port Mahon, Barcelona, Alicant, Lisbon, and Bomb

Vessels....

Due for Salaries, and Rent of Storehouses

£ s.

202,366 2 7

5,356 18 6

14,090 18 7$-

2,206 17 6

622 5 —

1,805 6 —

19.937 8 8 4,111 10 7

250,497 7 6l

Tallies on Money

nth Aid 12 4Aid

it 4 Aid . Low Wines

In the Treasurer of the Ordnance Hands; viz.

- 1,783,694 7

- - - - 375,886 3

- 1,586,502 5

d. £ s. d.

2 30,000 — . —

8 30,000 — —

9 i 36,000 — —

— 28,592 8 6}

- 19.684 14 3f

£. 144,277 2 10

Memorandum

lf-.T

dlii

tiport

Cut

ht

>r]

to,

"i-1*4

’a' -wr

r*. 0-,

-t

8 Ann.

21° — 23* N

221

Memorandum: Received from the Treasury, upon the Account of Fortifications, in the Year)

1708, the Sum of .....] ^Ojoooo — —

Given by Parliament the lall Year for the said Service - 50,312 19 ii|

Out of which Sums there has been paid, and is now due, for Works performed -

80,312 19 ii| 20,308 5 —

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimafe* and Debt, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mercurii, 230 die N

Anno 8* Ann* Regiflfc, 1709.

Supply. Then the House (according to Order) resolved itieff into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speidter left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, chat they bad come to sevenil Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Famr also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ways Refohed, That this House will, upon

and Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Exporting Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Coin. of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Malt, Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, low Wines, and Spirits, drawn from malted Corn, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to permit all such Ships or Vessels, as have been cleared out at the Custom-house on or before this 21st Day of November, to proceed on their Voyages.

P'tto. A Petition of Richard of London, Merchant,

in behalf of himself, and others, interested in the Cargo of the Ship Concordia, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the said Ship coming from Dant- Jick, with about 700 Quarters of Wheat, was brought into Dover Port, as Prize, and bought by the Petitioners for Exportation, the Wheat being damaged by beating, and so not fit for the Fngtish Markets; and the Petitioners having paid the foreign Duty, of 8 J. the Quarter: And praying, that they may be permitted to export the Wheat on board the said Ship, notwithstanding the Bill in this House, to prohibit the Exportation of Corn.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Afar of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to kread. regulate the Assize of Bread; and that the Lord Mayor, and Mr. Recorder, of London, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. Ward, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Sir Wm. and Mr.

MedycoU, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Nine a Clock,

Vol. 16.

PlATHRS.

MR. Farrer (according to Order) reported from Supply.

the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz,

Resolved, That it >is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Forty thousand Men, which were raised, to act in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty's Allies, be continued for the Year 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.901,992. 3s. 6d. b« granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said 40,000 Men for the Service of the Year 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the additional Forces of Ten thousand Men be continued for the Year 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.177,511. 3s. 6 be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said 10,000 Men for the Service of the Year 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That her Majesty’s Proportion of 3,000 Palatines for-merely taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General, be continued for the Year 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.34,251. 13J. 4 be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of maintaining the said 3,°°° for the Service of the Year 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That her Majesty’s Proportion of 4,639 Saxons, taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General in the Year 1707.be continued for the Year 1710.

Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sura, not exceeding £.43,251. 12/. 6 be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of maintaining the said,639 Saxons for the Service of the Year 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That her Majesty’s Proportion of Bcthmar’s Regiment of Dragoons, conliiting of 800 Men, taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General in the Year 1707, be continued for the Year 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.9,269. 1 6 be

granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of maintaining of the said Regiment of Dragoons for the Service of the Year 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That her Majesty s Proportion of the Troops of Augmentation, taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General in the Year 1709, be continual for the Year 1710,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £. 220,000, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of maintaining the said Troops of Augmentation for the Service of the Year 171Q. ’

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £-567,845. i4r. 4 be

3 K granted

Goo«

Exporting

Malt.

Dn Clark thanked.

Cambridge

LJe&ion.

Duke of Marlborough's Answer to Vote of Thanks.

222

2 30 Novem♦

1709.

granted to her Majesty, for her Majesty’s Proportion of the Subsidies, payable to her Allies, pursuant to the 'Treaties, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not, exceeding £.543,775. 18 6 be

granted to her Majesty, to defray the Charge of maintaining Guards and Garilbns in Great Britain, and for the Payment of the Invalids, for the Service of the Year 1710, including Five thousand Men, to serve on board she Fleet.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of , concerned in the

manufacturing of Barley into Malt, in order for Exportation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in pursuance of a Trade, which, for 20 Years pad, has been very beneficial to the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, the Petitioners have bought considerable Quantities of Barley at the Markets, and made the same into Malt for foreign Markets, the same not being fit for the English Markets, being under-dried, and so not proper to be kept, but will be all loft, if not exported in a very short time, to the utter Ruin of the Petitioners, who cannot now export the fame, by reason of an Embargo, lately laid thereon: And praying the House to make some Provision for the Petitioners Relief.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, low Wines, and Spirits, drawn from malted Corn, is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Doctor Clark, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday at St. Margaret's; and

that he be desired to print the same; and that the Lord William Powlett, Sir Joseph Jekyll, and Sir Peter King, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That no Person do presume to print the said Sermon, but such Person, as the said Doctor Clark Hull appoint.

A Petition of Thomas Bendish, Esquire, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, the Petitioner, and John Hind Colton, and Samuel Shepherd, junior, Esquires, were Candidates; and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, though many were unduly hindered, and he ought to have been returned; but not only by Force, but also by Bribery, Treating after the Tejleof the Writ, and other undue Practices, used before the Election, by making an unprecedented Number of (most Strangers) Freemen, a Majority was gained on the Poll for the other Candidates: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Comptroller reported, that the Committee, appointed to wait on his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, did, at his Return to Town, wait upon him Yesterday, and delivered to him the Resolution of the House, of the 15th Instant; and that thereupon his Grace was pleased to make this Answer:

IT is a very great Honour, and Satisfaction, to me, that the House of Commons is pleased to take so much Notice of my Endeavours to serve the Queen, and iny Country.

I cannot be just to all (he Officers, and Soldiers, who have served with me, unless I take this Oc: ah on to alfure you, that their Zea! and Affection for the Service is equal to tire Courage and Bravery they have shewn, during this whole War.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter relating to the Variation in the signing the Petitions, presented to the House this Session, from those presented the last Session, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, for the Boroughs of

Lijlwithiel, in the County of Cornwall, and,

in the County of Glov.cester; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth;

That the Committee of Privileges and Elections, pursuant to the Instruction given them (to examine, whether the Petitions, to them referred, be the lame, and signed by the same Parties) have examined the said Petitions, and find them all agree with the Petitions, presented last Set lion, but Two; viz.

The Petition of the chief Magistrates, and Assistants* of the Borough of Leftwithiell, complaining of an undue

Election and Return of James Kendall, and Joseph son, Esquires, presented the last Session, was signed by William Taprell, and 18 other Persons; and the Petition, under the tame Title, presented this Session, is signed by the same 18 Persons, without the said Taprell:

And the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Cirencester, complaining of an undue Return of Charles Cox, and Allen Bathurst, Esquires, presented the last Session, was signed by John Curtis, and Edward Butler, and 14 other Radons; and the petition, under the same Title, presented this Session, is firmed by the same 14 Persons, without the said John Curtis, arid Edward Butler.

Ordered, That the said Committee be directed to proceed to hear the Matter of the Petition, complaining ofan undue Election, and Return, for the said Borough of withiell, and to report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House, although Wtn. Taprell, who signed the first Petition, is dead.

Ordered, That the said Committee do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the Time, appointed by them for the hearing the Matter of the Petition of Francis,

and RuffelRobartes, Esquires, complaining also of the said Election, and Return.

Ordered, That, the said Committee, do proceed to hear the Matter of the Petition of several Inhabitants of -cester, in the County of Gloucester, although the same be not signed by the Persons in the Report mentioned, whp signed the former Petition.

After which both Parties desiring, the Matter of the said Petition might be heard at the Bar of the House;

Ordered, That the said Committee be discharged from hearing the Merits of the said Election for Cirencester.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the said Borough of Cirencester be heard at the Bar of the House upon Tomorrow Fortnight.

The House (according to Order) resolved inself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrovy Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Left with id.

Ways and Meant-

8 Anist.

2 30 — 240 Novembris.

223

1

Rrfolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning house at what brought in, what exported,

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and what remains, from the 25th of March, 1709, to thi to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the 29th of September, 1709:

Supply granted to her Majesty. An Account of the prohibited Goods in

her Majesty s Warehouse in the Custom House, Louden, And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow being the Goods, which were formerly at the Out-roper’s

Office, what exported, and what remains, from Lady Day, 1709, to 1709:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods,

Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Jovis,24* di

Anno 8°Anntc Regime, 1709. Prayers,

Kohibifetl East India

ImxxIs.

brought into her Majesty’s Warehouse at the Custom House, London, what exported, and what remains, from Lady Day, 1709, to Michaelmas, 1709.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The /Hid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

A Petition of Henry Lye//, and Christopher Greenwood, Exporting in behalf of the Proprietors of a Leading of foreign t'orn* Corn, taken out of the Ship King David, John Ebbe,

Master, which laid Proprietors are Subjects of was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the said Ship and Loading, was of about 840

THE House being acquainted, that Sir Matthez o

Dudley and Sir John Stanley, Two of the Com mi f-sioners of the Customs, attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House (pursuant to an Act of Parliament for that Purpose) the several Accounts following, viz.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods by

the old East India Company, which were intitled to

Debenture, in a Warehouse at St. Hel/ens, what exported,

and what remains, from the 29th of September, 1708, to the 25th of March, 1709; also an Account of the said

Goods, by the old Company, which pay only the half Quarters of Wheat, and 620 Quarters of Barley, bound Subsidy in a Warehouse at S t. Hel/ens, what exported, for Lijhcn; and in August la ft was brought into Harwich and what remains from the 29th of September, 170S, to by one ct her Majesty’s Men of War, on Suspicion, that the 25th of March, 1709; also an Account of the said flic was bound for Franc:', which, upon Examination Goods, by the united East India Company, in a Ware- before her Majesty, appeared so be bound for house at Sr. Hellene, what brought in, what exported, and her Majesty, considering the Loading might be and what remains, from the 29th of September, 1708, to spoiled befure it could reach permitted it to be

the 25th of March, 1709: brought up the Thames, to be sold here; and was

An Account of the prohibited East India Good1:, by landed; but the Duty on the Earley is mere, than 'tis the new East India Company, which pay the half Sub- wort!), the Projectors dcllred the Loading may proceed fidy, in a Warehouse at the Steel Yard, what received in, what delivered out, and what remains, from the 29th ‘September, 1708, to the 25th of Mir eh, 1709; allban

Account of the lin'd Goods, by the new East hd/a

Company, which were intitled to Debenture, in a Ware-house at the Steel Yard, what exported, and what remains, from the 29th of September, 1708, to the 25th of March,

1709: also an Account of the said Goods, of the united East India Company, which pay only tire half Subsidy, in

a Warehouse at Leadenhall, what have been brought in, what delivered out for Exportation, and what remains

in the said Warehouse, from the 29th of September, 1708, and Spirits, drawn from malted Corn, is committed, to the 25th of March, 1709:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods in Mr. (according to Order) reported from thi Way*

her Majesty’s Warehouse in the Custom House, London, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Mean*; being the Goods, which were formerly at the Out- to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the roper’s Office, what exported, and what remains, from Supp’y granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had

to LII', on: 1 li.it the Petitioners are informed, there is a I ill in the House, to prohibit the Exportation of all Corn; which may affinft the said Loading, and will gr.etly damage the Proprietors: And praying, that Liberty may be riven for the said Ship and Loading to procod in her Voyage to Lisbon, at lead the Barley, without paying any Duty inwards.

Ordered, That the Cor.sideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, low Wines,

Michaelmas, 1708, to Lady Day, 1709:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, brought into her Majesty’s Warehouse at the Custom-House, London, what exported, and what remains, from Michaelmas, 1 708, to Lady Day, 1709:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by the old East India Company, which were entitled to Debenture, in a Warehouse at St. He,'lens, what exported, and what remains, from the 25th of March, 1709, to Michaelmas, 1709; also an Account of the said Goods, by tire old Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, the Town of upon and a proportionable

in a Warehouse at St. Hel/ens, what exported, and what Eels, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of

Union (confirmed by Acts of Parliament) be laid upon

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Rcfoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding four Shillings in the Pound, to be raised in the Year 1710, upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Petitions, Offices, and perform! Estates, in that Part of Great Britain celled and

remiins, from tiic 25th of March, 1709, to Michaelmas, 1709: also an Account of the said Goods, by the united Company in a Warehouse at St. Hel/ens, what brought in, what exported, and what remains, from the 25th of March, 1709, to Michaelmas, 1709:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by the new East India Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, in a Warehouse at the Steel Yard, what brought in, what exported, and what remains, from the 25th of March, 1700, to the 29th of September, 1709; alloan find Goods, by the united India

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second time:

Refo/ved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, to be raised in the Year 1710, upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Perifions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, /Vales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and a proportionable Ccfs, according: to

Account of the said Goods, by the united Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, in a Ware- the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, confirmed Vet. 16. by

24° — 2 5* — 2.6° Novembris.

Exporting

torn.

Supply.

by Acts of P&tiiomsnf) be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Attornfcy General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Farrer, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to pro* bibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, low Wines, and Spirits, drawn from malted Corn.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received on Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, retoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 25° die Novetnbris\

A. 1709.

to Flag Officers in the Navy, daring the last Three Years, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners, for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, do lay the said Lift, and Account, before this House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of and iIean* Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that he was di-rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TVednfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatt, 26® die Novembris;

Anno 8* Annas Regin*, 1709.

'jfJu

Mi

Anno 8* Ann* Regin*, 1709.

Prayers.

Anmdcll A PETITION of Edmund Dummer, Esquire, was

Election. f\_ prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth,

that the Lord Shannon was elected a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for Arundtll, in Suffer, and he being afterwards made Deputy Governor of Dover Castle, a new Writ issued, for electing a new Burgess; at which new Election the said Lord Shannon, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That George Moor, Mayor of Arundell, John Dean, a Commissioner of the Taxes, Tho. Peekham, and several others, were Agents for the Lord Shannon who, by Bribery, Threats, and other indirect Pradiccs, procured Votes for Lord Shannon, and deterred several from voting for the Petitioner; yet he had a Majority of Twelve legal Votes, upon the Mayor’s own Poll; and the Petitioner ought to have been returned; but the Mayor hath returned the Lord Shannon, upon the Pro-mile of the said Dean, and Peekham, to lave him harmlefr, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and the Rights of the said Borough: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sappiy Bill; Mr. Farrer (according to Order) pTelented to the Land Tax. House, a Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1710; and the feme was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next

TT*lf-p»y Ordered, That a List of all such Officers, as were in €fcSc»r», Ac. Half-pay in the Navy, in the Year 1708, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of all Commissions given

20

Prayers.

MR. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the 'Vfay*

Committee of the whole House, who were to

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and aftewards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, the several and respective Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by an Act, of the First; Year of her Majesty’s Reign, and continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the 24th Day of June, 1710, be further continued, from the 23d Day of June, 1710, until tire 24th Day of June, 17n, and no longer, for and upon all Malt, which shall be made, and all Mum, which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made for Sale in Great B, except Malt, made and consumed in Scotland. 1

The said Resolution being read a Second time:

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, the several and respective Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by an Act, of the first Year of her Majesty’s Reign, and continued

by several subsequent Acts, until the 24th Day of Jane,

1710, be further continued, from the 23d Day of June,

17 10,until the 24th Day of June, 1711, and no loQger, for and upon all Malt, which shall be made, and all Mum, which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder-and Perry, which shall be made for Sale in Great , except Malt, made and consumed in Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. SoJicitotr;

General, Mr. Farrer, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Effington was presented to the Ayleftwy 1

House, and read j setting forth, that at the late Election, Elec*1<w* on the 3d of May, 1708, of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament

Cardigan

County

Elc&oo*

DmrWrit

Exporting

Coin,

8 Ann. a6° — 28°

liament for Aylrfu.ry, in the County of Simon

A lavne, Esquire, Sir 'Join V’hitwrong, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; and Mr. and the Petitioner were duly elected by a Majority upon the Poll then taken; but there being Pour Conllables, that returnMem-bers to Parliament, Two of them, viz. Ray and Joseph Humfrey, encouraged and admitted several Per-fj.is who had no Right to poll for Sir John Whit wrong, and let down for him divers, that polled for the Petitioner; and many other corrupt Practices were used; and the said Two Constables have returned Sir Whit wrong

with Mr. Mayne, and the other two Constables, by Indentures, returned the Petitioner with Mr. Mayne-, which Timothy Wingfield, the High Sheriff of the County, ac-

cepted, and, by his Under-lhcriff, executed a Counterpart; yet t he said Sheriff hath not returned the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Pre-miles, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Ele«ftion, and Return, be heard at the Bar of the I Joule upon Saturday, the 10th Day of December next.

Ordered, That the Sheriff of the County of Bucks, for the Year 1708, do then attend this House, with the Indenture for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Merits of the EletAion for the County of Cardigan, which is appointed by the Committee of Privileges and Elections to be heard the 21st Day of December next, be heard by the said Committee upon the 9th Day of January next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Com-baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Dover, in the room of Matthew Aylmer, Esquire, who, since his being defied such Baron, has been appointed Admiral and Commander in chief of her Majesty’s Fleet.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, low Wines, and Spirits, drawn from malted Corn, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock,

Novembris.

Luna, 28* die Novembris J

Anno 8* Anns Reginas, 1709.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Owen Meyrick, Esquire, Mayor, Tho. p^anmaris Evanj, Bailiff, Wm. Meurick, Esquire, and El*ffon<

Wynn, Gentleman, Burgesses of the Borough of borough, in the County of Anylefea, and also of "Thomas Jones, and Joh Davys, Burgesses of the Borough of Beu~

maris, in the said County, in the behalf of themselves, and several other Burgesses of the said Boroughs, was pre-ferited to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Right of electing a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Boroughs, is in all the Burgesses of both the Boroughs: That at the lait Election Sir Arthur Owen, and Henry Bertie, Esquire, flood Candidates; and the Majority of the BurgclTes, then present, voted for Sir Arthur Owen: That IVm. Owen, Esquire, Mayor, John Evans and IVm Parry, Bailiffs, of Beaumaris, rejected the Votes of the Petitioners, and a great number of the rest of the Burgesses of both the said Boroughs, that would have voted for Sir Arthur Owen; and by thele and other undue Practices, Mr. Bertie is rerumed as a Burgess for Beaumaris, without taking any Notice of the Borough of Newbourgh in the Return; which is a great Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying, that..... such Relief in the Premises, as the House shalt think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privilegesand Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Burehet (from the Commissioners, for executing Half-pay the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) pre- Officer*. fented to the House, according to Order,

A Lift of all such Officers, as were in Half-pay in the Navy, in the Year 1708; and also,

An Account of ail Commissions given to Flag Officers in the Navy, during the lad Three Years.

And the Titles of the said Lift and Account were read.

And the Lift and Account are as follow;

Admiralty Office, I A LI S T of all Officers as were in Half-pay in the Navy, in the Year 1708: Prepared November 28, 1709. J in pursuance of a Precept from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 25th of

this present November.

Officers N;imc«.

Quality of their Allowance.

Sir Jfimcs IViJhart

Ditto - -

Ditto -Robert Fairfax, Esquire Ditto - Ditto -Sir IVm. Whet/lone Lord Archibald Hamilton Chnficpher Myngs, Esquire -Captain Charles Fotherby Captain IVm. C/eaveland Captain John Redman -Captain John U

Captain Ja. Littleton Captain Jcf. Crow Captain CerarrdElwes -Captain Cha. Cornwall -Lieutenant Walter Majfey Lieutenant John Lambert Lieutenant Hen. Franklyn Lieutenant Charles Carter Lieutenant John Lock -Lieutenant Alexander Stewart Lieutenant R. Rowzier Lieutenant Wnt. Cawley VoL. 1ft.

Half the Pay of {

Rear Admiral.

Vice Admiral.

Admiral of the Blue. Captain of a 2d Rate. Vice Admiral.

Ditto.

Rear Admiral.

Captain of a 2d Rate.

Ditto.

Captain of a 2d Rite. Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Lieutenant of a 1 ft Rate. Lieutenant of a 3d Rate. Lieutenant of a 3d Rate. Lieutenant of a 2d Rate. Lieutenant of a 3d Rate. Ditto.

Ditto.

Lieutenant of a ill Rate. 3L

Lieutenant

l

Officers Names,

Lieutenant: Edward Gregory Lieutenant Phil. Powitell -Lieutenant Robert Hopper -Lieutenant Wm. Collier

Quality of their Allowance.

- f C Ditto.

V Half the Pay of|LiDitt0-

Lieutenant of a 3d Rate. (Lieutenant of a 2d Hate.

Admiralty office, NovetUberlAti ACCOUNT of all Cofnmilfions, given to Flag Officers in the Navy, during the the28th, 1703. j last Three Years: Prepared in pursuance of an Order front the honourable House of Commons, dated the 25th Instant.

Flag Officers Names.

Sir John Norris -

Sir John Jennings - -Sir Stafford Fair borne -Sir John Leakb - - -Sir Geo. Byitg - -Sir John Jennings - -Sir John Noirris - - -Lord Durfley -

Sir John Leake -

Sir Edward -

John Baker, Esquire Charles Wagei, Esquire -Sir John Jennings - -Sir John Norris - - -Lord Durfley -

Sir Edward Whitaker -John Baker, Esquire - -

Sir James Wish - -

Matthew Ay liner, Esquire

Sir John Leake - -Lord Carmarthen

Sir Stafford Fairborne

Sir George By tig - -Sit Jbhh Jennings

Sir John Norris - -Lord Durfley - -

Sir Edward Whitaker John -Baker, Esquire Charles Wager Esquire

Matthew Aylmer, Esquire

Sir John Jennings - -Sir John Norris -

Lord Durfley- - - -Sir Edu ard Whitaker -John Baker, Esquire Cka. Wager, Esquire

Dates of their Commissions.

10 March,

27 November, 10 December,

7 January,

8 January,

8 January,

8 Januar

8 January,

12 January,

15 January,

17 January,

17 January,

15 April,

17 December,

18 Decemb

19 December,

20 December,

10 Decemb

20 December,

17°r

1707

1707

»7°r

1707

1707

1707

1707

1707

1707

1707

1707

1708 1708 1708 1708 1708 1708 1708

id December, 1708

2i December,

2t December,

21 December,

21 December, 2t December, 21 Decemb

21 December, 21 December, 21 December-, 21 Decem

ifds

1708

1708

1708

1708

1708 1708 1708 1708 1708

Quality of their ComnnliionB.

Squadron of her Majesty’s Fleet.

Rear Admiral of the Blue,

Rear Admiral of the Blue,

Rear Admiral of the White,

Admiral of the White,

Admiral of the White,

Admiral of the White,

Vice Admiral of the Red,

Vice Admiral of the White,

Vice Admiral of the Blue,

Admiral of the White, and Admiral and Commander in Chief of her Majesty’s Fleet.

Rear Admiral of the Red,

Rear Admiral of the White,

Rear Admiral of the Blue,

Admiral of the Blue,

KG

Ur.

Ffltlfi

Ekii

Squadron ofher Majesty's Fleet.

m

chief, of her Majesty’s employed, for the present

14 November, 1709

14 November,

14 November, 14 Novemb,

L4 November, 14 November, :4 Novemb,

1^09

1709

1709

1709

1/709

1709

1

Admiral of the Blue,

Admiral of the Blue,

Admiral of the Blue,

Admiral of the Blue,

Admiral of the Blue,

Admiral and Commander Fleet employed, and to be Expedition.

Admiral, and Commander in chief, of her Majesty’s Fleet, employed, and to be employed, for the present Expedition.

Admiral, and Commander in chief, of her Majesty’s Fleet, employed, and to bp employed, for the present Expedition.

Admiral, and Commander in chief, of her Majesty’s Fleet, employed, and to be employed, for the present Expedition.

Admiral of the White*

Admiral of the Blue,

Vice Admiral of the Red,

Vice Admiral of the White,

Vice Admiral of the Blue,

Rear Admiral of the Red,

Rear Admiral of the White,

Admiral, and Commander in chief, of her Majesty’s Fleet, employed, and to be employed, for the present Expedition.

Admiral of the White,

Admiral of the Blue,

Vice Admiral of the Red,

Vice Admiral of the White,

Vice Admiral of the Blue,

Rear Admiral of the Red,

Lqmi

Ua

Squadron of her Majesty* Fleet.

.Squadron ofher Majesty’s Fleet.

Ordered, That the said Lift, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Cruizen Mr. Burchett also presented to the House, An Account and Convoy*, of what Ships have been employed as Criiizers and Convoys in the Year 1709, over and above file Ships'of War for the Line of Battle, and for Convoys to remote Parts, pursuant to the Act for the betterTecuring the Wade of this Kingdom, by Criiizerp and'Convoys.

N And the Title of the Lid Account Was read.

Ordered, That the Lid ’Account do lie upon thb Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lid Account is contained in 13 tlooks, or Papers, and is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Commissioners, for executing the FlagOffiww. Office of Lord High Admiral of 'Great Britain, do lay before this House, a List df 'the Names'of all the Flag Officers, at the Time of her Majesty’s Accession to the Throne, and also of all those, who have been appointed Flag Officers since that Tirffe, to this Day, with an Account of the several Allowances to them, made out of the Money, granted By PdriiameritTor the Service of the Navy.

A BiJl "for granting an Aid ’to bet Majesty, to be raised By'a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the (Year 17'10, was -(according -to 'Order) /read a Second Hiine.

Refolded, That the' Bill be committed.

Ref oh

Supply BlIj Land Tax-

__ j

8 Ann. 28° — 39°

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, refofve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

life County A Petition of Sir John was presented to the

UeAion. House, and read; setting forth, that on the 20th of May, 1708, the Petitionerwas duly choien a Commissioner, to serve in Parliament for the Shire of Fife, in North Britain, and, as such, ought to have been returned $ but Patrick Moncreif, by indirect Practices, procured himself to be returned, though many voted for him, who, by the Laws of Scotland, had no Wight; nor is lie capable of being eletted, having no Freehold: And praying the Confederation of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Perth County A Petition of John Haldane, Esquire, was presented

Elation, to the House, and read; setting forth, that on the 1 3th of June, 1708, the Petitioner, and Dougald Stuart, Esquire, Wood Candidates for a Commissioner, to serve in Parliament for Perthshire, in North Britain-, and the Petitioner was duly choien by the legal Voters; but Mr. Stuart, and his Agents, brought a great Number of Gentlemen, who till then never claimed a Right to vote, and who, by the Laws of Scotland, have no such Right, and by means thereof, and other corrupt Practices, Mr. Stuart was returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Exporting A Petition of the Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the Corn. County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a general Prohibition to the Exportation of Com will reduce the said County to great Poverty, Barley being the only Commodity, that brings them in any Money; which Lift Year carried a very low Price; and this Year they have a great Crop, which will lie above half on their Hands, if they be not allowed to transport Malt: And praying, that they may be permitted to export Malt, when the same don’t exceed such a Price, as the House shall think reasonable.

Supply. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they Lad come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Novmbris. %),

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House yjill, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve ilself into a, Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 29* di( Novembris j

Anno 8* Anna Regina, 1709.

Pea ter s.

R. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Supply-Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution they had directeii him to report to the House j which he read in his Pince, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Thirty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance for the Land Service, including thy Chatge of the Fortifications of Gibraltar.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be mqde thereunto, by infecting, after " Service," the Words " for the Service of the Year 1710."

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That a Sum, not exceeding £. 130,000, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance for the Land Service, fof the Service of the Year 1710, including the Charge of the Fortifications of Gibraltar.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Transports do Transport lay before this House, the Stat$ of the Debts for Tranf- Debt*, port Service, as it flood on the 30th Day of September,

1709.

Mr. Walpole, Secretary at War, presented to the Army

House, pursuant to their Addr«fs to her for Efumatr.

that Pucpole, An Eftirqafepf the Charge of her Mf-jetty’s Forces, to serve in Spain and Portygql, or ejjfeiyhefc, as the Service may require, in the Year 1710.

And die Title thereof read-

And the said Eftijpnate ip followers pit.

Vol. 16.

fi

Horse.

Dragoons.

In Spain. 1

Foot.

In Gibraltar.

In Portugal.

Foot

In Flanders. - -

In Great Britain.

A discontinoed Regiment, the Officers \ being exchanged, to be raised again. \

29° Novemb

r Dragoons.

Lieutenant General s a 418 $. d.

f Royal Regiment - 589 20,652 18 4

1 Brigadier Pepper's -3 Count Nassau’s - 589 20,652 18 4

- - 589 20,652 18 4

V. Earl of Rockford's - - 407 14,739 18 4

rColonel Harrifotis - - 876 *5>S'2 IO

Colonel Windsor's - - - 876 »5,5*2 IO —

Brigadier Wade’s - - - 87 6 15,512 IO —

Sir Cha. Hotham’s - - 845 14,822 — 10

Colonel De Bourgay’% - - 845 14,822 — 10

Royal Fufileers - m 845 15,022 lS 10

Brigadier Whet ham’s - - 845 14,822 10

/ Colonel Dormer’s - - - 845 14,822 — 10

| Colonel Bowles’s - - 845 14,822 — 10

Colonel Munden’s - - - 845 14,822 — 10

Colonel LepelTs - - 72 5 I3»l79 10 10

Earl of Inchiquin’s - - - 725 *3,i79 10 10

Colonel Gore’s - - 725 *3»I79 10 10

Brigadier Elliott's - - - 834 14,520 18 4

Colonel Watkins's - - - 834 14,520 18 4

' Earl of Galway e's - - 589 20,652 18 4

Colonel Leuis de favor a'% - - 323 12,267 — 10

Colonel Luis de Gamia's - - - 323 12,267 — 10

1 Colonel Manuel de Mello’% - - 323 12,267 — 10

Conde de Prada's - - 323 12,267 — 10

Colonel Diego de Noranha’s - - 323 12,267 — 10

_ Another - - - 323 12,267 — 10

'"Brigadier Pearce's - - - 72 5 *3,*79 10 10

Brigadier Newton's - - - 725 *3,*79 10 10

Earl of Barrymore’s Lord Paston's - - - 87 6 15,512 10 —

m - 834 *4,520 18 4

Major General Sankey'% -Colonel Stanwix’s - - - 725 *3,*79 10 10

- - 725 *3,*79 10 10

J Colonel Bladen’s - - - 785 14,207 12 6

\ A Spanish Regiment - - 785 14,207 12 6

Colonel Hamilton's - - - 876 *5,5*2 10 —

Colonel Sutton's - - 876 *5,5*2 10 —

Lord Stratbnaver's - - - 834 14,520 18 4

Colonel Grant’s - - 834 14,520 18 4

Major General Wynn’s - 785 14,207 12 6

Lord Haye's - - - 834 *4,520 18 4

Colonel Breton’s - - 834 *4,520 18 4

l_The Marquis Montandre’s m - 876 *5-5* 10 —

00 Italian Foot . 30,434 62,411 7

1,000 Horse - - - ... - 87,4*5 4 2

- m m m 60,000

Numbers.

Charge per Annum.

Towards paying the Troops of his Catholick Majesty, and the Extraordinaries7 of the War, upon Account - - - - " -

General and Staff OfEcers, Contingencies, Forage, and Waggon-money, in^ Portugal ----- -$

Contingencies for the Hospital in Portugal -

General and Staff Officers, Contingencies, Forage, and Waggon-money, in') Spain - -- --- j

Contingencies for the Hospital in Spain

R. Walpole.

A. 1709,

Total Charge.

£ s. d. a3>107 10

76,69813 4

2*9»°73 -

94,255 3

229,99S I2 6

643* 3°

209,826 11 2

- 210,000

1,062,956 11 2

8

3 *,843 6 8

4

31,235 iS 4

I- 1,126,035 16 a

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate Mr. Speaker, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who The Lords have passed to a Bill, intituled, An Act to are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Ma- enable Peyton Altbam, an Infant Trustee, to join in fuf-

Altham’*

Estate.

jetty.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Rogers:

fering a common Recovery, or levying a Fine, of an Estate in Ejftx, as if he were of full Age to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr.

8 Ann 29* — 30" Novembris. 229

Exporting Mr. Attorney General (according to Order) reported Cora. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, low Wines, and Spirits, drawn from malted Corn, was committed, the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to export Barley, Beer, or Bigg, and Malt, to any Place in Alliance with her Majesty, when the Price does not exceed per Quarter.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and which was filled up u’ith " Twenty Shillings."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause lo amended, be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, that all Persons, who expose any Corn or Grain to Sale* shall bring to, and fell the same at, the publick Market* and not by Samp.es, under a Penalty.

And the Clause was twice read, with Blanks; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

found just and plain, and the t)ebt has been allowed; so that nothing remains, but to find out, and assign, some Fund, out of which the Persons concerned may at laftbe paid, after having impatiently waited so long. Wherefore the under-wntten Envoy humbly prays your Majesty, in the Name of the States, that you would be pleased, according to the kind Assurances you have already given the States, to recommend this Matter so favourably, and so effectually, to your Parliament, that it may have a final Determination this Session, to the Satisfaction of the Persons concerned, who fuller extremely by these long Delays. Their High and Mightinefies promise themselves so much from your Majesty’s Kricndship, and are persuaded, from your Majesty’s good Will towards them* that you will not futfer their Troops and Subjects to be less sensible, than all others, of the Effects of your Majesty’s usual Justice and Equity.

London, 1709. M.

The original Memorial is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Memorial be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all private Bills be printed, andprfc- Printing fented to the House before the First reading of any such Private Bills.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mr. Farm (according to Older) presented to the Supply Bill; Morning, Nine a Clock. House* a Bill for charging and continuing, the Duties Mult Duties*

__________ upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry* for the Service c"

of the Year, 1710; and the same was received, and read

Mercurii, 30 0 dieNovembris\ the First time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second time. Anno 8* Anna* Regime, 17091

Prayers.

Attham’s A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act d\. to enable Peyton Alt ham, an Infant Trustee, to join in suffering a common Recovery, or levying a Fine, of an Estate in EJJitx, as if he were of full Age, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Arrears of Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the Houset that he was

commanded by her Majesty to lay before them a Me-rgHDcnts. which hath been lately presented to her Majesty

by Monsieur Vryberg, in relation to the Pay of the 13 'Dutch Regiments, who served in the last War.

And he presented the same to the House, together with a Translation thereof.

And the Title thereof was read.

The Translation of the said Memorial is as followeth; viz.

Madam,

IT is not without great Concern, that the under-written Envoy Extraordinary from the States General of the United Provinces finds himselfobliged, byexprefs Orders from their High and Mightinesses, to trouble your Majesty again, to implore your Justice and Goodness, in Favour of the Thirteen Regiments of the States, which served the Crown of England the last War, that they may at last obtain the Payment of their Arrears. It is now the Twelfth Year, that they have solicited and expected it, not without great Loss, and the Ruin of some honest Families, which are interested in it. It would be very unnecessary for the said Envoy to lay again before your Majesty the great and faithful Services, performed by those Troops in your Realms: They are very well known, and the States have often represented them to your Majesty: Besides, the Validity of their Pretensions is such, as to be no more subject to any Doubt, or Contest, since their Accounts, after a long Examination, have been Yol. 16.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Army Army, &r. and Transport Debentures, in behalf of themselves, and Debenture*, the rest of the Proprietors thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there has not been any Principal paid on any of the said Debentures, but such, as have been funk by Putchafe of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and the remaining unsatisfied Debentures amount to about £. 960,000, for which Provision has been made by Parliament only for the InterCll, at/. 3 per Cent, to Ckrifim as, 1707; but no Provision being made lor the Principal, or remaining Interest, has occasioned a Discount thereupon, of 30 per Cent, which is not only an unspeakable Prejudice to the Petitioners, but a very great Discredit to the publick Funds in general: And praying, that effectual Provision may be made for Payment of the Debt due to the Petitionets, according to the Act of Parliament, of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for making good Deficiencies, and preserving the publick Credit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Money Majesty, that Ihe will please to give Directions to the granted for proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of s*r" what Money hath been annually granted by Parliament for the Service of the Navy, and what has been annually issued upon the several Heads thereof, since her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Crown

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House (according to Order) relblved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for grant- LandT*x-ing an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1710.

3 M Mr.

3^ 3°° Novembris. — i0 Decembris. A. 1709.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made tome Progrets in the Bill; and had directed liim to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, I. die Decembris;

Anno 8* Annae Reginae, 1709.

Praters.

THE House being informed, that the Commissioners Transport of Transports attended, they were called in, and, Debt, at the Bar (according to Order) presented to the House,

An Account of the State of the Debt for transporting her Majesty’s Forces, since the Beginning of the present War, as it flood upon the 30th Day of September, 1709.

And being withdrawn;

The Title of the said Account was read.

And the Account is as followeth; viz.

s.

d.

THERE is due, by the Register, for Transport Bilk, issued out, and numbered to be paid in Course, for Freight of Shipping, Provisions, and other Necessaries, from the First of March, 1706, to the 30th of September, 1700; viz.

£. s. d.

For Freight of Shipping, hired by the Month, to transport her MajestyY)

Forces to Portugal and Spain.....- - - j 394.447 4

For Hay, Oats, Bread, Beer, Cheese, Calk, Bedding, Cabins, Cradles,}

Stabling, and other Necessaries - - - - S 4)9 5 4

For Freight of Ships, which transported her Majesty’s Forces to Flanders )

this Year ----- .....j 3 >7 97 3 4

----- ,423,151 9 —

For Interest of the above Transport Bills to the 30th of September, 1709 - 38,083 10 —

Oyer and above which, there is also remaining due, for which no Transport Bills have yet been numbered, or issued out; viz.

For nine Ships, hired in Ireland, which have transported her Majesty’s Forces to Portugal) and Spain, and are discharged the Service, whole Accounts are not yet adjusted - - j ^’4

For 139 Ships, hired at London, Portsnouth, and Lisbon, by the Month, to transport her}

Majesty’s Forces to Portugalaod Spain, Ninety-seven of which were running in Pay upon the> 121,766 19 4

30th September, 1709 ----- 3

The Debt for Transport Service, upon the 30th September, 1709, amounting to -Towards which, there is remaining in the Hands of the Receiver and Paymaster for Trans-. ports, in Tallies; viz.

On Malt Duties for the Year, 1707 On the Land Tax for 1708

On the half Subsidies, &V. for 1708 On the Land Tax for 1709

£ s~

40.000 -

27,721 8 4}

29,687 10 9

17.000 -

586,468 9 7

114,408 19 2

Tranlptort Office, > November, 30, 1709. 3

Remains

I- 472»°59 10 4

Samuel Atkinson» Nick. Roop, 7ho. Colby.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ailelbury Ordered, That Mr. E have Leave to withdraw

Election, his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of AUesbury, in the County of Bucks.

Ailefbury Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ailefbw in the County of Bucks, in the room of Sir John Baronet, who, since

he was elected for the said Borough, hath been made a Colonel in her Majesty’s Army.

Supply Bill; A Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt Duties, Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the *c. Year 1710, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision, for satisfying the ' Deficiency of the Money upon the Register upon the

Act, for granting the said Duties, which expired the 23d Day of June last.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to prohibit the Ex- Exporting portation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Corn‘ Starch, low Wines, and Spirits, drawn from malted Corn, be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches Hackney do lay before this House, a Copy of the By-laws by them Coach made, for regulating Hackney Coaches. ye" *’

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine. Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report Law*, to the House, what are fit to be revived, and continued;

And it is referred to Mr. Dolben, Mr. Farrer, Sir fVm. Ashhurfi, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Mountague, Sir IVm.

IVythers, Mr. Chafe, Sir Fran. Masham, Lord Mayor,

Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Onslow,

Lord Lumley, Mr. Hillerfdon, Mr. Freeman, Sir 7ho.

Wheat, Mr. Foley, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Paget Mr. Buckingham, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Smelt, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Guidot, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Fox, Mr. Page, Mr. Duncomb; and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clodk, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and they are to fit de die in diem.

The

8 Ann.

i8 — 2° — 30 Decembris.

231

Supply.

.Arrears of

Dutch

Regiments.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Air. Sf>eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

to which the Consideration of the Memorial of Mon* sieur Fry betge, is referred.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Peyton , an Infant

Trustee, to join in suffering a common Recovery, or levying a Fine, of an Estate in as if he were of full Age, be now read a Second time.

The Bid was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Conyers, Mr. , Sir If a. Rebow, Sir Fra. Majfam, Lord Coning sly, Mr. Mr.

Heysham, Sir Waller Tonge, Mr. Montgomery, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Price, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Farrer, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bails, Mr. MountagMr. Lord

Lumles, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mr. Pagit, Sir

IVm. Williams, Mr. 'Topham, Mr. Clavell, Mr. Hamp-

den, and all, that lerve for the Counties of Essex, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Altham’a

Estate,

Supply.

Vexerts, 2° die Decembris;

Anno 8® Annae Reginje, 1709.

Prayers.

MR. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Revived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding 1,126,035. 16 id. be granted to her Majesty, to defray the Charge of maintaining the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay, to serve in Spain and Portugal, or elsewhere, for the Service of the Year 1710.

The fat'd Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-inittee, in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding 26,035. id. be granted to her Majesty, to defray the Charge of maintaining the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay, to serve in Spain and Portugal, or elsewhere, for the Service of the Year 1710.

A Petition of William Miller, John Henry Schiedman,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Prevention prevent all immoderate and excessive Gaming: and that of Gaming, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mp.

Lorends. Lord Wm. Powlett, Lord Sir Joseph

Jekyll, Mr. Cowper, and Sir Peter King, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Withers be added to the Gen- Assize of tlcmen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill to Bread, regulate the Price and Assize of Bread.

The House (according to Order) resolved itfelfinto & Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Band Tax. Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Rfolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itlelfe into a Committee of the whole IIoulc, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TucfJay Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Michael Remy, and Henry Miiler, in behalf of themselves, and Several Commission and Non-commiflaoned Officers, with HunJreds of private Troopers, Dragoons, and Soldiers, of the Thirteen Dutch Regiments, that served in the late War, upon the English Establishraent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner^, who are now settled here, have, at vast Expences, from time to time, continued their Applications to the House of Commons, to recover their Arrears of Subsistence, Cloathing, and for irregular Deductions,

which Air. Pander EJc.h, and others, had occasioned, by J_ sioners, for licensing Hackney Coaches, attended, ^«ach absenting themselves beyond Sea, leaving their Accounts they were called in, and, at the Bar, prefenced to the By*'Lawj' in Confusion: That Mr. John Hallungius, in his printed House, A Copy of the By-Jaws, for the regulating Papers, delivered the last Session of the last Parliament, Hackney Coaches:

Sabbat/, 30 die Decembris;

Anno S° Ann® Regin®, 1709.

Prayers.

F11HE House being informed, that the Commife Hackney

endeavoured (as ftiil he doth) to deprive the Petitioners of their said Arrears, in attempting to get the Money into his Hands, from whence they expert no Returns: And praying, that no Money may be paid to Hallungius, until the Petitioners have passed a general Examination,

And being withdrawn;

The Title of the said Copy was read.

The laid Copy of the By-laws is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect

wherein they doubt not to prove, that his Allegations are the Laws, relating to Hackney Coaches; arid consider, groundless, and that the greatest Part of the Sum de- how they may be better regulated; and report their manded may be saved to the Nation. Opinion therein to the House;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be And it is referred to Air. Farrer, Sir Gilbert referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are Mr. Peyton, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr. Onslow,

to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, Mr. CeciU, Mr. Smith, Mr. MedJitott, Mr. Tophem* Mr.

Vol. 16. Freeman,

Go^P<

23 2 3° — 5° Decembris. A. 1709.

Freeman, Mr. Mordant, Mr. Dolben, Mr.

Mr. Bere, Marquis Lozvden, Mr. Franklyn, Mr. Wort-ley, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Manley, Mr. Coventryand all, that serve

for the County of Middlesex, City of and Borough

of Southwark: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do enquire into the Abuses, committed by Carmen, Draymen, and Chairmen; and consider, how they may be regulated; and report ther Opinion therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Copy of the said By-laws, for regulating Hackney Coaches, be referred to the said Committee.

Rosse

County

Election.

Members Ordeted', That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into

summoned. H'estminster-hall, and Court of Requells, and Places , adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Petition of the honourable George Rojfe, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, for the Shire of RoJJe.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Merits of the said Election and Return, upon Friday, the 20th Day of January next.

Call of tbt House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Tuesday Seven-night; and that the House be then called over, and nothing to intervene: And that such Members, as do not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Exporting An ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Com. Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, low Wine*, and Spirits drawn from malted Corn, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press 2. L. 12, before "Beer" to insert "low Wines, " Spirits."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Rt/ohed, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Walh, drawn from malted Corn.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna,50 Decembris;

Anno 8* Annse Reginse, 1709.

Prayers.

Committee. QRDER ED, That all Committees be revived.

Berks A Petition of the High Sheriff, her Majesty’s

-f*Dttdtt- Justices of the Peace, anti Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, assembled at the Assizes, held at Abingdon, for the County of Berks, the First Day of August, 1709, and also of several other Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the same County, was presented to the House, and read; setting 15

forth, that the Lands in the said County are generally Freehold, which may be so secretly conveyed, that ill-disposed Persons have it in theif Power to commit Frauds* and frequently so do, to the utter Ruin of many Persons, who have pUrchafed, or lent Money upon, such Lands, by making prior and secret Conveyances, and Incumbrances, to the great Discouragement of Trade, and the Sale of Land: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the publick regillering of ail Deeds* Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County of Berks’, and also for the Inrolment of all Bargains and Sales of all such Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and also, that the Officer, for keeping the said Registry, may be, from time to time, chosen by the Gentlemen of the said County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir John Stonehouse, and Mr. Nevill, do prepare, and bring

in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace* and Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, and Freeholders, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at IVailing ford, for the County of Berks, the 4th Day of Anno

Domini 1709, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Lands in the said County are generally Freehold, and may be so secretly conveyed, or mortgaged, by ill-disposed Persons, that many times Persons, who have bought, or lent Money thereupon, have been defrauded by prior Conveyances, and Securities, to their utter Ruin; which Grievances may be remedied by erecting a Register, within the said County, of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, and Instruments, that may affect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; it being found by Experience, that in foreign Countries, as well as in those Parts of Great Britain, which have a Register, such Frauds are prevented, and the Value of Lands, and Trade, increased: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that may affect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County of Berks.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, acr cording to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir John Stonehouse, and Mr. Nevill, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1710;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for better preserving the Credit of the Exchequer Bills for £. 400,000, Part of the Sum, not exceeding £.612,739, agreed by the general Court of the Bank of England to be circulated, pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament in that behalf; and for better enabling the Bank of England to circulate all the Exchequer Bills under their Care or Charge.

Mr. Walpole presented to the House, by her Majesty’s Command, An Account of some Extraordinaries of the War, not provided for by Parliament, as far as they have hitherto been adjusted.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

FOR

Berk* Regiftiy of Deed*

Supply Bill Land Tax,

Army Extras.

8 Ann'.

5® Decemlris.

FOR t’.c Kxrraordinary Charge of Waggon-money, Forage-money, Recruit-money, Douceur?, and other Extrr.crdinarics, of the foreign Troops, in the Pay of her Majesty and the States General, in the Low Countries, exceeding what hath been allowed upon the respective Establishmentr, or otherwne granted, for the said Troops - -

To the extraordinary Charge of the Hospitals in the Lozv Countries, occasioned by the great Numbers of Sick and Wounded, lent into Hospitals from the Battles and Sieges, and the excessive Dcarnclsof all Sorts of Provisions in the Two lad Years -

The extraordinary Charge of the Prisoners in France and Spain, exceeding the Savings upon the Pay of the discontinued Regiments, to the 24th of April, 1709, will amount, by Computation, to ——

Paid upon Bills of Exchange, drawn from Alicant the 19th of 1708, by Major

General Richards, Brigadier Sybourg and Colonel for laying in Provisions, and other

Necessaries, before the French laid Siege to that Place -

For 11S Days full Pay for the Earl of Rochfos Regiment (the private Men and non-commissioned Officers dismounted) from the 27th of being the Day the said Regiment

embarked from Ireland for Spain, to the 22d Decem, 1709, both inclusive, at £. 20. ys. 8 per Day, is ——

Memorandum:This Regiment was dismounted in Ireland, and (ent into Spain without their Horses, which mud be bought in Spain; but an Account of the Charge is not yet come over.

For completing the Pay of the Second Officers, to the 23d December next, over and above the12,000 given by Parliament -

For Money, expended upon Account of the intended'Expedition to the West Indies For her Majesty’s Bounty-money for the Volunteers, and impressed Men, raised pursuant to the lait recruiting Aid, being 40 s.each Man, over and above the Levy-money charged to the several Regiments ——

To the Commissioners Clerks, for their Reward, for the like Number, at 5;. Man For the extraordinary Expence of green and dry Forage, for Five Regiments of Dragoons in North Britain -

Expences of the War, not yet incurred; viz.

For the Fay of the said Second Officers, from the 23d of December next, upon Account -

For the Pay of a Lieutenant Governor, and other Officers, for the Garilcn of the Cadle of Si.Philip, in Port Mahon, for the Year 1710, at £.4.10 id. per Day ——

d.

10,000 — —

1,645 10 10

For her Majesty’s Proportion, being one Moiety, of the Charge of extraordinary Forage, and Carriages, provided for the Forces in Flanders, in the Service of her Majesty, and her Allies, this Winter, occasioned by the excessive Prices and Dearness of Provisions, upon Account

.233

> s, d.

66,018 19 — 28,906 9 8 30,000 — - — 2,000 — —

2,417 — 8

12,058 9 6 12,030 16 2

12,490 — — 1,561 5 —

I 5,846 -

i73»3a9 ----- k

11,645 10 10 50,000 -

234,974 10 io£

An ABSTRACT, shewing the Disposition of the Two Sums following, granted last Session of Parliament,

(or Services of the War in the Low j viz.

For the Troops of Augmentation Anno 1709 -

For the extraordinary Charge of Forage, Carriages, (Ac. upon Account

£> d.

220,000 -

50,000 ——

Disposition.

For the Fay of the said Troops of Augmentation, from the respective Days of their entering into Service, to the lad of December, 1709, N. S. together with their extraordinary Expences -

For her Majesty’s Share of the extraordinary Charge of Forage, Carriages, Bread, and Bread Waggons, to the End of the Campaign 1708, by rrafon of the Length and Lateness of laid Campaign - For her Majesty’s Share of the extraordinary Charge of Forage, and Carriage of the same, during the Winter Quarters, 1704- -

To the F.nphjJi Foot, in consideration of the Length of the Campaign 170S, towards providing Camp Equipage for the Soldiers - For the Pay of several General Officers, Aidsde Camp, and Majors of Brigade, of her Majesty’s Subject Troops in for the Years 1708

a nd 1709, according to their Commissions, and the Pods, wherein they serve, for which they had no Provision upon the Establishment, or Edimates - For the Horles, lod by the English Horse and Dragoons in the Low Countries, in the Campaigns 1707 and 1708 -

£. S. d.

126,856 10 —

49,288 2 3 53,882 13 5

4,067 8 6

18,686 to — 2,020 -

270,000 — —

254,801 4 2

Vox’. 16.

3 N

Remains,

2 J4 5° — 6° — 7° — 8° Decembris. A. 1709.

jC

Remains, towards answering the Demands of the English Horse and Dragoons, for Horses loft in the Battle near Mm, and some other extraordinary Charges and Expences, incurred in the last Campaign, not demanded of Parliament by reason the Accounts for the same have not beto examined, and proved * - 15,198 15 10

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Land Tax. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the- Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer topk the Chair of the Committee-.

Mr. Speaker nefumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House wifi please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-monosV Morning.

Supply Bill; - Resolved, That this House will,'upon Friday Morning

Malt Duties, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, &c- upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum-, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1710.

of the Navy, and what has been annually issued on the several Heads thereof, since her Majesty's happy Accession to the Crown; and that her Majesty had commanded him to signify to the House, that she had given Directions to the proper Officers, to lay the same before the House, as desired.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 7* die Decembris;

Anno 8* Ann* Regina, 1709.

Prayers.

/yRDERE D, That the Committee, who are ap- Hackney pointed to inspect the Laws, relating to Hackney Coach Coaches, and consider how they may be better regulated, ®ye'l*wl-do fit de die in diem.

Ordered, That Mr. Price, Mr. Chambers, and Mr.

Shakerly, be added to the said Committee.

Southampton

Writ

Hackney

Coach

Bye-laws.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Senthampton, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Lord Viscount,

now Earl of Portland.

Qiderti, That Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mountarue, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Campion, Mr. Sir Robert

Mr. Denton, Sir Fra. Maffam, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Ball,

be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to hftpeft the Laws relating to Hackney Coaches, and consider how they may be better regulated.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

-The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

jfovisj 8° die Decembris;

Anno 8® Annse Reginae, 1709,

Supply*

Martisy 6° die;

Anno 8* Anna Regina, 1709.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; A/TR. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Land Tax. J.VX Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1710, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon die Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Address. Address had beeft prefenred to her Majesty, That Ihe wotald be pteased to give Direction to the proper Officers, to by before this House, an Account of what Money hath been annually granted by Parliament for the Service

21

Prayers.

MR. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom Altham'* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ettat*. Act to enable Peyton Altham, an Infant Trustee, to join in suffering a common Recovery, or levying a Fine, of an Estate in Essex, as if he were of full age, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at. the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, her Majesty’s Justices Wilb of the Peace, and Gentlemen of the grand Jury, af- jkgj y sembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Marlborough, in the County of , the 4th Day of October, Anno Domini 1709, and of several of the Justices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen, and Freeholders of the same County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Lands in the said County are generally Freehold, and may, and sometimes are, so secretly conveyed by ill-disposed Persons, that several, who have purchased Lands, or lent Money thereon, have been undone by prior and secret Conveyances, and Incumbrances: And praying, that Leave may be given to

bring

Africa

life

Vb

hit.

J

9'

8 Ann.

:o

African

Trade.

ii.rbf

U*j*

brs-in

8° — 9° De,

435

bring in a Bill fur the publick registering of all Deeds, Wills, Conveyances, and other Incumbrance^ that shall be made of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County of Wilts, and alto for the Inrolment of all Bargains and Sales thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Richard How, Sir Charles Hedges, Mr.

and Mr. Di/lon, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of divers Merchants of , Traders to Africa, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Well-being and Support of the British Plantations in America wholly depends upon their being well supplied with Negroes from which mull

have funk long since, had they not been well furnished by the Petitioners and other separate Traders; but that

yenerisy g° dig D j Anno 8* Anna Region, 1703.

pRAtEHS.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Chafe have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary a. Occasions,

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Vifl Lord count Grand ism, was presented to the House, and read; Grandison's

letting forth, that by A d of Parliament, passed in the Eftale-12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King for settling the Estate of the Petitioner’s Mother (then Katherine Frtz Gerald Killers) and railing of Money fqr Payment of Debts, and better securing the Portions of her Five younger Children, a Term of 500 Years, of the Lands therein mentioned, is vested in Trustees, for

Trade is now in great Danger of being loft, by means raising 4i000 and interest, to be paid to the Riffiop of the Royal African Company, who do not pay their of antl Conner: That Lieutenant General Stuart fs Debts, nor carry on the Trade, nor support their Settlements, nor protect the separate Traders; and by their present Circumstances they remain only in a Capacity to oppress the Petitioners, and others, andobftrud the Trade in general: And praying, that the House will take the present State of the African Trade into Consideration, and establish it free and open to all her Majesty's Subjects,

in such Manner, as to the House shall leem meet-; ____ ______

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that night, resolve itself into a Commits of the whole jy/r and Mr. Counts do prepare, and bring

House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

intitled to the said/. 4,000 and Interest, having paid the same to the Bishop of and there is now

£.960 due for Interest, which the Petitioner is unable to pay, but by Sale of Part of the said Estate, where to he has a Property: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale cf lo much of the said Estate, as may satisfy the said £.4,960.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to l*nd Tax. j,cr Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, f»r the Service of the Year 1710, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Cirmcester Then the House proceeded (according to Order) to the Eledwn. hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Ctrencester, in the County upon the Petition

of several of the Inhabitants of the said Borough.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petition was again read, and Counsel heard thereupon; and several Witnesses on both Sides examined.

j And the Counsel and Witnesses, being directed to

withdraw;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

pnoposed. That the Inhabitants of the Abby, th

and Spiringate-lane(not receiving Alins) have a Right to

vote in electing Members, to lerve in Parliament for the

Borough of Cirencester\

'* The previous Question was put, That that Question

be now put.

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

, c . v CLord Wm. Powlet I, V

Tellers for the Yeos.J Mf j r35.

Tellers for the Noes.J^J; ""f J 116.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That the Inhabitants of the Abby, the Emery, and Spiringate-lane (not receiving Alms) have a Right to vote in electing Members to lerve in Parliament lor the Borough i Ctrencester;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further hearing’the Merits of the said Election be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vo 1. 16.

A Petition of Anthony Freft on, Esquire, commonly Lord called Lord Viscount Gormanjton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; letting E forth, That Jenico Lord Viscount Gormanfton, the Petitioner’s Uncle, being seised in Fee of several Lands in the said Kingdom, settled the same upon Trustees, to the Use of himself, for Life, Remainder to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male, Remainder to , the Petitioner’s elder Brother, for Life, Remainder to his first and other Sons, Remainder to the Petitioner, for Life, Remainder to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male^ Remainders over, but subject to a Rent-charge of £.$co a Year, to his then Wi fe Margaret;for her Life, who is still living, and is now married to Colonel Butler, Jenin, the Uncle being dead without Mile Male, and Jenico, tbp Petitioner’s Brother, being also dead without Issue Male, and the Petitioner has Mue, Sons, who are Infants: That the said Premisses were with-held from the Petitioner’s Brother, from the Year 1690; by means whereof, and a long Law-suit, the said Rent-charge became in Arrear, and Colonel Butler distrained the Petitioner’s Estate for the fame, but hath since entered into Articles, to accept £-3'35° with Interest at £. 8 per Cent, and £.250 per Annum, for his Wife’s Life: which will be much for the Advantage of all Persons concerned; who are also consenting, that an Act of Parliament should pals, for Sale of (bme Part of the said Estate for that Purpose, there being a much greater Sum, than the^. due to the ft id Colonel Butler: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling a competent Part of the Petitioner’s late Uncle’s Estate in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debt, due to the said Colonel Butler, without which the same cannot well be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Farrer, and the Lord Coningsby, do 1 prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Grand Jury, Seven-oak? and other Gentlemen, of the County of Kent, at the Hoads. General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Maidstone on Tuesday, the 4th Day of October, Anno 1709, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Highways between Riverhi/l, in the Parish of Seven-oaks, to Tunbridge Wells, in the Parish of Speldburjl, in the Couoty of Kent, being Ten Miles in Length, are unpayable

t

2^6 9 — iO* Decembris.A. 1709.

passable for Travellers, by reason of the Badness of the Roads, notwithstanding great Sums of Money have been laid out towards repairing the fame, besides two A ffeAments of 6 d. in the Pound each, levied on the Inhabitants; and yet they are not likely to be sufficiently . repaired, without a greater Sum be advanced for that k Purpose, which the inhabitants of the said Parishes are not liable to by the present Laws, many of them being impoverished, and unable to contribute thereto t And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

creating a Turnpike on some Part of the said Highways, for the better repairing thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir 1‘ho. Palmer, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Marsham, Sir Henry Furnefe, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the Bill.

Yard’s A Petition of Joan Ya, Widow, on behalf of Gilbert

Eftat*. Yard, an Infant, Son and Heir of Gilbert Yard, of

leigh, in the County of D, Esquire, her late Hu (band, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Gilbert Yard, deceased, charged Part of his Fee-simple Estates, in the said County, with the Payment of his Debts, and also with younger Childrens Portions; which^being subject to prior Incumbrances, are not sufficient to discharge the lame, moll of the Debts being upon Bond, binding the Heir at Law, and will eat out the other Part of the said Estate, before the

tfeir at Law will come at Age, if not timely provided for: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Fee-simple Estates of the said Gilbert Yard, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, Portions for his younger Children, and Incumbrances thereupon, and reserving the Surplus for the Heir at Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Wm. Pole and Mr. Farrer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

African A Petition of the Planters, and Inhabitants, of the

Trade. Ill and of Barbadoes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Commodities of the said Island are produced chiefly by the Labour of Negroes, and imported into European Markets cheaper, and dearer,

accordingly, which chiefly depends on the Number of Traders to Africa: That the laying open the Trade to Africa hath been of great Benefit to the Petitioners, whereby they have been admitted to fend thither for Negroes, who before were forced to buy only of the African Company, at such Prices, and Qualities, as they pleased to impose on the Buyer: That the Petitioners are of opinion, ’twill be the Interest of England in general, that the Trade to Africa be free and open, so that Negroes may be brought to the Plantations in the greatest Plenty, the rather, because the Number of Negroes in the said Island is very much diminished since the present War: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may remain free and open to all the Subjects of Great Britain, under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Exporting The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Corn. to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Wash, drawn from malted Corn, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; The ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, Land Tax. to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service or the Year 1710, was (according to Order) read. the Th rd time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to lie raised by a Land 1’ax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Supply, the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, be received . Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tv.efclay Morning Supply Bill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dutie*. upon the Bill for charging and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Churchill., Sir Richard Farrington, Hackney Mr. Pocklington, Sir Wm. Daines, Mr. , Colonel ^onf.h

Yates, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Mr. Mervin, ye’ttW*'

Mr. Hillerfden, Mr. Chandler, Sir WaYong, Sir Cope, be added to the Committee, appointed to inlVffc the Laws, relating to Hackney Coaches, and consider how they may be better regulated.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatic 10° die Decembris;

Anno 8# Annx Reginae, 1709.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Altham’a to enable Peyton Altham, an Infant Trustee, to join in suffering a common Recovery, or levying a Fine, of an Estate in Essex, as if he were at full Age, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Wallingford Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Elt, aum‘ Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Farrer (recording to Order) reported from the Supply* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.234,974. for. io{d. be granted to her Majesty, to defray some extraordinary Charges of the War, not yet provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.49,357. 17 be

granted to her Majesty, for Payment of one Year’s Interest of the unsatisfied Debentures, charged upon the Irish Forfeitures.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.144,000, be granted to her Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of transporting Land Forces.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £. 2,000, be graated to her Majesty,

8 Ann.

i o* — - 120 Detemiris.

*31

Majesty, for the Charge of circulating the oM Exchequer Then a Motion biing made, and the Question being

Bills for another Year. put, That Charles Coie, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess,

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, of;

agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Farrar also acquainted, the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for adjusting, and farisfying, the Debt, due to the Thirteen Dutch Regiments, that remain unsatisfied.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for adjusting.

The House divided: The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.

CMr. Campion

*$Mr. Stratigewayes:

93

ftpply Bill; Laiid Tax.

m ii e l Vr (Sir Cha. Hotham, 7

Tellers for the Noes,’ Mr j 130.

So it passed in the Negative.

That the late Election of BurgefleS, to serve and satisfying, the Debt, due to the Thirteen Dutch Regi- in this present Parliament for the said Borough of ments, which remain unsatisfied

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Ho ford

and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1710, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Cirenwfler

UeCuou.

after, is a void Election.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lun<e> 1 20 dieDecembris;

Anno 8* Annas Regina;, 1709.

Pit AVERS.

f)RD ER ED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ

W

to

The House proceeded in the further hearing of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of drencher, in for the eJeding Two Burgesses to serve in this present

the County of Gloucester. Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester, in <h£ County

Counsel on both Sides were called in; and some Wit- of Gloucester, in the room of Allen Baihurst, Esquire, artd nesses were called in, and examined, on the Part of the Charles Cox, Esquire, whole Election has been judged to Petitioners. be void.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being directed to

Cirencester

Writ,

withdraw;

Soy.i Atftot A Message was brought from her Majesty by Mr. Aston, to Bill*. Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great , for the Service of

the Year <710:

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flolir, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Wash, drawn from malted Corn:

An Act to enable Pqtcn an Infant Tluftee, to

join in fufleringa common Recovery, or levying a Fine, of an Estate in Essex, as if he were of full Age.

Ordered, That Sir Stephen Leonard be added to the Seven Oak*

Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing the Highways between in the Parish

of Seven Oaks, to Tonbridge Wells, in the Parish of hurst, in the County of Kent.

A Petition of Henrica Berrie, Widow, bn behalf of herself, and of Dorothy Berrie, and Heifiittla Beirie, Infants, Daughters of the said Henrica Berrie, was prfe-fented to the House, and read; letting forth, that Bertie, the Petitioner's late Husband, bting seised in Fee of the Manor of Berrienarber, and other Premises, in the Counties of Devofl arid Glamorgan, mortgaged the greatest

Part of the same to John Davie, Esquire, for securing ,£.4,500 and Interest, at/. 6. per Cent, and did also mortgage the whole Remainder of the Premises to James Courtney, Esquire, For /.241 and Interest, and did afterwards a Second time mortgage the last-mentionedPremifei to John Keir, Gentleman, for /. 200 and Interest, and also contracted divers other Debts, by Judgments, Bonds, and otherwise, amounting to about /.

Hoad*.

rVrrie'*

Eilat*.

Cirtocester

Kltfliou.

Cand]

e».

2,000, all

which remain unflttisfied, his peflbnal Estate amounting

Tl . , - 1 , > . to about/.400, and the Money, due oh the real Estate,

Then the Hotfe preceded ,n thedurlhcr hearing being ne* 7hcfu)J Va|uc the JJof: Xhat Mf. ir|

ion oroi.g o rgneefier.Match last entered on the Premises, mortgaged to him,

and the Lid Courtenay and Keir threaten to do the like as to the Premises mortgaged to them; and no Provision being made for the Petitioners, in the Life-time of the said Benie, they are likely to be deprived of Subsist-£nc£, unless the Premises in the said Three Mortgages be Ibid. to pay his Debts, which his personal Estate will

the Merits of the Election for the Borough

And the Counsel were again called in; and several Witnesses were called in, and examined, on both Sides.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being directed to withdraw:

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And then the Counsel were again called in, and several hot extend to pay, and which cannot be done Without other Witnesses were called in, and examined; and the Act of Parliament, by reason of the Minority of the said

Counsel on both Sides were heard.

And the Counsel, and Witnessls, being withdrawn; And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Allen Bathurfi, Esquire, is duly elected a Bur-

Infahts; And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting the said Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for paying of the said Three Mortgages, and other Debts of the said Tho. Berrie, and for laying out the

gefs, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough surplus Money for the Benelit of the said Widow, and of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester $ u"" r’ w.

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, Sfjlier,

Tellers for, he

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. lfi.

97-

}'3*

her Two Daughters.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Mervin, Mr. Farrer, and Mf. Guidott, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Burchett (Secretary of the Admiralty) ffotn th£ FiagOflkers. Commissioners, for executing the Office of Lord High-

2 O Admiral

ii° Decemb

438

Admiral of Great Britain (according to Order) presented

to the House, A Lift of the Names of all the Flag Officers at the Time of her Majesty’s Accession to the Throne, and also of all those, who have been appointed Flag Officers since that Time, to the 28th Day of November, 1709; with an Account of the several Allowances to them made, or to be made, out of the Money, granted by Parliament for the Service of the Navy.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A., 1709.

Mr. Lowndes, Secretary of the Treasury (according Grants for to Order) presented to the House, An Account of what Ser-Money hath been annually granted by Parliament for the Vice-Service of the Navy, and what hath been annually issued upon the several Heads thereof, since her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Crown, to wit, for the Years 1702, 1703,

1704, 1705, 1706, 1707; 1708, and 1709; made up, and dated, to Michaelmas, 1709.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is in the preceding; Sheet annexed.

Am A C COU NT of what Money hath been annually granted by Parliament for the Service of the Navy, and what hath been annually issued upon the several Heads thereof, since her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Crown, to wit, for the Years 1702, 1703, 1704, 1705, 1706, 1707, 1708,2nd 17095 made up, and stated, to Michaelmas, 1709.

For the Year 1702.

Ordinary of the Navy -

Wages, including Marines, with other Contingencies -

Victualing -

Wear and Tear -

Ordnance, Sea Service -Towards the Debt to Sick and Wounded, being taken in Proportion out of the Four Heads first above mentioned- -

Total - -

For the Year 1703.

Ordinary of the Navy

Wages, including Marines - -

Victualing -

Wear and Tear -

Ordnance, Sea Service -

Total - -

For the Year 1704.

Wages, including Marines -

Victualing -

Wear and Tear -

Ordnance, Sea Service -

Ordinary of the Navy - -

Memorandum: No Sum voted particularly for the Ordinary of the Navy in this Year 5 so the Charge thereof was taken out of the other Heads in Proportion.

Total - - £.

For the Year 1705.

Ordinary of the Navy -

Wages, including Marines -

Victualing -

Wear and Tear -

Ordnance, Sea Service -

Ditto, for a further Supply of Stores - Ditto, towards the Wharf and Storehouse at . ? ortfmouth -

Total - - £.

For the Year 1706.

Ordinary of the Navy -

Wages, including Marines -

Victualing -

Wear and Tear -

Ordnance, Sea Service -

Moneys annually granted by Parliament. Suing issued, to Michaelmas, 1709. Complements unpaid at Michaelmas, 1709.

1. s. d. £ d. £

129,314 10 3 114,500 — — 14,814 10 3

772,086 9 8J 488,988 2 if 683,930 9 25 488,988 2 1# 88,156 — ,6£

694,877 16 8^ 102,944 17 3$ 522,082 9 102,944 17 3i ,72»795 7 8‘

21,102 14 16,063 9 5>°37 4 5

2,209,314 10 3 1,928,511 7 4i 280,803 a iof-

129,314 10 3 87,000 42,314 10 3

780,000 621,092 7 2 158,907 12 10

494,000 494,000 I9T’54I >7

702,000 510,458 2 — f

104,000 73,320 19 3i 30,679 — 8*

2,209,314 10 3 1,785,871 8 6^ 423,443 1 8i

73,5°7 1 2 463,287 16 — i 685,*55 7 1 463.287 16 — i 46,351 14 1

658,356 7 — i 483.780 19 6i *74.575 .7 5*

97>534 5 6 82,098 14 3 *5.435 3

129,314 10 3 75,000 — — 54,314 10 3

2,080,000 1,789,322 16 ui 290,677 3

100,080 100,000 9,14.6 18 10

780,000 — — 770,853 1 t

494,000 494,000 221,715 18 11

702,000 — 480,284 1 1

104,000 103,850 150 — —

40,000 — — 20, CC0 20,000

10,000 — — 5,000 — 5,000

2,230,000 L973.987 2 3 956,012 17 9

120,000 780.000 — — 494.000 — — / *10,551 780.000 494.000 , 9,449 — —

702,000 — — 647.953 10 11 54,046 9 1

104,000 — — r 85,000 — — . 19,000 — — Ditto,

c

8 Ann.

i 2* D'ecembris.

239

Ditto, towards the Wharf and Storehouse at Portsmouth -

Ditto, for Stores for Eight new $hips -

Moneys annually grantc<ll Sums issued, to

by Parliament. Michaelmas, 1709.

s. d.

s. d.

10,000 — 18,23817

5.000 —

5.000 —

Total - - £.2,228,238 17 4 2,127,504 10 it

Complements unpaid at Michael mar, 1709.

£ S0 dm

5,000 — — 13,23817 4

For the Year 1707.

Ordinary of the Navy -

Wages, including Marines -

Victualing -

Wear and Tear -

Ordnance, Sea Service - Ditto, towards the Wharf and Storehouse at Portsmouth -

120.000 -

780.000 — —

494,coo -

702.000 — —

104.000 — —

10,000 — —

120,000 -

780,000 — —

494.000 -

702.000 -

104,000 -

10,000 -

Total

- £. 2,210,000 ----- 2,210,000 — —

For the Year 1708:

Ordinary of the Navy -

Wages, including Marines -

Victualing -

Wear and Tear -

Ordnance, Sea Service - Ditto, towards the Wharf and Storehouse at Portsmouth -

1-20,000 -

780.000 — —

494.000 — —

702.000 -

104.000 — —

114,800 — —

780.000 -

494.000 — —

608,544 — 9

104.000 — —

100,734 6 5

5,200 -

93.455 *9 3

10,000

— 1 10,000 —

Total - - £.2,210,000 ----- 2,111,344 — 9

For the Year 1709 Ordinary of the Navy Wages, including Marines Victualing -Wear and Tear Ordnance, Sea Service

120,^00 -

780.000 — —

494.000 -

702.000 -

104.000 — —

67.993 2 —

534,124 19 Ilf

494,000 -

07,596 8 II

478,250 —

98,655 19

Total - - £.

Ordinary of the Navy -

Wages, including Marines -

Victualing -

W ear and Tear -

Ordnance, Sea Service -Towards the Debt to Sick and Wounded Ordnance, for a further Supply of Stores Ditto, for Stores for Eight new Ships - -

Ditto, for the Whart and Storehouse at Portsmouth -

Memorandum: There remains in the Hands of the Navy, and Ordnance, (undry Tallies, which (as Money can be raised on them at Par) will be applied towards lessening the Complements unpaid, which amount to £. 1,978,362. os. as aforesaid; therefore to be deducted out of the fame; viz.

Tallies on the Act for Sale of reversionary Annuities, Anno 1705 -Tallies on the f Subsidies, and other Navy. Duties, pro Anno 1708 -

Tallies on the Land Tax, pro Anno 1709 Tallies on reversionary Funds in general Mortgage, pro Anno 1709 -

Ordnance.

1

2,200, COO 1,671,964 10 lO.j f 528,035 9 if

I Animal Grant?. 1 Nims issued. Complements unpaid

17,576,867 17 10 15,598,505 17 7i 1,978,362 —

967,943 1° 9 I Whereof 1 7 s?. 84* 2 — 178,099 8 9

6,'83.593 1° 10f j jAiS: '5* 4 548.437 6 3*

3,916,275 l8 2 i j 5>565'2-H 3 8* 3,916,275 2: 445-.69 9 12 3 1,112,534 11 5*

824,479 733.464 10 10 91,014 11 nf

21,102 14 2> 16,065 9 9I 5»°37 4 5

40,000 — — 20,000 20,000

18,238 17 4 5,0^0 13,238 17 4

40,000 — 30,000 10,000

17,576,867 17 10 i5«598»5°5 *7 7i 1,978,362 — 2f

53*753 -

44.095 3 120,497 14

0

2 f

206,050 12 1

Out of £.36,000 in Tallies on Land Tax, Anno 1709, and £.41,500 in Tallies on Reversionary Funds, for the same Year, the Residue thereof being to be applied to Land Services - -

424,396 9 6f

25.75° -

52,006 18 — -

245.875 ----- i

204,403 11 1

25.75° -

Vol. 16.

Also,

1

34°

13° — 13° Decembris.

A. 1709.

£ I. i-

Also, to be deducted so much, as remains to be received, tto complete the Proportions to the Navy, for the Year 1709, the Payment whereof depends upon the Bank of England's agreeing to the circulating of £.212,739, Residue of £.612,739, for the further Supply, in Exchequer Bills .....J75.737 2 10

And then remains to complete all the Moneys, annually granted for the Service of } the Navy - 1

s. d.

625,8^3 12

i>352>478 7

This Account, by Order of the honourable House of Commons, is humbly presented by

12 December, 1709. Wm.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, in 1 miserable Condition: And praying, that Leave may to be perused by the Members of the House. be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the Lord High Treasurer to perfect such Composition.

Arundell Mr. Compton reported from the Committee of Privi-Election. jeges ancj Elections, pursuant to the Instruction given to the Committee, for examining, whether the Petitions, presented this Session, be the fame, as those, presented the last Session, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Petition of Edmond Dummer, Esquire, complaining of an undue Elediort for the Borough of in the County of Sussex;which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is a* followeth;

That the Committee do find, that both Petitions agree, that George Moor, Mayor of the said Borough, and John Dean, a Commissioner of the Taxes, were Agents for the fitting Member 1

But that the Petition, presented the last Session, alleges, that tome Persons undertook, and promised to save the said Mayor harmless:

And that the Petition, presented this Session, alleges, that tire said Persons promised, and undertook, to lave the said Dean harmless.

Ordered, That, in regard there is a material Difference between the Petition of the said Mr. Dummer, presented this Session, and tire Petition of the last Session, the Committee be discharged from proceeding any further upon the Petition, presented this Session.

Copy Right A Petition of Henry Mortloek, Richard of Booki. Ham Rogers, Daniel Brown, Horne, Jacob

Timothy Goodwin, Benj. Richard Sare, James

Knapton, Beuj. Tooke, Robert Knaplock, Timothy Childe, Richard Mount, Daniel Midwinter, and John Sprint, on behalf of themselves, and other Booksellers, and Printers, in and about the City of London, and elsewhere, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that it has been the constant Usage, for the Writers of Books, to fell their Copies to Booksellers, or Printers, to the end they might hold those Copies as their Property, and eqjoy the Profit of making, and vending, Impfeflions of them; yet divers Persons have of late invaded the Properties of others, by reprinting several Books, without the Consent, and to the great Injury, of the Proprietors, even to their utter Ruin, and the Discouragement of all Writers in any ul’eful Part of Learning: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for securing to them the Property of Books, bought and obtained by them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Worthy, Mr. Compton, and Mr. Fey ton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

p,rke’« Debt A Petition of Mery Parke, Widow, Nicholas Parke, toibeCrown, and Frances Parke, Infants, by the said Mary Parke, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, the Lord High Treasurer was impowered to make Composition with Richard Parke, late of London, Merchant, for a Debt due to her Majesty; but, before the-laid Composition could be perfected, he died, leaving the Petitioners

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to perfect the said Composition, and that Mr. Ward, Sir Gilbert Heathcot, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition*. Compositim* for making any new Composition with any Receivers or fcr ,)eb,s to Collectors, or any Commissioners, or other Officers, or the Cr0WD* their Sureties, for publick Moneys owing by them.

Ordered, That the Agents for Taxes do lay before Land Tax this House, an Account of what each Receiver General Arrears, &c. hath paid into the Exchequer, to this Day, upon the 1 ith and 12th Four Shillings Aid, and of the Arrears of other Land Taxes, and of the Names of the Receivers General for those Times.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Ways and Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Wtau4-Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made (ome Progress in the Matter to them referred; and directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martisy 130 dieD;

Anno 8* Anna: Regina:, 1709*

pBAtXRS.

PETITION of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, Africa* and other Inhabitants, of the Town of , Trad*,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners Trade and Livelihood chiefly depends upon Shipping and Navigation; which has been greatly encouraged by Merchants, trading to Africa, fitting out their Ships from the said Town: That if the African Company should obtain that trade to themselves, exclu-five of other Merchants, the Petitioners will be thereby deprived of any Benefit therein: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may continue open to all her Majesty’s Subjects, regulated in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Sir

Yl’JtM ,£t & M^;r<

‘M

S

s

J

8 Amnt.

i 30 — 140 Decembris.

» €

241

Berks Re*

giftry of Deeds.

Sir John Stonehoujc (according to Order) presented to Vice-chamberlain, Mr. Comptroller, and Mr. Mountague, the House, a Bill for the publick registering all Deeds, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply Bill; ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *)ut‘es' upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Prevention of Gaming*

ftesolution

Sa-rhevereli» Publication*.

of, or that may asse<ft, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Berksj

and the Bill was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hvttgerford (according to Order) presented to the

House, a Bill lor the better preventing of exccfhve and Sir Richard How (according to Order) presented to Wilts immoderate Gaming; and the same was received, and House, a Bill lor the publick registering all Convey- Registryof read the First time. ances, Wills, or other Incumbrances, that shall be made Ueed*

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill be read a of» or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands,

Second time. Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wiltsand the feme was received, and read the First this Day Seven-night. time.

RThat the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, of Two printed Books; the one intituled, "The Communication Mr. (according to Order) presented to the Lord Gor-

" of Sin; a Sermon, preached at the Afiizcs, held at House, a B.U for Sale of Part of the Estate of Anthony manfton'*

" Derby, August the 15th, 1709, by D ><stor Henry Lord Viscount Gormanfton, for Payment of his Debts, Mate‘ "Sacheverell" and the other intituled, "The Perils of and for securing a Jointure, and a Maintenance, for " false Brethren, both in Church and State; set forth in Saret Viscountess in lieu of a Rent-charge,

a Sermon, preached before the Right honourable the payable to her out of the said Viscount’s Estate; and the Bill was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

" Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of , at " the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, on the 5th of " vember, 17091" preached also by the said Dr. Henry

Sacheverell-, and both printed for Henry CL marts: Which Books were delivered in at the Clerk’s Table;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Wallingford Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the El*&iou.

where several Paragraphs in the Epistle dedicatory, pre- Borough of in the County of Berks, be re-

ceding the first-mentioned Book, and also several Para- ceived Tomorrow Morning.

graphs in the latter Book, were read:

Resolved, That a Book, intituled, The Communication of Sin; being a Sermon, preached at the Assizes, " held at Derby, August the 15th, 1709 and a Book, intituled, " The Perils of false Brethcrn, both in Church " and State; set forth in a Sermon, preached before the " Right honourable the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of London, at the Cathedral Church of St. " Paul, on the $th of November, 1709;’’ arc malicious, scandalous, and seditious, Libels, highly reflecting upon her Majesty, and her Government, the late happy Revo-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ways and Means.

The House being informed, that Doctor Henry Sa- SachevereH'a cheverelf, and Henry Clements, attended, according to i®pe»cUm«at. Order;

Doctor Sacheverellwas called in, and at the Bar was

examined, touching the Two Sermons, complained of

at Twelve a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

lution, and the Protestant Successlon, as by Law efta- Yesterday to the House; where he owned the preaching, blithed, and both Houses of Parliament, tending to alie- ‘be directing the printing, and the publiflring, the Serrate the Affcdions of her Majesty’s good Subjects, and mon, preached the 5th of November, 1709* a‘ ‘he Ca-to create Jealousies and Divisions among them. thcdral Church of St. Paul, and the Dedication of it; and

Ordered, That Doctor Henry Sachtvcrell, and Henry a)lo>that ‘be Epistle dedicatory to the Sermon, preached Clements, do attend at the Bar of this House Tomorrow, at the Assizes at Derby, the 15th of 1709, was

agreeable to that, which he put to the Impression of that Sermon, which he directed to be printed, and published; but that the Edition was not what he printed:

And being withdrawn;

He, being called in again, acquainted the House with what, he said, had passed between the Lord Mayor of London, and him, touching the publishing of the Sermon preached the 5th of November, 1709:

And then withdrew.

And a Question being proposed. That the said Dr. Hen. Sacheverell be impeached of high Crimes and Mif-demeanours;

He was called in again, and asked, if he had any thing to offer to the House:

And after being heard, he was directed to withdraw.

That the said Doctor Henry Sacheverell be impeached of high Crimes and Misdemeanours.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do go to the Lords, and at their Bar, in the Name of all the Commons of Great Britain, impeach the said Doctor Henry Sacheverell of high Crimes and Misdemeanours; and acquaint the Lords, that this House will, in due Time, exhibit Ar-

Mercurii, 140 die Decembris;

Anno 8* Annas Regina:, 1709. Prayers.

Navd Stows HE House being informed, that some of the Corn-imported A missioners of the Customs attended, they were (ramRuffia. called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

An Account of naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Christmas, 1708, to Michaelmas, 1709; and also,

An Account of naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Out*ports, from , 1708, to Michael-

mas, 1709:

And being withdrawn:

The Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Ta- tides against the said Dr. Henry Sacheverell.

Faffing

Shtnffa

Acaoaata.

ble, to be petufed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts; and that Mr. Vol. 16.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Articles oflmpeachment against the said Doctor Henry Sacheverell;

» And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. Compton, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Letchmore, Sir Jtfeph Jekyll, Mr. Dolben, Sir Tho. Parker, Mr. Attorney General, Sir

3 P Peter

14* — -150 Decembrh.

A. 17pp.

*4*

Peter K*W> Lord Coningsby, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. tolerably good, told front 30 to f 40 per Head; so that

m,wr X . r a rrr r% am /> I .1 C /^\ A. I-\IAak 4- rntfutTfA flu*

Walpole. IVfr. Cowper, Lord (T/#. Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Thomson, Sir John:

A&J they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perfom, Papers, And Records; and they are to fit die mdiem.

Then Henry Clements was called in, and at the Bar was

they are of Opinion, the only Way, to retrieve this Trade, will be by establishing a Company, with a suffi-cieat joint Stock for carrying on the fame: And praying, that the British Interest on the Coast of Africa may be dFedually preserved, and the Trade put on such Foor, that a sufficient Number of Negroes may be had, on such moderate Terms, as may enable the Petitioners

examined, touching his printing, and publishing, the to carry on the Plantation Trade, to the Advantage of Two Books; which he owned; and that he had the Great

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade'to Africa.

Copies of them from Doctor Sacheverell.

After which he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Dr. Henry be taken

into the Custody of the Serjeant *c Arms attending this House.

R«v. Mr, Hoadlcv re commended

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill-

Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charge- Dtti«,

ing, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, ^c*

and Perry, for the Service of Year 1710.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

T, r, J TI . U u 1 JJ rU Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they

Re/M Tim an humble Addrest be presented lo her had ,brough ,b£ Bi|, made f Ame,/

Majesty, that (be w,h be peroudy pleased to bestow tbama£ ,bich the Jr bad directed bim to,

some Dignity in the Church on the Cud Mr. Hoadlty, for when the House will please io receive the same.

his eminent Services both to Church and State. njw ru, ,l! p,____ , -r

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her

Resolved, That the Reverend Mr. Benjamin Hoadley, Rector of St. Peter's Poor, London, for having often toSjifi1"80 ftr«nu°uflyjuOified the Principles, on which her Majesty, and the Nation, proceeded, in the late happy Resolution, hath justly merited the Favour and Recommendation of this House.

African

Trade.

Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovts, 150 die Decembris;

Anno 8* Anna; Regina:, 1709.

Prayers.

f)RDERED, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of what Ships

Devifai

Writ*

1/

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the cleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Devises, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Paul Methuen, Esquire, who, since he was elected a Burgess for the said Borough, has by her Majesty been appointed one of the Commissioners, for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben, when he goes to the Lords, Rachevei*na to impeach Doctor Henry Sacheverell oihigh Crimes and iwpe*ciu»e*. Mjfdemeanours, do acquaint the Lords, that the said

have been cleared out for Africa, on Account of the Dodtpr Henry SachevereUis in Custody of the Serjeant Royal African Company, and the separate Traders, and what the Duty of Ten ferCent, paid by each of them, has amounted unto, from Michaelmas, 1708, to the First of November, 1709.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Trade do lay before this House, what further Observations they have made, relating to the Trade to Africa, since their last Observations, laid before thi$ House.

Ditt#t A Petition of the Merchant-adventurers of the City of

at Arms attending this House, ready to be delivered to the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod, when the Lords shall please to give Order therein.

Mr. Dolben reported to the House, that he had (pursuant to their Order) been at the Lords, and, at their Bar, had impeached Doctor Henry of high

Crimes and Misdemeaoours; and hadalfo acquainted tha Lords with their other Order.

Mr, Compton, (according to Order) reported from the ^allingM

r r, ‘ ' Eledioa.

Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; setting Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as forth, that the Trade and Well-being of her Majesty’s, it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Be-Plantations wholly depend on the Labour of Negroes, rough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, and the? brought thither from Africa; and since the Ad, 9° WiU Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had lielmi 3", allowing separate Traders, the Plantations have directed him to report to the House: And be read the been so well supplied with Negroes, at reasonable Rates, same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at

that the Trade is greatly increased; but should it be confined to a feled Number of Men, exclusive of aH others, it will raile the Price of Negroes, lose the Plantation Trade, and lessen Navigation: And praying, that the Trade may be free to Africa for all her Majesty’s Subjpds, under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

the Clerk’s Table; where they were read, and are as, follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Edward Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Thomas Renda, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for thd Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks: That the Counsel for the Petitioner insisted, that tho Borough of Wallingford was a Borough by Prescription;

Ditto.

referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are and that the Right of Election for the said Borough is to consider of the Trade to Africa. in the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiv-

A Petition Qf the Planters, and Inhabitants, of her ing Alms, nor any other Charity.

Majesty’s Island apd Colony of Barbadoes, was presented That the Counsel for the fitting Member insisted, that to the Hoqfe, and read; setting forth, that the Trade to the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Aldermen, Bai-Guiney is the most efienrial Support of the British West lifts, and Eighteen Assistants, and in the Inhabitants of india Colonies: That, when the Royal African Company the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, and not received the fofe Trade to Gniney, the Petitioners were suffi- ing Alms.

ciently supplied with Negroes, the bed of which were That the Counsel for the Petitioner, to make good their fold from Lit so L.20 per Head but for several Years Allegation,'produced a Copy of the Resolution of the Par-since the separate Traders have been admitted, they have liamcnf, 1* Wdlielmi et Mar. February 11, 1688

had very flendet Supply, and those Negroes, that are Refolded* That the Right of Electoo of Bur-ax 8*Ues?

8 Ann.

15* Decembris.

243

u geffes, to fore m Parliament for the Borough of IVal-tlngftnl, in the County of Berks, is in the Inhabitants " of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot to the Church and Poor, and in no other:"

And examined Two Witnesses; viz.

Richard Payn, who laid, he had been an Housekeeper

in WoBatgford near 30 Years; and Ralph Norton, who had been a Trader there about 27 Years: They said, they took the Right of Election to be in the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot; but that they never knew any Ai-. derman, or Afliltant, refilled; but believe, none have lived out of the Borough, till within these few Years; and referred to the Charter.

That the Counsel for the fitting Member, to make good their Allegation, produced the Charter of the Corporation; which appeared to be a Charter of Confirmation, granted by King dories the id, in the 15 th Year of his Reign; wherein (among other Things) ie the following Clause; viz.

" We will, and by these Presents do for us, our Heirs and Successors, grant unto the Mayor, Bur-M gestes, and Commonalty, of the said Borough of " ling ford, and their Successors, that from henceforth the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and the said A Aidants,

called the Eighteen, together with such other Persons u of the said Borough, as shall pay Scotland Lor, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, shall and may, from time to time, for ever, as there shall be Occasion, chute, elect, lend, and return, 1 wo dtl-creet and able Persons, to serve a^ Burgesses for the said Borough, in the great Council of Parliament of " this our Realm

And examined Daniel P; who said, he has known the said Borough 40 Years; and named several Persons, who were either Aldermen, or Assistants, who had voted, though they lived out of the B> rough; but admitted, that it was within these Three or Four Years.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Eighteen Assistants, together with the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms, or Charity.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner delivered in a Copy of the Poll; whereby it appeared, that the Numbers were.

For the fitting Member - - 78:

For the Petitioner - - - 54:

Besides Nine, which were entered in the Poll specially; of which Seven were called Clobcut Votes.

One, viz.Tho. Parsons, was entered as a Non-juror.

And one, viz.Christopher Crock, as not being in any

Rate.

As to the seven Clobcut Votes;

Mr. Payn said, that those Votes had been admitted in former Elections, but were sometimes queried; and that he took the Lands to lie out of the Borough; but (kid, they were in one of the Parishes thereof; and that they were all in the Poor's Race, signed by the Mayor:1 And delivered Two Poor’s Rates; one dated July the hdtb, 1705, and signed by himself, as being then Mayor; the other dated September 30th, 1706, signed by Rickard Blackball, who was Mayor that Year: And these Seven Persons were inserted in both those Rates.

As to Thomas Pear fan, Mr. Payn said, he was a con-Icientious Man, and would not take any Oath, but offered to subscribe the Declaration; but he could not say, he was one of those People called Quakers.

That Christopher Crook has a House, and Orchard, in

the Borough, but is not in the Rate, having taken the House after the Rate w'as made.

Thentho Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded to disqualify

Persons, who voted for &e fitting Member, under these several Heads; viz.

Vo l. 16.

ill, Persons, put into the Rates by private Hands 1 2. Persons, who have no Property in the Borough 7

3. As receiving Bishop Laudas Charity - - 7

4. As receiving Sir Tho. Rennet'% Charity - - t

5. As receiving publick Charity, collected in the

Church,

6. As split Votes

7. As bribed Votes

Total

Wallingford

EletUon.

3

28

And they called several Witnesses:

As to the Persons, said to be put into Rates by private Hands;

Francis Burgejfe said, that John Beimel and Tho. Child were left out at the making of the Rate, and put in at the Vestry, m January; and the Election was in February following.

As to the seven Persons, not having any Property in the Borough;

It appeared they all had a Property, or were Aldermen, or Assistants, and so were qualified by the Resolution of the Committee.

As to the Persons, receiving Bishop Lead’s Charity;

Mr. Payne laid, that all of them had either a Son, or D iugbtei, put out Apprentice l>y Bishop Land's Charity, most of them above Seven Years ago.

That feme of these Persons received Part of some Corn, given by Mr. Hacks; but could not say, but several Persons who voted for the Petitioner, received Parr of ti e laid Corn.

As to the Person, receiving Sir Tho. Charity,

viz IVm Lovegrove;

Ralph No>ion said, that the said Love grove married a VPidow, that had a Right to that Chanty; but could not say, that (he had received any Part of it since her Marriage, the said Charity being very ill paid.

As to the Five Persons, receiving publick. Charity;

He said, that the Wives ot Three of them,

Absolon, Tho. Hoar, and Wm. Almand, received Charity about Eight Years ago; but the Husbands have voted in Lledions ever since.

And as to the other Two they gave no Evidence.

As to the split Vores;

John Buck/and said, that Richard Norton lived in a divided House; but it has been divided above ao Years- and that James IVcodr off and Wm. Applegath have lived so likewise, Four or Five Years past; but both pay to Church and Poor, and the latter is now Constable.

As to die bribed Votes;

Tho. Alaxey said, that he law Mrs. Nash give Geo.

West $ s. laying to him, " What will you give me for this Money, if yon don’t vote for Mr. Ren>*

" da?" answered her, " 10." Which Agreement was reduced into Writing, and witnessed by the said Maxey.

Mr. Muffage said, that some Money was given to Mr.

Westall's Daughter; but knows not how much, nor ou what Account.

That the Counsel for the fitting Member did not offer any Evidence, to answer the Petitioner’s; infilling, that, they apprehended their Testimony was for the fitting Member’s Advantage:

And called only Three Witnesses, as to indirect Practices on the Petitioner’s Side;

Mr. Pen; who said, that he hear! one Mr. Charles Wiggins make Proclamation in the Market-place, Two or Three Days before the last Election at Wallingford, that he would lend any Persons from £.5 to £.40, for One or Six Months, without Interest, if they would vote for Mr. Leigh; but could not say, but that the said Wiggins was disturbed in his Head.

Richard Norton said,. that he made Application, to get £. 5 of Mr. Leigh, upon his own Security, which wa« offered him for Ins Vote; but he voted for the fitting Member.

John

244

15° — 16° — 17* Decembris. A. 17 of*

John Westhallsaid, that Mr. MuJJage offered him Three TJie Titles of the said Accounts Were read.

Guineas for his Vote for Mr. Leigh; but he voted for , That the said Account* do lie upon the Ta-

the fitting Mem bet. ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee The said Accounts are bound up with the other Came to the following Resolution; viz Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thomas Renda, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Anthony Lord Lord Got-to serve in Parliament for the Borough of JVallingford. Viscount Gomanston, for Payment of his Debts, and for manfton’* The said several Resolutions, being severally read a securing a Jointure, and a Maintenance, for Margaret L 8te*

Second time, were, upon the Question severally put there- Viscountess Gormanjion, in lieu of a Rent-charge, payable upon, agreed unto by the House. to her out of the said Viscount’s Estate, was read the

First time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Morning, Nine a Clock. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon

__________ Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Veneris, 16 0 di Decembris;

Anno 8* Annas Reginse, 1709.

Prayers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- African ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade. House, to consider of the Trade to and nothing

to intervene.

v. < 11

Leave of r\R D ERE D, That Sir Richard Farrington have Leave

Absence. to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Catwater A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Bo-

narbour. rougjj Qf Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and of the Merchants, and other Inhabitants, in or near the fame, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Town of Plymouth is of great Advantage, as well to her Majesty’s Service, and Revenue, as to the Trade of this Kingdom: That the Harbour of lying near

the fame, is a very commodious and safe Station for her Majesty’s Ships, and all others; but of late several Shoals,

and great Banks of Sand, have been caused there by hi Tides, and Violence of the Storms: That the Harbour is at present unsafe, and in danger of being ruined, if feme timely Care be not taken to prevent it; and so is also Sutton Pool, which lies in the Bosom of the Town, and whereby they convey Provisions to the Men of War, and Merchant Ships, almost choaked up with Oaze and Mud: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for cleansing, and prefenring, the said Harbour of Catwater, and Sutton Pool,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir George Bing, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Ball, Mr. Chambers, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Jennings, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Moun-tague, Mr. Vincent, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Treby, Mr. Seamen, Sir Nich. Morrice, Lieutenant General,

Mr. H’ysham, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Moor, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Jopbam; and all, that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, and for the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Land Tax The House being informed, that the Agents for Taxes Arrears, &c. attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

An Account of Arrears of the several Land Taxes in her Majesty’s Reign, exclusive of the nth and 12th Four Shillings Aids, with the Names of the Receivers of those Taxes; and also.

An Account of what each Receiver General hath paid into the Exchequer upon the nth Four Shillings Aid, to the x 2th of December, 1709, with the Names of the

Receivers Anno 1708; and also.

An Account of what each Receiver General hath paid into the Exchequer upon the 12th Four Shillings Aid, to the 12th of December, 1709, with the Names of the Receivers Anno 1709:

And being withdrawn;

Mr. Farm-(according to Order) reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Malt Duties, charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, &Cm Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1710, was committed, the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House (according to Order) relblved itself into a War* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of 8n(*

Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farref took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 17° die Decembris;

Anno 8° Anna? Regin*, 1709.

Prayers.

DE SOLVED, That this House will, upon Tuesday, Flag Office* *; the 10th Day of January next, take into Consideration the Lift of the Names of all the Flag Officers at the-, June of her Majesty's Accession to the Throne, and alib of all those, who have been appointed Flag Officers since that Time, to the 28th Day of November, 1709, with an Account of the several Allowances to them made, or to be made, out of the Money, granted by Parliament for the Service of the Navy.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do then

attend this House.

Ordered, That Colonel Morgan have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Ab <Hlcc'

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Birch have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

' A Petition

£2.

Iff

8 Ann. 17° — 190 _ 345

A Petition of William Malet, Esquire, was presented to the House, and readmitting'forth, that by an Act of the lift Session of Parliament, the Lord Treasurer was impowered to compound with the Petitioner, as Surety for his Father, while he was Receiver General for the County of Somerset; but, by a Mistake in the said Act, the intended Composition was frustrated: And praying, that some Provision may be made, for perfecting the said Composition, according to the Directions of the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners for the Time being, to perfect a Composition, which by an Act of Parliament was impowered to be made with Rich. Parke, Merchant, who died since the parting that Act, that they do provide therein, for per-testing the Composition with the said William

Mr. Farter (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for vesting the Estate of Thomas Berrie, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharge-ing several Mortgages thereupon, and other his Debts, which his personal Estate will not extend to pay, and for laying out the surplus Money for the Benefit of Berrie, his Widow, and Dorothy and Henrietta, his Two infant Daughters) and the feme was received, and read I be First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may assess, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Berks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John -

house.Sir Richard How, Mr. Gape, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tepham, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Mr. Page, Mr. Shaekerly, Mr. Worthy, Mr, , Colonel More*

ton, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bromley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Foley, Sir Fran. Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Gale, Mr. Baity, Mr. Mr.

Stuart, Sir Cka. Turner, Sir Tonge, Mr.

Mr. Richmond, Mr. Chamber, Mr. Cockbum, Mr. Archer, and all that fenre for the Counties of tVilts, Berks, Fork, and Conrvball; and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sedwrerdl’s A Petition of Henry Sacheverell, D. D. in Custody Cii lapcKtuB'u. the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the Hcrnfe) and tead > setting forth, that he thinks his being under the Displeasure of this House the greatest Misfortune that could befall him: And praying, that the' House will be pleated to order him to be admitted to-Bail, that be may have an Opportunity of making his Defence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Wefimhfocr*hall, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to search Precedents, concerning the taking Bail in Cafes of Persons committed for high Crimes and Misdemeanors; and' that they do make their Report thereof to the House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, who are to draw up the Articles of Impeachment agar nit Doctor Henry Sacheverell, to search Precedents, and make-

Report thereof bo the House.

Call of the Ordered, That the House be called over upon H«ef«. the Tenth Day of January neat; and that fetch Members You 16,

as shall not then attend, be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do fend his circular Letteft to the Sheriffs of the several Counties of South Britain, and also to the proper Officers of North Britain, to summon the Members there, to attend their Service in Parliament upon the said 10th D.ty of Jdn&aty next.

The Form of the Letter is as followeth; viz.

From the House of Commons, 17th December,

1709.

Sir,

THE House of Commons having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, I am commanded to acquaint you with it, that you may give immediate Summons to all the Knights, Citizens, and Butgesses; within your County, who are returned to serve in this present Parliament, that they do attend their Service in Parliament on Tuesday, the 10th Day of January next; the House of Commons intending to proceed with all Severity against all such of their Members, as shall then neglect their Attendance. And you are to give art Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon, unto,

Sir, your humble Servant.

An ingrossed Bill for charging, and cohtinuing, the Supply Bill; Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Malt Duties* Service of the Year 1710, was read the Third time. tcc"

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be.

An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered That Mr. Ferrier have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occafioris. Absente.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Dyfcrt, £ Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Dyfert, in the Shire of Fife, ire the room of the honourable John Sinclair, Esquire, who, being the elded Son of a Peer in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, is declared to be incapable fofit in this House.

And then the House adjourned till

Morning, Nine a Clock.

... . «, . - 1 -----: — -s —

Luna, 19® die Decembris;

Anno 8* Ann* Regina;, 1709*

Prayer*.

S\RDERKDf That Doctor West, one of the Preben - Dr. Wed daries of Winehefier, be desired to preach before this 10 preach oa House, at St. Margaret's, Westmhfct, upon the 3orh Day 30th Jan> of January next; and that Mr. George Rodney Bridges,

Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Coventry, and Mr. Rowney, do acquaint him therewith.

A Bill for the publick registering all Conveyances^ Wilts Wills, or other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or Registry at that may afffeft; any Honours, Manors, Land*, Tene- Deed3‘ ments, or Hereditaments, within, the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir fdhn Sipnehouse, Mr . Farrer, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Petpilloitf 1 \

Mr. Df/ton; Lord Lu'mley, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Montgomery, "l

Sir Edmund Dent'ott, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mr.

Vincent, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Mount ague. Sir Fra,.

Mr. Bridges, ' Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Hampden, Coioneh v

Moreton, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Tucifield, Mr. Bertie, Lord. Wm. Powlett, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Gray, Mr. Manley,

3 Q Mr.

Mallet’s Debt to tbs truen.

ti

Berne’s

Estate.

Berks

j Rfjjittry of 1 Deeds.

246

ip° — ao° Detembris.

A. 1709.

Mr. Aftw, Sit Edward , Mr. Mr. 2fa*M,

Mr. Edgcomb, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Dalrymple-, and all for the Counties of Wilts,

Gloucester, and Oxen: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Shrewsbury, Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of &c. Election. Privileges and Elections, touching the Electiort for the Borough of Shrewsbury, and touching the Election for the Borough of Lejlwithi be received Tomorrow Morning.

king in Cutes of Impeachments.

African

Trad*.

Ways And Means.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan have LeavS to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

That Sir Henry Peachy have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Hafiings, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that ttie Petitioners observe by the printed Votes of this House, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highways between River-hill and the Parish of , to 'Tonbridge Wells, in Kent:

That 'tis proposed to erect a Turnpike at Tunbridge Town, for that Purpose, for collccting a Toll: That Tunbridge is the high Road between Hajlingt and London, and the Petitionerswhole Dependence is in catching Fish, and fending it to London on Horieback; and, shouldthey pay the Toll to the Turnpike, it will discourage them from following their said Employ, and empoverish the greatest Part of the Inhabitants of the said Town: And praying, that they may be exempted from paying the said Toll.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be brought in.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, and Tradesmen, living in, and trading from, the ancient Corporation and Porr of Leverpoole, in the County of caster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, having enjoyed the Liberty of Trade to Africa, since the Enlargement thereof by Act of Parliament, do now find, that the Royal African Com-Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be Pany arc endeavouring to get that Trade to themselves, referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are exclusive of all others; which will be very prejudicial to to consider of the Trade to Africa. the Petitioners, in regard to their great Increase of Ship-

The said Report is bound up with the other Papers of P'n£» ant^ the many young Gentlemen from the neigh-this Session. bouring Counties, bred up in Merchandize there, and the great Trade, they have to the Plantations, having lent The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a many Ships to the Coast of Africa, since the opening of Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Trade: It will also discourage the Exportation Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her of fhc Woollen Manufacture, and lefTcn her Majesty’s

Leave of Absence.

Sevan-oaks - Loads.

Mr. Dolben acquainted the House, that the Committee, who were, upon Saturday last, appointed to search. Precedents, concerning the taking Bail in Cafes of Persons, committed for high Crimes and Misdemeanors, and to report the same to the House this Day, had made all the Progress they could, in so short a Time} but that they found it required more Time, and had directed him to move, that they may have further Time to make their Report.

Ordered, That the said Committee do search the Lords Journals, in relation to the Proceedings upon Impeachments by the Commons, and make their Report to the House, with all convenient Speed.

Sir Charles Turner, from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations (according to Order) presented to the House, their Report, relating to the Trade to Africa, pursuant to an Order of the 15th Instant.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fatter took the Chair of the Committee.

: Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

.Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Revenue, for want of their usual Returns from the Plantations: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may continue free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of Joseph Cooper, of the City of Dublin, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Katherine Cooper, the Petitioner’s Mother, being

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing ^ifed in Fee of divers Lands in the Baronies of

.in 1 1 m A 0 ran A flTiiM/u in Iya/shiA ma rrl#»ri iirith Clan ITorhm — sm

the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except . the Committee, who are appointed to draw up the Articles oflmpeachment against Dr. Henry Sacheverell, and who are to search the Lords Journals, in relation to the Proceedings upon Impeachments by the Commons.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 26° die Decembris; Anno 8* Ann* Regina, 1709.

Prats xs.

MR. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, That she will be graciouflypleased to bestow some Dignity

in the Church upon Mr. Benjamin , for his emi-

nent Services both to Church and State; her Majesty was pleased to give this Answer:

Her Majesty will take a proper Opportunity to comply with your Desire.

Anhtr to AOdrtfs.

and Owney, in Ireland, married with Geo. Hickman, Gentleman, who prevailed upon the Petitioner to become Security for several Debts, by them contracted; and he did convey the said Lands to himself, and his Heirs, charged with one of his Sifter’s Marriage Portions, and Two Sums of Money to Robert Heath and Wm. Rickardson: That in May, 1708, the Petitioner settled the said Lands upon himself, for Life, and for securing an Annuity, of f. 150 per Annum, to his Wife: That, since his Intermarriage, he has discovered, since the Death of his Mother, that the said Lands were otherwise greatly incumbered, to above £. 4,000, the Interest whereof exceeds the yearly Profits of the Premises, and will render the Provision, intended for his Wife and Children, ineffectual, unless he be enabled to fell so mudh of the said Lands, as shall be necessary to discharge the Incumbrances thereon: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of lb much of the said Lands, as shall be fuJEcient to pay off the Incumbrances there-

upon, and for settling the Remainder to the Uses, to which the Lands are now settled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Thomson and Mr. Annejley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir

Africa*

Trade.

font

Cooper'*-

Estate.

1

j

8 Ann.

io° Decembris.

A&i

Cutwater

/imboun

Attn

la

JZ-

Sir Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to That the Counsel for the Petitioner infilled, that the

whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Mayor and Might of Election for the said Borough is in the Burgesses, Commonalty of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County paying Scotland Lot, not receiving Alms, or Charity, of Devon, and of the Merchants, and other Inhabitants, and living within the said Borough, or Suburbs thereof.

in or near the fame, was referred, the Matter, as it That the Counsel for the fitting Meriibers infilled, that appeared to them, and the Refutation of the Committee the Riftit of Election for the said Borough is in all the thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards Burgesses. whether resident, or not resident; and that all delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the tame was Persons, born in the Town, and all the Descendants of read, And is as followeth j viz. Burgesses, in the Male Line, have a Right to be Bur-

1 hat the Committee, having examined the Allegations gestes. of the said Petition, do find, that the Harbour of Ca/water That the Counsel for the Pet itioner} to make good bath been, Time out of mind, a very commodious and their Allegations, produceJ the Copies of Two Returns,

from the Records at the Rolls; one dated the 18 ,

l° Maria, being an Indenture, made coram Mytton et Richardo Darves, baliivis burgi, villa, et

lid'e Station, as well for her Majesty’s Ships of War, as of other Ships, employed by Merchants:

And that of late several Shoals, and great Banks of Sand, have been cauled there; and particularly a Bank . chena inter Mytton, mil' vicecom'

near the Mouth of the said Harbour, where the Henrietta ex et prafatos , et alios homines

Man of War was cart away, and lay there tome Years; bu-.genfes, ac infra villam et burgum pradiSl.

Whereby the said Harbour is not only at present rendered inhabitant, ex altera parte-, the other Return is dated primo vofafeto Ships, in their going in and out, but is in die a 3° Phil, et Maria, and is an Indenture,

imminent Danger of being intirely ruined, unless a timely made between Richard Comivall, Esquire, Sheriff, of the and effectual Care prevent the lame. one Part, and the Bailiffs, et aJ' homines ac com-

That it appeared likewise to the Committee, that morantes, infra villam et burgum pradiSl. inhuman, of the Shi ten Pool, lying in the very Bosom of the said 'I own, other Part.

and so of very great Ufo and Advantage, as well to her That the Counsel for the fitting Members, to make

Majesty’s Ships, for their Supply of Provisions, as to the good their Allegation, called Two Witnesses; viz. Merchants of the said Town, for their bringing up their Peter Mac hen; who said, he was born at Salop, and

Vtfll-1% to lade and unlade at the Culto.r-house, and has lived there 64 Yean; and that the Out-buigeflfes, of other Keys there, is lo filled and choaked up with Oaze Country Burgesses (as they are called) have always voted; and Mud, that the aforesaid Benefits, accruing by means and that they did (o at the Election between Kinaflonand of the said Pool, will be wholly loft, if not prevented, by Corbett, when he was but a Boy, without any Objaction 1 deepening the lame, and by constant clearing and cJcanfing and that the Burgesses of that Borough inherit by thereof. Delcenr:

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee And Edward Carlos; who said, he had known the came to the following Resolution; viz. Borough for Thirty Years past; and that the Country

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Burgesses always voted; and that they did so in this last That the 1 joule be moved, that Leave be given, that a Election, as well for the Petitioner, as for the fitting Bill may be brought in, lor thedcnnling, and prclerving. Members, without any Objection; and that the first the Harbour of Cat-water, and Sutton Poole. Charter of this Town was granted by King Charles the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for First.

hwrrtioB

GfcAiliijri

And that, upon this Evidence, the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parlia-. ment for the Borough 01in the County of Bill for the better preventing of excessive and Salop, is only in the Burgesses, inhabiting in the said

the cleansing, and preserving the Harbour of Catwater, and Sutton Poole-, and that Sir Mr.

Sir Geo. Bing, and Mr. Aylmer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

immoderate Gaming, was (according to Order) read a Jjeco.d time.

Resolved, Nemine centradiccnte , That the Bill be committed to Mr. Httngerford, Mr. Mountague. Colonel Mfite-ten. Sir Edward Goodyear, Mr. Moor, Mr. Gale, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Cectll, Sir IVm. Ashurst, Sir C/ia. Hot ham. Sir Wm. Huftler, Mr. Morijon, Mr. Chafe. Mr. Mason, Sir John IVbitwrong, Sir John -

Borough, or in the Suburbs thereof, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms, or Charity.

That the Counsel, being acquainted with this Resolution of the Committee, admitted, that Mr. one

of the fitting Members, had a Majority of all the Candidates; and that Sir Edward Leighton, the Petitioner, had fix Vo tea more than Mr. My i ton, the other fitting Member.-That then the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded to give

houft, Mr. Herne, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Poult Hey, Mr. Dolben, Evidence as to Bribery, and other indirect Practices, on Mr. 7 hornhagh, Mr. Morris, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Hampden, both the fitting Members; and to that purpose called.

Mr. Cholmond/ey, Mr. Diston, Sir Henry Furntffe, Mr. several Witnesses; viz.

Harris, Mr. Renda, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Mr. Onslow: And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Shrewsbury Bled ion.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, and the Relotions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Edward Leighton, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of

John Gittens; who said, that he is a Shoemaker, and lives in Shrewsbury: That the fitting Members, or their Agents, ordered a,000 Pair of Shoes to be made in that Borough, and all the Shoemakers in the Town were employed to make the fame; and he, the said,

was ordered to make Six Dozen, for his Share, by Mr. Mytten, and Mr. Phillips, Steward to Mr. Two

Years and a half ago.

That he was not solicited for his Vote, at the Time such Orders were given him, but was about a Month before.

That there was a general Meeting of the said Shoemakers at Neds Coffee-house; where k was proposed, that, in Considerat ion of their having made so many Shoes, upon the fitting Members Account, they should all vote for them.

That be (the said Gittens) upon the Day of EJeftioti John Kinaflon, and Richard Mitton, Esquires, to went to the Town-hall, designing to vote for the Peti-serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shrewsbury, tioner; but meeting with Mr. Phillips, an Agent for the

in the County of Salop: fitting Members, he aikedbim, who he intended to vote

Vol. 16, for?

Shrewsbury

Election.

48

ao° Decemb.

./£. 1709*

for ? and he telling, for the Petitioner; Phillips told him he then should never be paid for the Six Dozen of Shoes, he had made: That he voted for the fitting Members, contrary to his Inclination, and was afterwards paid for the Shoes by Phillips.

That Mr. Edward Tongue, of Bickton, an Agent for the fitting Members, offered to procure 25 to be lent h.im (the said Gittens) out of the Town Stock, without Interest, if he would vote for the fitting Members; who were present at such Offer.

Jacob Brown said, that Mr. Robert Phillips promised him a Horse, if he would "vote for the fitting Members; and that Mr. Kinafton, one of the fitting Members, told him, he would be kinder to him, than Sir Leighton

would be; and that he would help him to 25 out of the Town Stock, and £. 4 to put his Son out Apprentice: Upon which, he said, ne voted for the fitting Members, though he had before promised the Petitioner, to vote for him.

John Andrews said, that Mr. Cowper, a Clergyman, who has a Living in Mr. MGift, promised him $s. and a Guinea, to vote for the fitting Members; and paid him is. 6 d.in Earnest; and he had t s. more afterwards: That at the Time of the Election he was threatened, if he did not vote for the fitting Members, by one Beke, their Agent.

That he knows one Powell, who, as he was going to the Election, to vote for the Petitioner, was forced into a publick House, where several of the fitting Members Votes and Agents were; where being invited to eat and drink, he was told afterwards, that, if he did not vote for the fitting Members, he should pay ioj. for what he had eat and drank.

John Harris said, he, was going to poll, with Three Country Burgesses, who intended to vote for the Petitioner: They were met by Mr. and Mr.

Sons, whq he saw give Two Half-crowns to Two of the said Burgesses, bidding them vote for the fitting Members: And the said Harris asking them, if they made bribing People ? he was immediately knocked down by one Hulston: That he went to the Polling-place bloody, and saw there the Three Burgesses vote for the fitting Members.

Roger Chandler said, that he was a Constable and attended the Poll at a Back-door; and was solicited to let in one of the fitting Members Voters; which he refused, with put another was let in, who would vote for the Petitioner, the Door, he kept, not being the usual Way intp the Court;. and when they were let in, he observed, the Pferson, voting for the fitting Members, was admitted with Ease to poll, while the other was ill used, and pull’d about the Court, and, he believes, not admitted to poll.

That he went to enquire for one of the Petitioner’s Voters at a publick House; where he found him drinking with the fitting Members Voters, who would have kept him; but the Man declaring himself for the Petitioner, they let him go.-'

Benjamin Felton said, that he was in the Town-hall at the Election, and saw Mr. Kinafton and Mr.

Sons enquiring among the Burgesses for those, that would vote for the Petitioner; and few them use several of those Burgesses so ill, that, he believes, they went away without voting.

Then the fitting Members Counsel proceeded to give Evidence as to Bribery, and other indirect Practices, in the Petitioner; and, called

Tho. Crojje; who laid, he came out of the Country, to vote for the fitting Members; and calling upon some of his Friends at a publick House, he saw the Petitioner; who asked them for their Votes; and told the said Crojfe, that, if he would vote, and procure Votes, for him, he would make him Steward of an Estate, he had lately pur- ‘ chafed; and said, he could not treat them, but would pay a Shilling for. his Club.

That Robert Davis, an Agent for the Petitioner, offered him 3 qs.if he, and his two Brothers, would vote

for the Petitioner.

That he, and his Two Brothers, voted for the fitting Members.

John Gat hen said, that one Mr. Jones, a Gentleman, of a great Estate, solicited Votes for the Petitioner; and he was at Mr. Jones* House Two Days together, at the Time of the Election, and saw there about 40 or 50 People eating and drinking, who were led up to poll by Mr. Leighton, and voted for the Petitioner; but that he did not lee the Petitioner at Mr. s House.

Edmund Schofeild feid, that on the 8th of March was 12 Months, a Bonfire being made for the Queen’s coming to the Crown, the Petitioner asked him for his Vote, and gave him and another is. 6 to drink the Queen’s Health.

Andrew Griffith said, he was asked for his Vote by

both Sides; and the Petitioner promised to prefer his Son in the Excise, if he would vote for him; but owned, that he asked the Petitioner to prefer his Son, some Time after he had promised him his Vote.

Rowland Manfill said, that Sir Ed. Leighton gave him One Shilling, and the Lady Leighton gave him is. 6 for fetching his Son out of Cheshire.

Peter Machen said, that, about a Fortnight before tlje-Elettion, Mr. Harris, a Servant of the Petitioner’s,

brought certain Persons, by the Name 01 Pitts, to his House, and bid him treat them well, and he would pay the Reckoning.

John Griffith said, that Sir Edward Leighton gave him 2i. 6 d.and desired his Vote; which, he told him, he

had engaged for the fitting Members; but that he had some Relations, whom he would endeavour to prevail with; but does not know, whether any of them voted for the Petitioner.

That, as to the Money, said to be given to Andrews by Mr. Cowper, the Clergymen, the Counsel for the fitting Members examined

John Peke; who feid, he was present, when Andrews desired Mr. Cowper to lend him 5 to pay his Debts; but Mr. Cowper, not having so much about him, bid him lend Peke is. 6d. which he did, but heard no Vote asked for by any Person at that Time.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Rejelved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Kynaston, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shrewsbury.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Mytton, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur-

gefs, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shrewsbury.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Edward Leighton, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgefe, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shrewsbury.

The First of the fad Resolutions being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question beings put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

CMr. Cotton, 7 , . '

S’£Mr. Furnesse: i

Tdfcr. for lb. No}*7.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said First Resolution, That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Skrewjbvry, in the County of Salop, is only in the Burgesses, inhabiting in the said Borough, or in the Suburbs thereof, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms, or Charity.

The 2d, 3d, and 4th Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Af

If

\M ' Ea

1

1

8 Ann.

ao° Decem

'H9

Jghrewfbury

Writ.

Africaa

Trade.

Leftwithiel

Electun.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this the Pleasure of the Mayor and the Six capital Burgesses, House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for on the next Tuesday after Michaelmas, yearly, called some the Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, by Witnesses; viz.

raling out the Names of John Kynaston, Esquire, and Mr. John Hawkey, Mr. John Stevens, Town-clerks of

Richard Mytton, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Sir Leftwithiel; who produced several of the Borough Books; Edward Leighton, Baronet. whereby it appeared, that several of the 17 Assistants have been left out, and others put in their Rooms; as particu-Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Jarly, one Webber, who appeared to bean Assistant in the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ,670, was left out in 1671, and the next Year waschofe theeleding one other Burgess for the Borough of Shrew/- a capital Burgess.

bury, in the County of Salop, in the room of John Kynaf- Mr. John Cole said, that he has known Leftwithiel ton, Esquire, and Richard Mytton, Esquire, above Years; and that upon the next after

Michaelmas, yearly, the Mayor and the Six capital Bur-Resolved, That this House will, upon Thutfday, the gestes met in their Council-chamber; and then the Lift 12th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Com- of the 17 Assistants is read over before the Mayor and the mittee of die whole House, to consider of the Trade capital Burgesses; and they are continued, or di(placed.

to Africa.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it

and others chole in their Places, as the Mayor and capital Burgesses think fit.

Air. John Stevens, and Mr. John Baker, Minister of the Town, laid, they have talked casually with several appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough 0ld capital Burgesses, (since dead) about the Constitution of Left wit hicll, in the County of Cornwal, and the Refo- of the Town; and they informed them, that the Mayor,

lutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in together with the Six capital Burgesses, always had a his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s " '*r *

1 able; where they were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Francis Robartes, and RuJ/el Ro-bartes, Esquires, as also the Petition of the chief Magistrates, and Assistants, of the Borough of Leftwiihicll, complaining of an undue Election, and

Power Yearly to confirm the Seventeen Assistants, or to displace, and clioole others into their Places, as they should think fit.

The Counsel for the returned Members, to justify their Allegation, produced a Copy of a Report out of the Journals of thb House, dated the 17th January, 4° Anno Return, of James Kendall, Esquire (since deceased) Reg, whereby it appeared, that Six Persons, whereof and Joseph AdJifon, Esquire: one was a capital Burgess, and the other Five Assistants, That it was agreed, that the Borough of Left-.vit Lull. who had been removed by the then Mayor, and the other was a Corporation by Prescription; and that the Right Burgesses (and Eight others chose into their Places) were of electing Members, to serve in Parliament for the said restored to their Votes of eleding Members, to serve in Borough, is in the Mayor, Six capital Burgesses, and the Eft Parliament, and the other Eight Persons Votes Seventeen Assistants. excluded by the Resolutions of this House; but it did not

But the Counsel for the Petitioners infilled, that the appear by the said Report, whether the said Persons were Mayor and Capital Burgesses chose, or confirmed, the A!- di (placed on the Tuesday after Michaelmas, or by such a fistants annually, viz. on Tuesday after Michaelmas, being Number of capital Burgesses, as the Charter requires to the Day appointed by the Charter for the Election of a be present at the Election of a Mayor: And called Mayor; and that before the Election of a new Mayor, it Mr. Hicks-, who said he had lived several Years in the is in the Power of the Mayor and capital Burgesses to con- Neighbourhood of Lcftwithicll, and is acquainted with tinuc the Assistants, or displace them, jit their Pleasure; (he Manner of eleding Members, to serve in Parliament

and that no Person has a Vote in the Election of Members, to serve in Parliament, but such as had a Right to vote in the preceding Election of a Mayor.

That the Counsel lor the returned ARmbers infilled, that, when an Assistant was once cholen, he continued to be an Assistant, without any Confirmation, and could not be displaced by the Alayor and capital Burgesses, without just Cause.

And the Charter of the Corporation being produced, it appeared to be a Charter of Confirmat ion, granted

for that Borough; but knows little of the Constitution of the Borough; and that he never knew any of the 17 AffiHants removed, and others chole into their Places (but of late Years) but upon account of Death, or their Removal from the Town; and in that Cafe, upon their Return, they uled to be admitted into their Places of Assistants again.

That Mr. Charles Burt gave his Testimony to the same Purpose.

That, upon this Evidence, the Committee came to the

6* Jacobi I. And the following Clause in the said Charter following Ilesolution:

Was read: Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Et ulterius volumus ac per praefentes, pro nobis, That the Right of eleding Burgesses, to serve in Parliahseredibus, et fucccflbribus nofttis, concedimusprsefato ment for the Borough of Leftwithiel/, in the County of " majori et burgenfibus burgi prsedidi, ct successoribus Cornwal, is in the Mayor, and Six capital Burgesses, tofuis, quod major et capitales burgenles burgi praedid. gether with the 17 Assistants, annually cholen, and aut major pars eorum, quorum majorem pro tempore who had a Right to vote at the preceding Election of

a

existent’ unum elTe volumus, de tempore in tempos, perpetuis futuris temperibus, potestatem et authori-tatem liabeant, et habebunt, eligendiet nominandi.ct quod eligereet nominare pofluntet valeant, annuatim, ct quolibet anno, in peipetuum, in die Martis prox. fed. Sandi Michaelis Archangeli, duos de capitalibus burgenfibus burgi prsedidi; ex quibusduobus, lie, ut prsefatur, eligend. major, capitales burgesses, et ieptimi

a Mayor.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners produced a Copy of the Poll; and the Numbers were.

For Mr. Kendall, - - - - 1

For Mr. Addison, - - - - 13:

For Mr. Fra.Robartes, - - - 6:

For Mr. Russel Robartes, - - - 4.

But it appeared by the Corporation Book, that, ac-

alii de inhabitantibuset burgenfibus burgi prsedidi, per cording to the Resolution of the Committee, Nine Per- prsefatum majorem et capitales burgenles burgi prse- foils, who voted for the returned Members, had no Right didi, velperaliquosquinqueeorum, quorum majorem to vote; and that pother Persons had a Right to vote,

which Persons offered their Votes for the Petitioners,

but were refused.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

burgi praedidi, pro tempore existentem, unum efle volu- mus, ad hoedetemporein tempus eligend.ctnominand.

eligere poffint et valeant unum, fore et efle majorem burgi prsedidi, pro uno anno integro, &c."

That the Petitioners Counsel, to prove the frequent Alteration, and annual Election, of the 17 Assistants, at That Addison, Esquire, is not duly cleded a

Vo 16.

R

Burgess,

jS-go jo" — m® Decembris. A. 1709.

rBx^P^y tq (cwc;in Parliament for the Borough of- Left-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tibat ffwes Kendall, . Esquire, deceased, -was not duly plefteda Burgess, toferye in Parliament for the Borough of Leftwithiel.

.Resolved', That,;it'is the Opinion of this Committee, That Francis Rohartes, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess,

to. fprve ,so-Parliament for the Borough of Leftwithiel.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Ryfel Rohartes, Esquire, is duly electeda Burgess, to fprye in ' Parliament for the Borough o

rTbe said Refojutions, beiqg fevetally read a Second , tiw*\yere, upon. the Question severally put thereupon, ,*jgreed unto* by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House , To»morrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Leftwithiel, in the County of by

.rajGqg out the Names of Joseph Addison, Esquire, and Jaws Kendall, Esquire, and inferring the Names of Francisi5a£<»r/«r Esquire, and Rujel Rohartes, Esquire, instead. thereof.

-And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a'Clock.

Mercuriiy 2 l* die Decembris;

Anno S* Annie Regina:, 1709.

PlRAYE.RS.

L«xv* of S\RDERE D, That Mr have Leave to go

Absence. v/ jn^0 t^e Country for a Month, upon very extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Swinfen have Leave to go into the Country fqr a Month, upon very extraordinary Occasions.

Bryces’ A Petition of tire honourable Janes Brydges, Esquire, Eftste. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, by virtue of the Petitioner’s Marriage Settlement, he is seised, for Life, Remainder to his Frrft and other Sons, with Remainders over, of a Third Part of an Estate, con--fi filing of several small Tenements, lying in in

the Parish of St. Sepulcher's,; which are let at

ftnaii Rents, are subject to many Casualties of Tenants, and Repairs, and prove very troublesome, and chargeable, in looking after the Tenants: That the Petitioner, and his Wife and Family, are satisfied, it will be better for them, to have the Premises fold, and the Money laid out in another Purchase, to be settled to the same Uses; but the same cannot be done without an Act of Parliament, by reason of the Minority of the Petitioner’s Son: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Tenements, and purchasing another Estate, of the like Value, to be settled to the same . Uses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Dolben and the Lord C do prepare, and' bring in, the Bill.

Hyth Ordered, That Sir Philip Boteler have Leave to with-Elcition, draw his Petition, touching the Election for the Port of Hytk.

Returns The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to amended. Order) amended the Returns for the Borough of

bwry, in the County of Salop, and for the Borough of Ltfiwtbid, in the County of Cornwal.

Hackett’* A Petition of John Hackett, Esquire, a Minor, Son and Estate. Heir of Sir Thomas Hackett, Knight, deceased, W3S pte-fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland, in the 4th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, all the Lands and Tenements, whereof the said Sir Tho. was seised on the First of November,

24

1703, -were veiled in Trustees, add their Heirs,’ to be sold to the highest Bidder, for Payment bf- Sir Thomas's Debts (which any Three of them hid- Power to adjust)

Remainder to Sir- Tho.arid his Heirs; and they weie to fell such' Part in the first Place, as he,- or his Heirs, should direct: That afterwards Sir dying,

the Petitioner, by his Guardian, claimed the said Lands, by virtue of a Settlement, made in pursuance of Marriage'

Articles; whereupon the Creditors obtairied a Secohd Act, to explain and enforce the former; whereby it ’tvas enacted,i.that notwithstanding the said Articles, and Settlement, or any other, the Premi'ffes should be'Veftfed in the said Trustees, to be sold, as the former Act directed; and they-wete to take-an Oath, not to purchase any of the Lands for themselves, and to have 12 in the Pound, for their Trouble and Expences; but no Care is taken by this Act, to re-vest the Remainder of the Estate in the Petitioner: That the said Trustees set up a formal Court, and unnecessarily multiplied Sittings, Motions, and Hearings, and allowed several considerable Debts,

-upon the bare Oaths of the Parties; and, though the -Debts, allowed by the Trustees, amounted only to £. 13,000, yet they raised £.16,000, by Sales, besides 'Four Years 'Profits of the Premisses, amounting to £.4,-560; and, not content with the in the Pound, pretend to detain c,s. in the Pound from the Creditors, and refuse to account with the Petitioner for about £.7,000, which they have in their Hands, more than sufficient to answer all Demands, upon Pretence, that the said Acts have given them an uncontroulable Jurisdiction, against which there can be no appeal: That the said Trustees were so far from promoting the Sale of the said Estate, that they discouraged Purchasers, often rejected the best Bidder, and sold to their Friends, who bid less; and fbme of them procured Purchases to be made in the Names of their Sons; and the Trustees refused to observe that Part of the Act, whereby Sir Tho. and his Heirs, might appoint, what Lands should be fold; but -they fold such Parcels, as were convenient for their Friends; so that what is left unfold, lies difpetfed at a great Distance, which renders it of less Value: That the Petitioner can have no Relief in the Premises, in the ordinary Courts of Justice, the Proceedings of the said Trustees being by the said Acts declared final: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to call the said Trustees to an Account in the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to have the Money, remaining in their Hands, paid to the Petitioner, and the Residue of the said Estate re-vested in him, or otherwise to give the Petitioner (who is reduced from a plentiful Condition to great Want and Necessity) such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Sir John Holland, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer,

Mr. Anitefley, Mr. Thornkagh, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Pockling-

t<m, Mr. Poulteney, Mr. Dolben, Lord Cotiingsby, Colonel Moreten, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Hung, Mr. Lozmdes, Mr. Manley, Mr. Nevill, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Robert

Eden, Sir Fran. Masham, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Vaughan, Lieutenant General Meredith, Lord Lumley, Mr. , Mr. Page:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Iristruction to the said Committee, that they do examine, whether due Notice hath been given in Ireland, according to the (landing Order of this House, of the Petitioner's I mentions to make Application to the Parliament here for the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Weld have Leave to go Lem of into the Country for a Month, upon very extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

The House (according to Order) resolve itself into w*y» a Committee of the whole House, to consider further «nd Means.

of

AfiCh

Alt

'*1

k

A

8 Ann.

2 i2 2° Decembris.

Lfave of Ab fence.

Brydgn*

Dilute.

*5*

'of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, her Majesty. certain additional or new Duties be laid, and raised,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. within and throughout the whole Realm of Great Britain,

Mr. Farrertook the Chair of the Committee. for and upon such Cqals, Culm, and Cinders, only, as

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. are chargeable in England, Wales, and the Town of

Mr. Fairer re ported from the Committee, that they Berwick upon Tweed, by the Act of Parliament, made

- fiad come to several Resolutions, which they had directed in the 4th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, whereby certain him to report, when the House will please to receive the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, are continued Tame. until the 30th Day of ijio.

Ordered \That the Report be received Tomorrow That it is. the Opinion of this Committee,

Morning. . That the said additional or new Duties, so to be laid upon

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that the Com- such Coals, Culm, and Cinders, within and throughout ’mittee had directed him to move, that they may have the Realm of Great be Three-fifth Parts of the

Leave to fit again. several Duties, now payable in England, . , and

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday, the Berwick upon Tweed, for such Coals, Culm, and Clndert, Ninth Day of January neat, resolve itself into a Com* respectively, by the said Act, of the Fourth Year of mittee of the whole House to coiifider further of her Majesty’s Reign.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional or new Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, be granted for the Term of Two-and-thirty Years, to commence from Michaelmas, 17 to.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, certain additional and new Duties be laid upon Dwelling-houses within and throughout the whole Realm of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, where any Dwelling-house in England, Wales, or S)RDER ED, That Sir Edward Ernie have Leave to *he Town, of Berwick upon Tweed, is by the former W go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extra- Laws. made in England, now in force, chargeable with ordinary Occasions. Tcn Shillings a Year, for House-money, every fuc(i

Dwelling-house, in ail Parts ' f Great Britain, in case the

Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the Ftoufeadjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nihea Clock.

7‘

OVtSs 2 2

die Decembris; Anno 8* Ann* Regime, 1709. Prayers.

Dclben (according to Order) presented to the a Bill for the Sale of several Tenements in -

Parke’s, he. Debts to the Cmwa.

Mr.

House,

lane, near West Smillfeld (the Estate of Brydges,

Esquire) and for purchasing another Estate, of the like Value, to be settled to the same Ulesj and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ward (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to impower tire Lord High Tre-surer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to perfect Comj.ofitions with the Widow and Children of Richard Parke, Merchant, deceased, and also with Wm.Malet% Esquire, as he was Surety for his Father, while he was Receiver General of the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, pursuant to two A efts of Parliament for those Purposes; and the Bill was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Coopers

Estate.

Seven-oak*

Road*.

fame hath, or shall have. Twenty Windows, or more, and Jels than Thirty Windows, shall be charged with the additional or new Duty of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, where any Dwelling-house in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, is by the former Liws, made in England, now in force, chargeable with Ten Shillings a Y’ear, for House-money, every such Dwelling-house, in all Parts of Great , in case the same hath, or shall have. Thirty Windows, or more, shall be charged with the additional or new Duty of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tha! the said additional and new Duties on Houses be granted to her Majesty for the Term of Two-and-thirty Years, to commence from Michaelmas, 17 to.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Yearly Fund, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-five thousand Pounds, be charged and settled upon, and made payable out of, the said additional and new Duties Mr. Thompson (according to Order) presented to the upon Dweiling-houses, and the new and additional Duties House, a Bill for the Relief of Joseph Cooper, Gentleman; upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, for the term of 2'wor and the same was received, and read the First time. and-thirty Years, from 1710, to raise Money

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. by way of a Lottery.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, Mr. Brewer (according to Order) presented to the upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, a Bill lor the repairing and amending the High- House.

ways, leading from Seven-oaks to Woods gate and Tonbridge Wells, in the County of Kent-, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Aldborrwgh

Election.

Ways and Means.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time, That the said additional or new Duties, so to be laid upon such Coals, Culm, and Cinders, within and throughout the Realm of Great Britain, be Three-fiftii Parts of the several Duties, now payable in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Twee, for such Coals, Culm,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the and Cinders, respectively, by the said Act, of the 4th Borough of Aid borough, in the County of Suffolk, be Year of her Majesty’s Reignj

received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ferrer (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole Hopfc, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply agreed unto by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after " Great Britain" to leave out " be," and inllead thereof to insert do not exceed."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon.

granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House/ which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; Where they were read, and are as follow» w*.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

VoL 16.

Resolved, That this Hotife doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That the said additional or new Duties, so to be laid upon such Coals, Culm, and Cinders, within and throughout the Realm of Great Britain, do not exceed Three-fifth Parts of the

several

25z

several Duties, now payable in Wales, and

Berwick upon Tweed, for such Coals, Culm, and Cinders,

respectively, by the said Act, of the Fourth Year of her Majesty’s Reign.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions-, and that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fairer, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House being acquainted, that, in preparing the Bill for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, it will be necessary, that so much of the Statute of 51° Hen. III. Anno Dom. 1266 (intituled panis et The

Prices of Bread, and Ale, shall be according to the Prices of Corn) as relates to the Price and Assize of Bread, should be repealed;

The Statute was read.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are to prepare the Bill for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, that they do bring in a Clause, for repeal of so much of the said Statute, of 51 Hen. III. as relates to the Prices and Assize of Bread.

Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, appointed to search Precedents, concerning the taking Bail in Cafes of Persons committed for high Crimes and Misdemeanors, and to- search the Lords Journals, in relation to the Proceedings upon Impeachments by the Commons, and to make their Report to the House; that they had searched Precedents,’ and the Lords Journals, accordingly, and had directed him to report what Precedents they had found: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

In the Journal of the House of Commons, 188 Jac. I.

In the , Cafe of Sir Mompe[Jon.

Fo. 179. Febr. 27. Sir Edward Cock: — The great Committee have condemned the Patents for Inns, Hof-teries, and Alehouses, to be Grievances, both in the Original and Execution. Sir G. Mompejfon Yesterday heard; who confessed to be the Projector of this great Grievance for Inns.

Fo. 185. Sir G. Mompejfon brought to the Bar, not

kneeling.

Fo. 186. Charged by Mr. Speaker to attend the Pleasure of the House every Forenoon, de die in , till licensed.

He moveth, he may remain in his own House, and will be ready at all Times to attend, when he shall be commanded:

And granted to him.

Fol. 193. Upon the Question, , That for the Punishment of Sir Giles , this House

should go to the Lords; and to desire to join with them herein.

194. A Committee appointed to consider of the way of going to the Lords.

Resolved, That the further Examination of his Offences be referred to the former Committee.

197. Sir Giles Mompejfon called in to the Bar; and Mr. Speaker let him know the Pleasure of the House, that, until his Offence fully discovered, he shall, for his forth-coming, remain with the Serjeant; who is required to keep him carefully, at his Peril.

203. Sir Tko. Phillips moveth, that, since Sir Giles Mompejfon's Offence is so heinous, to lose no Time, but to resolve to go to the Lords on , concerning

the Business of him.

And, upon the Question, resolved: And, that Sir Edward Cook do deliver the Message.

227. Sir Giles Mompejfonupon the Question, to be put out of the House; without one Negative.

230. Sir Edward Cook, — from the Lords; who have granted all we can demand. — That they had generally

A, 1709*

considered of the Means, to recover Sir Giles Mompejfon; and, particularly, of a Proclamation for apprehending him.

231, 232. Sir John Hippjey: — That he went Yesterday to the Court, to acquaint tome Lords with the Proceedings here,

That, being required by the King, he related the same; who said, he would study how to punish him.

Mr. Hackwill: — That Mr. Secretary desires to know, whither Sir G. Mompejfon (if he be apprehended) shall be brought: —

And Resolved, To the Tower, as from this House.

Fo. 253. Mr. Hackwill reported from the Committee, for Sir Giles Mompejfon, that they had named Persons to take their Parts: — As in the Journal.

382. A Message from the Lords: — That they have considered of the Grievances from hence: That in that, for Inns and Hofteries, they have (bund many exorbitant Grievances: — Desire, the Proofs should be without Exceptions.

That the Proof is to be by sundry Members of this House; therefore, out of their Respect to this House, move, these Gentlemen may make a Declaration upon Oath; and, if there had been any other Proof, they would not have required this.

384. Another Message from the Lords, bringing the Names of some Prisoners, by Command from this House: — Desire to have them delivered to their own Officers, that they may have the Examination of them at their Pleasure: — And delivered their Names; Geo.

# Norton, and others.

386. Resolved, That all such of the Prisoners, as are? in the Serjeant’s Custody, whom the Lords shall require, for Examination, shall be delivered to the Lords, to be examined; and then to be remanded to the Custody of the Serjeant.

405. Sir Edward Cook: — That the divers Members of this House were desired to testify, upon Oath, against that wretched Man Sir Giles Mompejfon. —

Sir Francis Fane, and the rest, that have offered to be sworn, not to be sent for by the Lords, to be sworn; but to go voluntarily, when they will. —

That the House entering into Debate about it, the Gentlemen freely offered to do it. That the House, very willing to give them all Contentment, gave free Liberty, to the Gentlemen to do it, at all convenient Times.

Fo. 484. Sir Edward Cook reported from the Lords: — That they much commended the Concurrence between the Two Houses.

That, for the Persons, they found Fowles and Gelder so foul, as either to be imprisoned, or else good Security for their forth-coming. For Mitchell; fithence he committed from hence, desired, if we should enlarge him, till they had done with him, good Security might be ut. supra.

So for the rest, under Commitment, Security to be taken.

For Sir Giles Mompejfon; would grow to a present Resolution about him.

That Sir Edward Cook reported, that he moved the Lords, if they pleased, to commit the Prisoners under the Serjeant’s Custody; and that their Lordships might take Bail, if they pleased.

527. A Message from the Lords, that they were ready to give Judgment upon Sir Giles if the

House will come up, and demand it.

In the same [a\ Journal of 18° Jac. I.

The same of Sir Fra. Mitchell.

April 17th. A Warrant to the Lieutenant of the Tower, to bring Sir Francis Mitchell to the Bar.

26. Mr. Serjeant Crew came to the Clerk’s Table, and opened the Offences, committed by the said Sir Fran.

[«] These Extracts, relating to Sir Francit Mitchell, are taken from the Journal of the House of Lords, and were intended, as appears from the original Report, to have been entered after the subsequent Extracts, from the same Journal, relating to Sir G. Mompejfon, which should have been entered in this Place.

Mitchell,

22° Decembris.

8 Ann.

22° Decembris.

Mitchell, Prisoner in the Tower, and the Proofs thereof; whereunto he was heard.

May 4. The Offences, wherewith Sir Fra. Mitchell is charged, being read; the Lords, being all agreed upon a Sentence against him, sent a Message to the House of Commons, that the Lords have proceeded against Sir Fra. Mitchell, upon Complaints of the Commons; they have found him guilty of many exorbitant Offences; and are ready to give Judgment against him, if the Commons, with their Speaker, come to demand it.

The Commons, with their Speaker, went to the Bar of the Lords, and demanded Judgment; which was pronounced by the Lord Chief Justice.

In the same Journal [a] of 180 i"1.

The same of Sir John Botnetthen a Member of the House.

Fo. 585. Apr. 20. He is charged with Bribery; and (being then sick)

Fo. 605, The Heads ordered to be sent to him.

613. Apr. 23. The Charge, by a Report from a Committee, is Veduced to Six Heads.

Fo. 620. RJolved, That he was faulty in those Points.

621. Refolded, That he shall be secured, and put in safe Custody, to be forth-coming.

623. Ordered, That a Warrant be sent to the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex:And the same Day he is expelled the House. 1

625. A Conference desired to be next Day with the Lords.

639. Apr. 24. The Conference accepted.

649. Apr. 25. Reported from that Conference, that the Six Heads were delivered to the Lords.

That by the Journal of the House of L^rds, 18 "Jae.

I. in the same of Sir Giles Mompejfon —

3* Mar. A Message was sent from the House of Commons by Sir Edward Cook, and others, to deftre a Conference with the Lords: Which being granted; it was therein declared, that, when the Commons had entered into Confederation of divers heavy Grievances, the principal Offender, Sir Giles Mom report, was escaped; wiiere-fore that House did desire a (trait Scrutiny, for apprehending him.

That the Lords made divers Orders therein; and particularly a Proclamation was issued, for apprehending and taking the said Sir Giles Mompejfon, and for searching and seizing all his Papers, touching the Matters, wherewith he flood charged.

22d March. Af:er a Report, made by the Lord Chamberlain, it was agreed, that, although good Proof was made of the Misdemeanors of Sir Mompelfon, and others, his Agents, yet their Lordships will hear the Parties themselves.

It was further agreed, that a Collection should be made of all the Proofs, concerning Sir Giles Mompejfon only; and that then the Lords would proceed to lenience him, though absent; for that his Flight is an Eviction in Law.

It was further debated, in what manner to proceed against tire Delinquent Sir Giles Mompejfon, whether by Indictment here, or otherwise.

A Message was sent by the Lords to the Commons, to -acquaint them, that, before the approaching Recess, their Lordships intend to spend their Time in proceeding to sentence Sir Giles Mompejfon only; and desire a Conference about the safe Custody or Bail, of Matthias , Geo. Geldard, and others. Delinquents, committedfby the Commons; and that they come prepared to give their Lordships Satisfaction therein.

Another Message was ferit t o the Commons, to acquaint them, that the Bail of Sir Francis , and other

Prisoners, is left to their Consideration only; and that the Lords intend at this Time to proceed against Sir Giles Mompejfon only.

The Lord Treasurer reported from the Conference, that the Commons refer unto their Lordships the Bail, ment, or Commitment, of Matthias Fowles, Gel-

[o]«. t. of the House of Common*.

Vol. 16.

dard, and the other Prisoners, by them transmitted unto Taking of their Lordships; but their Opinion is, if it may so stand Bail in Cafe* with their Lordships Pleasure, that the Gaol is the best «»f Impeach* Bail for them. meat*

And as for Sir Francis Mitchel; though he be committed by the Commons to the Tower, yet he is left to be transmitted to their Lordships, it they please.

And it being debated, what should become of these Prisoners; it was ordered, that Matthias Fowles, and George Geldard, should be committed Prisoners to the Fleet, with special Charge to the Warden, for their safe Custody; and that they be not permitted to go abroad with the Keeper, nor any great Resort permitted to come unto them. And a Warrant was made for their Commitment accordingly.

26 March. The Culle&ion of the Offences against Sir '

Giles Mompejfon, touching his Abuses in the Patents of Inns and Hotleries, and the Proofs thereof, were read, as also the Collection of Abuses of the said Sir Giles, touching the Grant of Concealments; and also his Offences, in the undue executing the Grant of the foie Ma-nufadure of Gold and Silver Thread.

And, up >n the Debate thereof, the Lords were fully satisfied therewith.

A Message was sent to the Commons, that, if they would come with their Speaker, according to ancient Custom, to demand of the Lords a judgment, it should be given against Sir Giles Mompejfon, for the heinous Offences by him committed.

A*hd the House of Commons, with their Speaker, came to the Lord’s Bar; where the Speaker, in the name of the Commons, demanded judgment to be given against him.

And accordingly the Lord Chief Justice, in the Place of the Lord Chancellor, pronounced the Judgment of the Lairds.

In the Journal of the House of Lords, 18, Jae. 1.

The same of Sir John

24 Apr. A Message was sent from the Commons to the Lords, that they received Complaints of divers exorbitant Oppreluons, and Bribery, committed by Sir John

Bennet, Knight, late a Member of their House, but now expulsed; and to desire a Conference.

25 Apr. The Lord Treasurer reported from the Conference, that the Commons had opened divers Complaints against Sir John Bennet; with a Request, to fend up more against him, if any should come unto them afterwards.

A Petition of Sir John Bennet was read; shewing, that he is kept close Prisoner, under the Custody of the Sheriff* of London, in his own House; and humbly desires to have the Liberty of his own House, upon good Security.

Whereupon it was ordered, that, if the said Sir John Bennet shall nominate unto this Court the Names of such sufficient Persons, that will be bail for his forth-coming, and the Court shall like of their Sufficiency; then, upon their Bond of £. 40,000 given here in open Court, he shall have his Liberty; or else be committed Prisoner to (he Tower of London, and have the Liberty thereof.

14 May, 1621. Ordered \That the Lords Coramittees, to examine Witnesses in the same of Sir John Bennet, shall have Power, by Warrant under any Two of their Hands, to summon Witnesses before them in that Cause.

30 Maii. The Lords Committees reported, that they had taken divers Examinations in the Cause of Sir John Bennet, Judge of the Prerogative Court by which they find him guilty of much Bribery and Corruption; of which a Colledioa was made and delivered to Mr. Serjeant Crew.

Mr. Serjeant Crew shewed, that the said Sir John Bennet being directed by the Law, what Fees to take for Probate of Wills, and unto whom to grant Letters of Administration, he had perverted the Course of Law, for Bribes; and charged him particularly; and read the Proofs thereof by Witnesses: As in the Journal.

3 S Jift

Taking of

Bail in Cafes of Impeachments.

2 54

31st May. Sir John Bennett Answer, whereby he desires to have a Copy of his Charge, and Time to answer further.

Whereupon ’twas ordered, that Sir John should have,

First, Time till the next Access of the Parliament, to make his Answer:

2d, Counsel, to advise with only; but no Counselhere in Court, to defend his Cause:

3d, Liberty to examine Witnesses, ex fua , but not to examine any upon cross Interrogatories; and his Witnesses are to be sworn here in Court, upon such Inter* rogatories, as he should deliver, and the Court allow: 4thly, To have Copies of the Heads of the Charge, but no Names of any Witnesses, or Proofs:

jth. To have Leave, at the Hearing, to take Ex* ceptions unto the Witnesses, produced against him: And the Names of the Witnesses are to be delivered him, at the Hearing:

6th, Liberty to search the Records of his own Court, and his own Writings.

Ordered, That the King’s Counsel shall only open the Charge, and Proofs, against him; but not to inform any thing against him, at the Hearing.

Orderedalfo, That Sir John Bennet may be bailed upon £. 20,000 Bond, to be taken here in Court, with such Sureties, as the Court shall allow of; and, if he cannot procure Sureties, then he shall remain Prisoner with the Sheriff of London.

Sir John Bennet was called, in, and at the Bar told, how far the Lords had granted his Request.

To which Sir John Bennet acknowledged the Favour of the Court; and, amongst other things, said, " As for " my Bail; I am in Debt, and Disgrace; and doubt, " whether 1 can procure Bail, to enter intofo great a Sum. I humbly beseech your Lordships, that myl'elf may be " bound in,£. 1,000 and my Sureties in another^. 1,000. Six John Bennet being withdrawn.

It was put to the Question, whether the former Order, touching his Bail, should stand, or be altered according to his Request:

And agreed, the former Order to stand 14 November. The Parliament was adjourned by Commission, until the 20th Instant.

20 November, 1621. A Note of the Bail, which the Lord Chief Justice took for Sir John Bennet'% Appearance, according to the Order of the House.

Johannes Bennet, fen. de Christ-church, Lond. miles, tenetur D’no Regi in £. 7,000.

And Eleven other Sureties, in £. 1,200 each.

The Condition, l£c. That the said Sir John Bennet shall make his personal Appearance in the upper House of this Parliament, before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal there, at the next Sitting in this Parliament; and shall give his Attendance there from Day to Day, and not depart thence without Licence.

26* Junii, 130 Car. Regis, Fo. 319. fVliter’s Cafe, Commons Journal.

Resolved, That Mr. John Walter, being the Person, that principally acted under the Lease of the Ballast, and the Deputies, Agents, and Officers, employed to receive the said Rates, and Fees, do restore the same to the several Persons, of whom they did receive them.

Fo. 320. That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do apprehend the said Walter, and bring him before Mr. Speaker, to give such Security, as Mr. Speaker shall think fit, for his Appearance, when it shall be required by this House, or, in Default thereof, remain in the Serjeant’s Custody.

That an Impeachment be drawn up against him, for his said Exactions and Offences.

In the Commons Journal.

Mr. Seymour's Cafe.

19 November, 1680. It was ordered, That Mr. Sey-

mour, a Member of the House, 'do attend in his Place the next Day, at Ten a Clock.

1769*

20th November. Sir Gill at Garrard exhibited Articles of Impeachment, of high Crimes and Mifde-meanors, against him; which were read at the Table, and a Copy ordered to be delivered to him; and he to make his Answer on the Thurst following.

25 November. The Articles were read one by one;

and Mr. Seymour ordered to answer each Article in his Place: Which he did, and then withdrew.

And the First Article was again read: And a Debate arising thereupon; the Debate was adjourned till the next Day.

26 November. The Debate was resumed, and the Articles severally read; and thereupon

It was resolved. That he should be impeached on those Articles; and a Committee was appointed, to prepare the Impeachment, and to search Precedents, concerning the committing a Member into Custody, when impeached in Parliament.

17 "December. Sir William Pov.ltney made a special Report of those Precedents.

But that Report is not entered in tl: Journal.

Upon which Report, a Debate arising in the House; several Members were ordered to withdraw, and put the Articles into the Form of an Impeachment forihwith: Which was reported the same Day, and agreed unto; and the Articles ordered to be ingrossed.

And itwas ordered, That Mr. Seymour be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for securing his forthcoming, to answer the Impeachment, until he shall have given sufficient Security to the House, to answer the said Impeachment.

And it was ordered. That the Serjeant at Arms, attending the House, be impowered to receive Security for the forth-corning of the said Mr. Seymour, to answer to the Impeachment of this House.

aoth December. The ingrafted Articles were read, and ordered to be sent up to the Lords by Sir Gilbert Gerard.

23d December. The Lords sent a Copy of Mr. Seymour's, Answer.

3d January. A Message was brought from the Lords, that Mr. Seymour had petitioned for a speedy Trial; but that there was not Issue joined by Replication. Whereupon Mr. Seymoiu's Answer was read, and a Committee appointed, to prepare Evidence against Mr. Seymour, and to manage the same at his Trial.

8. Jan. The Lords sent a Message, that they had appointed that Day Seven-night, for the hearing, of the Cause, upon the Impeachment; and that this House might reply, if they thought fit.

But the Parliament was prorogued the Tenth of the same January.

Richard Thompson'i Cafe.

9 Nov. 1680. Richard Clerk, ordered

to be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant, to answer at the Bar of the House, for his high Misdemeanor, against the Privilege of the House.

6 December. The said Richard , being ia

Custody, petitioned; and the Petition was ordered to lie on the Table.

8 December. The Petition was read; and thereupon the Consideration of it, as also of the Matter of the Complaint, for which he flood committed, was referred to a Committee.

24th December. The Committee made a Report: Whereupon it was resolved, that the said Richard son be impeached.

And a Committee was appointed, to prepare the Impeachment.

5. Jan. A Petition of the said Richard Thompson was read: Whereupon it was ordered, that the Serjeant at Arms be impowered to receive l'ufficient Security for the forth-coming of the said Rickard Thompson, to answer the Impeachment of the House against him.

And the Parliament was prorogued the Tenth of the same January,

John

aa" Decembns.

8 Ann.

22° Deccmbris.

John Gowdett, and others, Cafe, in the Commons Journal.

tjpon Consideration of a Report from a Committee, to whon a Petition of the Royal Luftring Company was referred.

20th April, 1698, it was resolved, That John Gowdett, and several others, be impeached of high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

And then it was ordered. That Sir "Rowland do go up to the Lords, and, at their Bar, in the Name of all the Commons of England, impeach tire laid John Gowdett, and others, of divers high Crimes and Mifdc-meanors; and acquaint the Lords, that the House will in due Time exhibit Articles against the said Persons.

And a Committee was ordered to prepare Articles of Impeachment.

It was also ordered. That the said John Gowdet, and others, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the House.

26* April. The said John , and feme others,

that were committed, petitioned to be admitted to Bail.

Whereupon that Petition was referred to a Committee; and they to consider, in what manner Bail had been taken in like Cafes of Misdemeanor; and report the same to the House.

5th May. The Committee made a Report of the Precedents, in the same of Mr. Seymour, and Richard Thompson, only.

Then it was ordered, That the Petitioners be admitted to Bail, to answer the Impeachments of the House; and that the Serjeant be impowered to take the Bail.

And it was also ordered, That the Persons, impeached, be bound each in the Sum of£. 10,000, and their Sureties in the Sum of £* ,500 a-piece; and that the Sureties be approved by the House.

6th May.Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that

he had, by the Hands of the Serjeant at Arms, received a List of Persons, proposed by the Persons impeached, to be Sureties for them.

And thereupon it was ordered, that the Lift be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, for preparing the Articles of Impeachment; and they to report to the House, which of those Persons should be Sureties.

7th May. The Committee reported, that feme of the Sureties were approved of, and feme disapproved. ’ And the House agreed with the Committee; and ordered, that the Committee do approve of the Bond, to be entered into by the Persons, and their Sureties.

9th May. The Committee reported, that they had approved of a Bond, of £. 10,000 Penalty, to be entered into by the Party impeached, to the King, upon the Condition following:

Whereas there is an Impeachment ordered by the House of Commons against the above-bound John Gowdett, for high Crimes and Misdemeanors, before " the Lords in Parliament; if therefore the said John " Gowdett shall, from time to time, appear to, and answer, such Impeachment, and submit to, and abide,

" the Judgment of the Lords thereupon, then this Obligation to be void, or else to remain in full Force and Virtue."

To which the House agreed.

And it was ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do carry the Impeachment to the Lords, the next Morning.

loth May. Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Serjeant having prepared Bonds, for the Persons impeached, and their Sureties, to enter into, they had delivered to the Serjeant a Paper of Objections thereunto: Wrhich is entered in the Journal.

And the Persons not complying, in giving the said Security, according to the Order of the House;

It was ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn, when he shall carry up the Impeachment to the Lords against John Gowdett, and others, do acquaint the Lords, that the said Persons are in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, ready to be delivered to the Gentle-Vol. 16.

man Ulher of the Black rod, when their Lordships shall please to give Order therein.

nth May. Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, that he did the Day before go to the Lords, and, in the Name of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, and of all the Commons of England, impeach John Gowdett, and others, of high Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquainted them, that this House would in due Time exhibit Articles of Impeachment against the said Persons, and make good the feme; and also that the said Persons were in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the House, ready to be delivered to the Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod, when their Lordships should please to give Order therein.

16ch May. Sir Rozvland Gwyn reported the Articles of Impeachment against the Persons impeached; which were agreed unto by the House; and ordered to be ingrossed.

iyth May. The Articles of Impeachment, being ingrafted, were read; and by the House ordered to be carried to the Lords.

19th May. Sir Rowland Gzvyn acquainted the House, that he had delivered the Articles of Impeachment to the Lords.

In the Lords Journal, 1698.

In the same of Gowdet, and others, impeached by the Commons, for high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

18° Maii. It is Ordered, That the Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod. or his Deputy, do forthwith take into his Custody the Bodies of John Goudet, David Barreau, Peter Longuevill, Stephen Seignorett, Rene Baudowyn, Nicholas Santini, and Peter de Hearse, Merchants, and John PerJe, Gentleman, and keep them in fife Custody until further Order.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to consider the Method of receiving Impeachments, do also consider the Manor of Proceedings thereon.

19 Maii.The Karl of Rochester reported from the said Committee, that they do find, upon their Search into several Precedents, upon Impeachments, that the Persons impeached have generally been brought to the Bar of the House; where they kneeled, till they were bid to stand up; and the Clerk read the Articles; and the Speaker of the House asked them, what they had to fey for them-solves: Whereupon they deliring a Copy of them, and Counsel to be allowed them, and Time to answer; it hath been ordered accordingly; and their Answers have been afterwards delivered in by them at the Bar, and communicated to the Commons, by Message.

The feme Day John Goudett, and the other impeached Persons, were brought to the Bar by the Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod; where they kneeled, until they were bid to stand lip. And the Articles being read, and they a/ked, what they had to say for themselves; they de-lired a Copy of the Articles, and a convenient Time to answer, and Counsel to assist them.

All which was accordingly ordered; and that they do put in their Answers, in Writing, on the 25th

of this instant May.

Upon reading the several Petitions of the said John Gowdet, and the aforesaid Persons, praying to be bailed;

It is Ordered, That they do each of them enter into a Recognizance, of £.5,000 a-piece, and their several Sureties in £.5,000 more, for their respective personal Appearances before the Lords in Parliament, from Day to Day, until further Order of this House:

And, that the Lords Committees, to consider of the Method of Proceedings on Impeachments, do also consider of the Sufficiency of the Bail, to be offered by them.

20* JWait.Peter Longueville, one of the said im-

peached Persons, petitioned the House, praying to be admitted to Bail; offering Persons for his Bail, who were taken to be sufficient Sureties for his Appearance. And he was called in, and entered into# a Recognizance of £.5,000 to the Queen, and Two Sureties, of 500

a-piece,

Taking Bail in Cafes of Impeachments.

256 22* — 23 DecembrisA. 1709.

a-piece, upon Condition, That, if the said Peter

vill shall appear personally before the Lords in Parliament, from Day to Day, until the further Order of this House, then the said several Recognizances to be void, or else to remain in full Force and Virtue.

23* Mail. The Lord Herbert reported from the afore-fkld Lords Committees, appointed toconsider of the Sufficiency of the Bails, offered for John Goudct, and others, the Names of their Sureties: Which were approved of by the House; and they were called in, and entered into several Recognizances, pursuant to the Ojder aforesaid.

Motion for And a Motion being made and the Question being admitting put. That Doctor Henry Sacheverell be admitted to Bail, according to the Prayer of his Petition;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, IJJ' } 64-

Tellers for the Noes,[ } >4-

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris) 2 30 die Decembris;

Anno 8* Ann* Regime, 1709.

Praters.

Leave of S\R DE RED, That Sir William have Leave

Afefence. L/ to gQ jn(0 the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon very extraordinary Occasions.

Kent Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wri* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Kent, in the room of Sir Stephen Lennard, Baronet, deceased.

Leftwithitl Ruff el Robartes, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for

Writ. the Borough of Bodmyn, in the County of Cornwall, and alto for the Borough of Leftwithitl, in the same County, made his Election to serve for the Borough of Bodmyn.

Ordered, That Mr Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leftwithitl, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Russel Robartes, Esquire, who hath made his Election to serve for the Borough of Bodmyn, in the same County.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, during the intended Recess, except the Committee who are to prepare Articles of Impeachment against Dr. Hen. Sacheverell.

Liverpool A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Merchants, Dock. of, and trading to and from, the Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they have sustained great Losses, for want of a good Harbour, the same lying open to the Violence of the West and North-weft Winds; to prevent which, they conceive, a convenient Dock may be made there, wherein their Ships may lie safe; and to that End the Corporation of Liverpoole have granted a sufficient Quantity of waste Ground: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Corporation of Liverpoole to place Buoys, and Land-marks, at or near the Entrance into the said Port, and to perfect a Convenient Dock, for Security of all Ships trading thither.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

20

according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Thom. Johnson, Mr. Norris, and Colonel Stanley, do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Hyfli Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing a Com-baron for the Port of Hyth, in the room of the honourable John Fane, Esquire, who, since his being elected a Baron for the said Port, hath accepted of an Employment under her Majesty.

A Bill for veiling the Estate of Berrie, Esquire, Berne'* deceased, in Trustees, to be Ibid. for discharging several Mortgages thereupon, and -other his Debts, which his personal Estate will not extend to pay, and for laying out the surplus Money for the Benefit of Henrica Berrie, his Widow, and Dorothy and Henrietta, his Two Infant Daughters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Sir Francis Masham, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Mr. Tho. Harley, Mr . Poultney, Mr. Price, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Norris, Mr.

son, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Page, Mr. Sir IVm.

Huftler, Mr. Hungerford, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Gale, Mr.

Baldwyn, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Rowney,

Mr. Craggs, Sir Edward Leighton, Mr. Cornivall, Mr,

Cock burn, Mr. Pro by, Mr. Denton; and all for Devon, and Cornwall, and Somerset: And they are to meet the 10th of January next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Edwards, of Kington, in the Ditt*. County of Hereford, Clerk, and Katherine his Wife, and Joseph Lewis, of Kenvendyris, in the County of Gentleman, and Frances his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Thomas Berrie, late of Berrienarber, deceased, had an Estate of about £. 8co per Annum, subject to divers Mortgages; and had no Brother, only Three Sifters, viz. Prudence, unmarried, and the Petitioners, Katherine and Frances; and he died about February last, without Issue, intestate, and never married; but one Henrica, who pretended to be his Widow, before the Petitioners had Notice of his Death, got Letters of Administration, and is endeavouring to obtain an Act of Parliament, to vest his Estate in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Mortgages, and other Debts, and laying out the Surplus for the Benefit of the said Henrica, and her Two Infant Children: That, if the said Bill should pass, it will greatly prejudice the Petitioners Right to the said Estate: And praying, that they may be heard against the said Bill, before the same pass this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the AMiwrougfc Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Eledioo. appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk, and the Resolu-

tions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Michael Hyde, and William Shepard, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Sir Hen. Johnson, Knight, and IVm.

Johnson, Esquire, for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk:

That the Counsel for the Petitioners infilled, that Aldborough is a Borough by Prescription, and was first incorporated by Charter from King Edward the 6th; and, that the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for that Borough, is in the Burgesses, and Freemen, inhabiting within the Borough, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms:

But produced no Evidence.

That the Counsel for the fitting Members infilled, that Aldborough is a Corporation by Prescription j and, that the

L.

i:.a

U;x

L.a

Supply Bill; Malt Dutief.

*C.

Royil A (Tent to a Bill.

8 Ann.

230 Decembris. — f Januarii.

257

Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is in the Bailiffs, capital Burgesses, and other interior Burgdfes, and Freemen, not receiving Alms.

To prove which, they called

Mr. Edward Wall',who laid, he has lived in Albe-remgh 16 Years, and has been at Four or Five Elections; and that the Burgesses non refient, as well as those refient, in the said Borough, have always voted without Distinction, or Objection; and never heard the Usage in Elections for that Place was ever otherwise:

And likewise produced a Copy of a Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, dated iris, 3* Willie/mi et Mar. of a contested Election between

Sir Edward Turner, Petitioner, and IVm. Jcbnfon, Esquire, fitting Member; when it was agreed, that, if the Right

Year 1710: accordingly.

And that the Royal Assent was given

And then the House adjourned till Monday, the Ninth Day of January next. Nine a Clock in the Morning.

Luncs, 90 die Januarii j

Anno 8® Annae Reginae, 1709.

Prayers.

SEVERAL Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and Was in the Freemen, refient within the Borough, then subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the the Petitioner was elected; if in the Freemen at large. Laws made for those Purposes. then the fitting Member was elected: And it was re'

iolved, that Wm. Johnson, Esquire, the fitting Member,

was duly elected.

And that, upon this Evidence, the Committee came to the following Resolution;

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk, is in the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Freemen, not receiving Alms.

The Petitioner’s Counsel, being acquainted with the

Ordered, That Mr. Bofcawen have Leave to go into the Country for Two Months, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Members take Oaths.

Leave of Absence.

Committers.

Ordered, That Mr. Campbell have Leave to withdraw Glasgow, his Petition, touching the Election for the Boroughs of &c. Election. Glqfcow, Renfrew, Dunbarton, and Rut her glen.

Or, That the Merits of the Election for the Cardigan said Resolution, admitted, that the fitting Members had County of Cardigan, be heard before the Committee of County the Majority: Upon which, the Committee came to the Privileges and Elections upon next. Election.

following Resolutions, t>/z. — _ Mr. Farrer presented to the House (according to Supply Bill;

Order) a Bill for continuing Part of the Duties upoa Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, ana granting new Duties upon Coals’ &c' Houses, having Twenty Windows, or more, to raise the

2d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Henry Johnson, Knight, is duly elected a Bur-

gefs, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Aldlorovgb.

mi flee, That

3d, RMv'J, That it ia tha Opinion of this Cora- Sun. of Fifteen hundred boulind Pound, by way of a

.....Won, Esquire, is duly elected a Lottery, for the Serv.ce of the Yw tyio; and the Bill

J - - - - was received, and read the First time.

That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Burgrls, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of

Aldborough.

The First of the said Rdolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth

_ ... Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, appointed Sacheverell’s

agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That to draw up Articles of Impeachment against Dost or impeachment, the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for Sachever, that they had drawn up Articles accordingly, the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk, is in which they had directed him to report to the House: And the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Freemen, not receiving Alms, he read them in his Place, and afterwards delivered the The 2d and 3d Resolutions, being severally read same in at the Clerk's Table; where they were read, and a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put are as follow;

thereupon, agreed ditente.

unto by the House, Nemine

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1710, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Articles, exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, against Henry Sachever, Doctor in -Divinity, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against him for high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

WHEREAS his late Majesty King William the Third, then Prince of Orange, did, with an armed Force, undertake a glorious Enterprize, for delivering this Kingdom from Popery and arbitrary Power, and divers Subjects of this Realm, well affected to their Country, joined A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Aston. Deputy with, and assisted, his late Majesty, in the said Enterprize;

Gentleman Uftier of the Black Rad:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers:

And being returned;

and it having plealed Almighty God to crown the same with Success, the late happy Resolution did fake effect, and was established: And whereas the said glorious Enterprize is approved by several Acts of Parliament; and, amongst others, by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act, declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Suecelfion of the Crown and also by one other Act, made in the same Year, inti-

U

Mr. Speaker reported, That they had been at the House tuled, " An Act for preventing vexatious Suits against of Peers: That a Commission from her Majesty was read, " such, asafted in order to the bringing in their impowering the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, Lord " Majesties, or for their Service;" and also by one other

t* / 1 1 r r\ it 1 _1/* t . 1 a ft ! . t e 'O . ' 1/ at rv C

President, the Earl of Sunderland, and several other Lords, to give the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Vol. 16.

Act, made in the same Year, intituled, "An Act for " appropriating certain Duties, for paying the States General of the United Provinces their Charges for his Majesty's Expedition into this Kingdom, and for other

3T Uses

9* Jamarii.

A. 1709.

SachevereN’s Uses and the ACtings of the said well-affected Sub-bapeicbment. jests, in Aid and Pursuance of the said Enterprize, are also declared to have been necessary, and that the same ought to bejuftified: And whereas the happy and blessed Consequences of the said Resolution are, the Enjoyment of the Light of God’s true Religion, established among us, and of the Laws and Liberties of the Kingdom; the uniting her Majesty’s Protestant Subjects in Interest and Affection, by a legal Indulgence, or Toleration, granted to Dissenters; the Preservation of her Majesty’s sacred Person; the many and continual Benefits, arising from her Majesty’s wife and glorious Administration; and the Prospect of Happiness to future Ages, by the Settlement of the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and the Union of the Two Kingdoms: And whereas the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, did by their Address, of the Seventeenth of December, in the Year of our Lord 1705, lay before her Majesty the following Vote, or Resolution; viz. " That " the Church of England, as by Law established, which " was rescued from the extremest Danger by King fVilHam the Third, of glorious Memory, is now, by God’s " Blessing, under the happy Reign ot her Majesty, in a most late and flourishing Condition; and that whoever goes about to suggest, and insinuate, that the Church " is in danger, under her Majesty’s Administration, is an " Enemy to the Queen, the Church, and the Kingdom and by their laid Address did humbly beseech her Majesty to take effectual Measures, for making the said Vote, or Resolution, publick; and also for punishing the Authors and Spreaders of such seditious and scandalous Reports; and, on the aoth Day of the same December, her Majesty was pleased to issue her royal Proclamation accordingly: Yet nevertheless the said Henry preached a

Sermon at the Assizes, held at Derby, August the 15th, in the Year of our Lord 1709, and afterwards published the same in Print, with a Dedication thereof; and the said Henry Sacheverell also preached a Sermon at the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, before the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of London, on the Fifth Day of November last, being the anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for the Deliverance from the Gunpowder Treason, and for beginning the late happy Resolution, by giving his late Majesty a safe Arrival here, and for corn-pleating the fame, by making all Opposition fall before him, till he became our King and Governor; which said Sermon, he, the said Henry Sacheverell, afterwards like-wife published in Print, with a Dedication thereof to Sir Samuel Garrard, Baronet, Lord Mayor of the City of London; and with a wicked, malicious, and seditious Intention to undermine and subvert her Majesty’s Government, and the Protestant Succession, as by Law established, to defame her Majesty’s Administration, to asperse the Memory of his late Majesty, to traduce and condemn the late happy Resolution, to contradict and arraign the Resolutions of both Houses of Parliament, to create Jealouliesand Divisions among her Majesty’s Subjects, and to incite them to Sedition and Rebellion.

First, He, the said Henry Sacheverell, in his said Sermon, preached at Saint Paul’s, doth suggest and maintain, than the necessary Means, used to bring about the said happy Resolution, were odious and unjustifiable; that his late Majesty, in his Declaration, disclaimed the lead Imputation of Resistance; and that, to impute Re-fiftance to the said Resolution, is to call black and odious Colours upon his late Majesty, and the said Resolution.

Secondly, He, the said Henry Sacheverell, in his said Sermon, preached at Saint Paul's, doth suggest and maintain, that the aforesaid Toleration granted by Law, is unreasonable, and the Allowance of it unwarrantable; and asserts, that he is a false Brother, with relation to God, Religion, or the Church, who defends Toleration and Liberty of Conscience; that Queen Elizabeth was deluded by Archbishop Grindall (whom he scurrilously calls a falle Son of the Church, and a perfidious Prelate) to the Toleration of the Genevian Discipline; and that it is the Duty ofl'uperior Pallors to thunder out their eccle-

fiastical Anathema’s against Persons, entitled to the Benefit of the said Toleration; and insolentiy dares, or defies, any Power on Earth to reverse such Sentences.

Thirdly, He, the said Henry Sacheverell, in his said Sermon, preached at Saint Paul's, doth falsely and seditiously suggest and assert, that the Church of England, is in a Condition of great Peril and Adversity under her Majesty’s Administration; and, in order to arraign and blacken the said Vote or Resolution, of both Houses of Parliament, approved by her Majesty, as aforesaid, he, in . Opposition thereto, doth suggest, the Church to be in danger; and, as a Parallel, mentions a Vote, that the Person of King Charles the First was voted to be out of danger at the same Time, that his Murderers were conspiring his Death; thereby wickedly and maliciously insinuating, that the Members of both Houses, who passed the said Voter were then conspiring the Ruin of the Church.

Fourthly, He, the said Henry Sacheverell, in his laid Sermons and Books, doth falsely and maliciously suggest, that her Majesty’s Administration, both in ecclesiastical and civil Affairs, tends to the Destruction of the Constitution; and that there are Men of Characters and Stations in Church and State, who are false Brethren, and do themselves weaken, undermine, and betray, and do encourage and put it in the Power of others who are pro-fefied Enemies, to overturn and destroy the Constitution and Establishment; and chargeth her Majesty, and those in Authority under her, both in Church and State, with a general Male-administrat ion; and, as a publick Incendiary, he peifuades her Majesty’s Subjects to keep up a Distinction of Factions and Parties, instils groundiefs Jealousies, foments destructive Divisions among them, and excites and stirs them up to Arms and Violence; and, that his laid malicious and seditious Suggcftions may make the stronger Impression upon the Minds of her Majesty’s Subjects, he, the said Henry Sacheverell, doth wickedly wrest and pervert divers Texts and Passages of holy Scripture.

All which Crimes and Misdemeanors the Commons are ready to prove, not only by the general Scope of the same Sermons, or Books, but likewise by several Clauses, Sentences, and Expressions, in the said Sermons, or Books, contained; and that he, the said Henry Sacheverell, by preaching the Sermons, and publishing the Books, aforesaid, did abuse his holy Function, and hath most grievously offended against the Peace of her Majesty, her Crown and Dignity, the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, and the Prosperity and good Government of the fame. And the said Commons, by Protcftation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any Time hereafter, any other Article or Impeachment against the said Hen. Sacheverell, and also of replying to hisAnswers, or any of them, and of offering Proofs of all the Premises, or any of them, or of any other Article or Impeachment, that shall be exhibited by them, as the Case, according to the course of Parliament, shall require, do pray. That he, the said Henry Sacheverell may be put to answer to all and every the Premises; and that such Proceeding, Examination, Trial, Judgment, and exemplary Punishment, may be thereupon had and executed, as is agreeable to Law and Justice.

Ordered, That the Report be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Way* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, anil Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

1

tot's,

Vito I inn

-Vor;

It

1

1

lity

8 Ann.

Brydge»*

Estate.

Parke’s, &c, Debt to the Crows.

African

Trade.

Ditto.

Supply Bffl; Duties on Coals, &c.

io® — 11°

25?

Mortis, 10® d JJ

Anno 8® Ann? Regin?, 1709.

Prayers.

ABI L L for Sale of several Tenements in

near West Smithfield, the Estate of James Badges, Esquire; and for purchasing another Estate of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir Rohm Eden. Mr. Brewer, Sir Francis Mr.

Peyton, Mr. Middleton, Sir John Bland, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Vernon, Mr. 7 hompfon, Mr. Harris, Mr. Proby, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Nevill,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bay/y, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Nicholl, Mr. Duckett, Sir Wm. Gordon, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Rich. Jilin, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Booth, Mr.

Mr. Bacon; and all that serve for , and the

adjacent Counties; and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to perfect CompoGtions with the Widow and Children of Richard Parke, Merchant, and also with Wm. Malet, Esquire, as he was Surety for his

Father, while he was Receiver Genetal of the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, pursuant to Two Acts of Parliament for those Purposes, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Sir Francis Masham, Mr. Ward, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Nevill, Lord Lumley, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Farrer, Sir 7 Wheat, Sir Robert Marsham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ball, Mr. Chambers, Sir Peter King, Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert vers, Mr. Wrotejley, Mr. Whitchcote, Sir John Cope, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Conyers, Sir Richard Allin, Mr. Barker, Mr. Papiilon, Mr. Oglevie, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Herne\ and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Alter-noon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Exeter, and also of the Merchants, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; Getting forth, that by means of the Act, made in the Reign of the late King William, for opening a free Trade to Africa, greater Quantities of Woollen Manufactures have been vended in those Countries, than at any time before: And praying, that a free Trade to Africa may be continued, under such Regulations, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the ConGderation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to conGder of the Trade to Africa.

The House being informed, that Mr. Crisp, Deputy Collector of the Customs outwards, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of what Number of Ships have been cleared out for Africa, on account of the Royal African Company, and the separate Traders, and what the Duty of Ten per Cent, paid by each of them, has amounted unto, from Michaelmas, 1708, to the Firstof Novem. 1709.

And then he withdrew.

The Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the ConGderation of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to conGder of the Trade to Africa.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for continuing Part of the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and granting new Duties upon Houses, having Twenty Windows, or more, to raile the Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Vo i. 16.

Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

And the House being informed, that the Commissioners Flag Officers* of the Navy attended, according to Order; they were c' called in, and asked, by what Orders they paid the Moneys, in the Lift of the Flag Officers of the Navy, which was presented to the House the 12th Day of December last: And they said, that every particular Payment was made by Order of the Lord High Admiral.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the Commissioners, for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, do lay before this House, an Account of all Commissions, given to Flag Officers of the Navy, Gnce her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne, with the Allowances made to them, and by what Orders, and what has been paid of such Allowances.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay before this House, an Account of all contingent Money, issued to Officers of her Majesty’s Navy, Gnce her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne, and how much thereof has been accounted for.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Call of the this Day Seven-night. House.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Harley, Mr. , Beme't

Mr. Letchmere, Colonel Moreton, Mr. Morgan, Sir Wm.

Williams, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting the Estate of Thomas Berrie, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Mortgages thereupon, and other his Debts, which his personal Estate will not extend to pay, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurti, n° die;

Anno 8* Ann? Regin®, 1709.

Pr A Y E a s.

AP E TITIO N of the Planters, and Inhabitants, African of her Majesty’s IHands and Colony of Nevis, was Trade, presented to the House, and read; Getting forth, that neither the African Company, nor the separate Traders, have supplied the Petitioners with a sufficient Nutnberof Negroes; and those, they have, were at excessive Rates:

That a moderate Price of Negroes is the only Support of those Colonies, whereby they may afford to fell their Sugars cheaper than other Nations, and in greater Quantities: And praying, that the British Interest on the Coast of Africa may be preserved, and put on such a Foot, that the Negroes may be had at reasonable Rates.

Ordered, That the ConGderation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to conGder of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Tradesmen of the Ditto. Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, in behalf of themselves, and many hundred other Manufacturers of wrought Iron in the said Town, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners several Trades have very much increased,

Gnce the Trade to Africa has been laid open; and, should it be confined again to the African Company only (as they endeavour) it will confine the Petitioners to fell their Goods to one Buyer, at what Price they please, to the Petitioners Prejudice and Trade: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may continue free to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered,

African

Trade-

Ditto.

Ditto.

l6o

11° Januarii.

A. 1709.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of divers Shipwrights, Rope-makers, Sail-makers, Gon-lmiths, Anchor fir: it las, Joiners, Ship-chandlers, Braliers, Brewers, Bakers, Butchers, Block-makers, Compats-mikers, and other Artificers, and Tradesmen, dealing in Naval Architecture, and the Manufactures thereunto belonging, in behalf of themselves, and many thousand other Inhabitants of , H'apping, -

house, Rotherhithe, Deptford, Poplar, Stepney, and the

Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; felling forth, that by laying open the Trade to Africa, in 1698, the African and West I Trade, and the Navigation therein employed, have very much increased, to the Increasealfo of the Petitioners Trade*: That the Endeavours of the African Company to gain that Trade, exclusive of all others, is not only a great Detriment to the Progress of the present separate Traders, but 3U0 to its I crease by new Adventurers; and, if that Company fh iuid gain such an exclusive Trade, it will decrease the Wellcrn Navigation, and the Petitioners Livelihoods: And praying, that the African Trade may remain open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be teferred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to considerof the Trade to

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Common Council, and other the principal Merchants, and trading Inhabitants of the Borough of Plymouth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since the laying open the Trade to Africa, divers Ships have been fitted out from that Port for that Coast, to the great Benefit of the Lid Borough, and Parts adjacent, employed in the Woollen Manufactures: That, if the said Trade to Africa should be granted to the African Company, exclusive of all others, the Petitioners conceive, it will much prejudice them, and the Woollen Manufactures, and be a Discouragement to Navigation in general: And praying, that the said Trade may continue free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects, under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of England was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Trade to Africa has been ever held a Matter of high Importance to this Kingdom, and the Plantations, and that Forts and Settlements were absolutely necessary for its Defence and Improvement: That, considering the Methods of neighbouring Nations, ’tis hoped, the House will be of Opinion, that the said Trade cannot be securely and advantageously carried on, without a joint Stock, the Petitioners conceiving it the only way to serve the Plantations with a sufficient Number of Negroes, at moderate Prices, which the Petitioners did, while they enjoyed that Trade free from the Interruptions of the separate Traders: That upon the Encouragement of a Charter, granted by King Charles the 2d, in the 24th Year of his Reign, the Petitioners raised by Subscription a considerable Sum, for a joint Stock, and have since advanced several great Sums, Part of which has been expended in building, putrhafing, maintaining, and repairing. Forts and Settlements, and in improving that Trade, and encouraging divers new Manufactures to be made in this Kingdom, which were exported in great Quantities to Africa: That in the Wars the Petitioners have suffered unspeakable Losses, by frequent Captures, and injurious Practices by foreign Com-peiitars, thi ugh the Trade has been principally supported, and preterved from falling into the Hands of other Nations, at the Charge of the Petitioners, without any Advantage to themselves: That in 1697 the Parliament thought fit, as «i Means to p re serve and improve that Trade, to open the fame, by admitting all his late Majesty’s Subjects to trade to Africa for Thirteen Years,

paying 10 per Cent.on their Exports, towards the Charge

of Forts and Settlements; but that Expedient hath not anl wered the End proposed, the Natives of Africa only having reaped Advantage by it, and the Traders thither, as well as the Planters, have suffered greatly thereby: That . under all these Discouragements the Petitioners have, in order to preserve this Trade, paid in several additional Sums of Money upon their respective Shares of their joint Stock, and have, since the last Session of Parliament, so far convinced their Creditors of the present State of their Stock, that Four-fifths of them have already subscribed an Agreement, by which the Corporation will be intirely discharged from their whole Debts; and that they may not lose the reasonable Hopes of reaping some Benefit at last from the Foundation, they have laid, of securing so essential a Trade to the Nation, do pray, that they may have suitable Encouragement, to enable them effectually to carry on the Trade to Africa, with such additional Privileges, as may preserve, support, and improve it; and they are willing to submit to such Provisions, as the House shall judge reasonable, for the full Supply of the Plantations with Negroes at moderate Prices.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Afric.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Portsmouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Thomas Littleton, Baronet, deceased.

A Petition of Edward Rigby, Gentleman, Elizabeth Rigby’s, tee. Pierrepont, Widow, Henry Pagett, Esquire, Charles Egerton, Esquire, Ann Pierrepont, Dame Ann Bowyer, Sir Roger Bradfhaugh, Baronet, fVm. P, Esquire, and Jo-

fiab Haddock, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, being entitled, some in their own Right, and others in Trust, to several Parts and Shares in divers Manors, Lands, and Tenements, iu Essex, have, by Indenture, and Articles, divided the fame, in Proportion to each Party’s Share; but, by reason of the Disability of some of the Parties, the said Partition is liable to be made void: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in & Bill for confirming and establishing the said Partition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord William Pewlett, Sir Francis and Mr.

Middleton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of William ‘Frye, Esquire, was presented to Glucefl«r the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, Election-and Fra, Wyndham, Esquire, flood Candidates at the Election of a Citizen for Gloucester, in the room of Wm.

Cookt Esquire, deceased: That the County Court was adjourned to the Boothall in the City, the usual Place of Election; but the Sheriffs of the said City refused to proceed there, but went to the College Yard (where never any Poll was took) and there by Menaces, Bribery, and other indirect Prtdices, polled Alms-men, and others, not qualified; and have returned Mr. Wyndham, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was duly chosen, and ought ro have been returned: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as ta the House shall stem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter tltercof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Wortley (according to Order) presented to the OpvHight House, a Bill for the Encouragement of Learning, and vf for securing the Property of Copies of Books to the rightful Owners thereof: and the same was received; and road the First time.

Refolded,

Saehevtreir*

ImpeechmeoL

Candles,

CommitUes.

Leave of Absence.

African

Trade.

Ditto.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Seopnd time ypon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report, fro® the Coeunrtteft of Privileges and Ek&ions, touching the Rle&ioo for the Bocough of Shoroham, he received Upon Friday Morrung next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the reading a Second time the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up Articles of Impeachment against Dr. Henry Sacheverell;

Ordered That the said Report be read Paragraph by Paragraph.

Then the First Paragraph (being the Preamble to the Articles) being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report be re-committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdta for the Year,

Tdlrn for tbt Noe..^r^"’^’;/ ,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And Candles were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to the said First Paragraph,

Then the Articles, being severally read, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be the Articles, to be exhibited against the said Dr. Henry SachevercU.

Then the last Paragraph being read; the same was allb, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Articles be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

yovts, i a0 dieJanuarii;

Anno S* Anna: Regime, 1709.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. have Leave to go

into the Country for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Owners of Ships, in the Port of Whitehaven, was prefcnled to the House, and

read; setting forth, that the Petitioners wholly depend upon their Trade and Navigation, especially to the Plantations of Virginea and Maryland, where the Tobacco is principally produced by the Labour of Negroes, chiefly furnished by the separate Traders to Guinea; but should the African Company engross and monopolize the said Negro Trade, exclusive of all others, in consequence they will subject the Plantation Trade to their own arbitrary Will, and intirely discourage the Industry of the Petitioners, the People of the West Indies, and all others, and greatly prejudice the Revenue, and Navigation in general: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may be continued free and open, so that all her Majesty's Subjects may have the Benefit thereof.

Ordered, That-the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgeflfes, with the Merchants, and principal Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that their Livelihood very much depends on Navigation to the Plantations, whose Products are raised by the Labour of Negroes, brought from the African Coast: That the

Vol. 16.

African Company are endeavouring *0 get that Trade Vi themselves, exclusive of all others, which, the Petitioner^ fear (if obtained) will very much le&n the Plantation Trade, for want of Negroes, and tend to the Decrease of Navigation, and confine most of the Plantation Trade to London only, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners t And praying, that the African.Trade may be continued open to her Majesty’s Subjects, under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom it Hackney was referred to inspeift the Laws, relating to Hackney Caaeh Coaches, and consider, how they may be better regulated; By*-"w* and to enquire into the Abuses, committed by Carmen, Draymen, and Chairmen, and consider, how they may be regulated j that they had come to several Resolutionsj which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read them in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Owners of Cars, and Carts, be prohibited from loading their Cars, and Carts, with excessive Burthens, by Means whereof the Pavements of the Streets are very much damaged, and the Inhabitants put to great Charges in repairing the fame.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That empty Carts, Brewers Drays, and Hackney Coaches,

Handing in narrow Streets, and Hopping up the Ways, by means whereof Gentlemen s Coaches are oftentimes flopped, is a great Annoyance, and tends very much ta the Hindrance of Trade, and therefore ought to be restrained.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Draymen, and Carmen, ought to be prohibited from fitting in their Drays, and Carts, while driving, which is a very pernicious Practice, to the endangering the Lives of Passengers going along the Streets.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Number of Hackney Coaches to ply on Sundays, be enlarged.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a certain Number of Chairs be licensed, and regulated in the same Manner, as the Hackney Coaches now arc.

The Four first Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out "a certain Number of," and, instead thereof, to insert " all."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inserting after " be," the Word " numbered."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That all Chairs be numbered, licensed, and regulated, in the same Manner, as the Hackney Coaches now are.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that the Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr.

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Denzill Onslow, and Mr. Mountague, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare the said Bill, that they do in the Bill provide for the regulating the Abuses, committed by Carts,

Cars and Drays.

Ordered, That it allb be an Instruction, that they do provide, that further Powers be given to the Commis-

3 U sioners

i a° — 130 Januarii.

A. 1709.

Satheverall'*

Impeachment.

African

Trade.

Supply Bill; Duties ou Ceali,

Racketf*

Estate.

sioners for regulating Hackney Coaches, for the better regulating of, and preventing, Abuses, committed by Hackney Coachmen.

The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment against Doctor Henry Sacheverell, were read.

Ordered, That the said Articles be carried to the Lords,

by Mr. Dolben.

The Orders of the Day being read}

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Itey Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing Part of the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and granting new Duties upon Houses, having Twenty Windows, or more, to raise the Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pound by way of Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Colonel Sutton, Sir Humphry Briggs, Mr. Oglethorp, Sir Wm. Httfi/er Mr. Ayjlaby, Mr. Law-

fen, Sir John Packington, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Sir

Tho. Palmer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hackett, Esquire, a Minor, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock,

! Veneris, 13 Januarii;

Anno 8° Anns Regina:, 1709.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Rob AgcofNine-

i\- teen Years, or thereabouts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, having married Theodosia, the Daughter of Sir Richard OJbaldeston, with whom he is to have a considerable Fortune, is defi rous to make her a suitable Settlement, and Provision for their Issue; but cannot do it, being under Age, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for settling a Jointure upon his laid Wife, and a Settlement of his Estate upon his Ifike by her.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir William Strickland, Sir Wm. HuJUer, Mr. Strickland, and Mr. Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making effectual the Provisions, intended by William Hayward, late of Quedgly, in the County of Gloucester, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and providing Portions for his younger Children; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

0*tw»ter Ordered, That Major General 'trelawney be added to IIiuJmuc. jjC Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring 23

Pock ley’s Estate.

AoUeT* Aflat*.

Hayward’*

Eilat*.

in, the Bill for the cletftifing and preserving the Harbour of Catwater, and Sutton Peole, in and near in

the County of Devon.

A Petition of Robert Rolle, John Rolle, and Denys Rolle, Esquires, Grandsons of Sir John Rolle, deceased, and also of Denys Rolle, Esquire, the only surviving Son of the said Sir John Rolle, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Articles, dated the 16th of March, 1704, made upon the Marriage of the Petitioner Robert with Eliz. Duke, the said Sir John and the Petitioner were to settle £. 1,500 per Annum, to the Use of the Petitioner Robert, for Life, Remainder to his First and other Sons, Remainder to the Petitioners John and Denys Rolle, the Petitioner’s Brothers, and also to Denys and Cha. Rolle (now dead without Issue) and then to the right Heirs of the said Sir John: That Eliz. the Petitioner Robert’s Wife, was to have a Jointure of £. 800 per Annum, and Sir John and the Petitioner were to settle all their Estates, other than the said £. 1,500 per Annum, to the Use of Sir John, for Life, with Remainders over? which last Effaces were to be charged with £. 10,000 for younger Children of that Marriage; and Sir John had also Power to charge the Premisses (the jointure Lands excepted) with £.15,000 for Debts, Legacies, younger Children and Grandchildren’s Portions; and by the Articles aforesaid they covenanted to suffer a Recovery, in order to make good the said Settlement; which was done in Sir John’s Life time; who by his Will directed his Debts,

Legacies, and younger Children’s Portions, to be paid out of the£. 15,000 aforesaid: That afterwards, \n October, 1706 (Sir John then being dead) the Petitioner settled all his Estate, pursuant to the said Articles, in Trustees, by leafing, or mortgaging, to raise 15,000 for Payment of Sir John’s Debts and Legacies, and Portions, the same amounting to more; and the Petitioner Robert has also contracted Debts, in repairing the old Mansion-house of the Family, and purchasing Lands lying near it, of about £.8,000. That the Trustees, finding, they could not raise Money, sufficient to pay the said Sums, by leafing, have endeavoured to mortgage sufficient Estates; but, because no Deed appears, to lead the Uses of the Recovery, they cannot borrow the same: That there arc fevc-ral small Parcels of Land, not liable to the said Jointure, lying at great Distance from the Bulk of the Estate, which cannot be managed, to pay even the Interest of Sir John's Devise; which he intended to fell, and which the Trustees have no Power to dispose of, though all the Petitioners are of Age, and the Trustees consenting to sell the same:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable Trustees to fell fbme Out-parts of the Estate of the Petitioner Robert (not in Jointure, as aforesaid) for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Sir John Rolle, and his younger Childrens Portions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Serjeant Hooper, and Mr. Mervin, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Serjeant at Arms acquainted the House, That, in impwhlwt.* pursuance of their Order, of the 15th of December last, he did Yesterday deliver Doctor Hen. Sacheverell to the Deputy of the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod, and had taken a Discharge for him on the Back of the Lords Order; which Order, and Discharge, is as followeth; viz.

Die Jovis, 12" Januarij, 1709. WHEREAS Doctor Henry Sacheverell now stands impeached before this House by the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, of divers high Crimes and Misdemeanors, and is now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending the House of Commons;

It is Ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, that the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod, attending this House, his Deputy or Deputies, do forthwith take into their Custody the said

SMi

Et&

8 Ann.

i 3° Januarii.

263

I*.

fa*

Math.

Cler. Parliamentor.

laid Do dor Henry Saebeveretl, and keep him in life Custody, until further Order of this House: And this shall be a sufficient Warrant on that Behalf.

To Sir David Mitchell, Gentleman Ulherof the Black Rod, attending this House, his Deputy and Deputies, and every of them.

12* January, 1700.

Then received the Body of Dr. Hen. Sacheverell from the Hands of Mr. Serjeant W

David Davis.

Morning, with about 12 more Voters; and that he was then asked by Mr. Collitu to vote for Colonel Lloyd.

John Barber said, that on the Day of Election he met one of the Sheriff’s Bailiffs, who told him, that, if he did not vote for Colonel Lloyd, he had Orders to arrest him for £.< he owed to one Mrs. Luck: but that, if he would vote for the Colonel, Mr. Blue told him, that Money should be paid for him: That he had not voted for the Colonel, but under such Promise, though he has been Cnee forced to pay the Money himself.

Elias Fry said, that he keeps a publick House in New Shoreham, and received £. 5 from Mr. before the

ftiorrJiam

Tejle of the Writ, to entertain such Persons, as would vote Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the for Colonel Lloyd: That, after the the Writ, he

Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as drew Drink, to the Value 11, but had no Orders it appeared to them, touching the Election for the for it, either from Colonel , or Mr.; but

Borough of Shoreham, in the County of Suffer, and the several of Colonel Lloyd's Friends desired him to do it, Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which Report and told him, that, if the Colonel would not pay for it, -and Resolution he read in his Place, and afterwards they would pay for it themselves: That on the Election

delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Tho. EJtvards, and Michael Diar, Inhabitants of the Borough of New in the County of Suffer, complaining of an undue

Day he told Colonel Lloyd in the Church Yard (where the Poll was taken) that there was £. 11 due to him; and the Colonel told him, he should be paid.

That the Counsel for the fitting Member produced a Bill of Particulars, expended on Colonel Lloyd's Election, and Return, of Richard Lloyd, Esquire, Account; which Note, being read to him, he owned to

for the said Borough. be the fame, he spoke of in his Evidence: And the said

That the Counsel for the Petitioners did not controvert Note appeared to amount to £.18. i$s. of which £. 5 the Right of Election in the said Borough, neither the was received; and was dated the 5th of April, 1708. fitting Member's having the Majority of Votes; but that Mr. said, that he, being at the kept by

he procured such Majority, and himself to be returned, one Tweedale, was invited up Stairs; where Colonel by treating after the Tcfte of the Writ, and other undue Lloyd was present, with many of the Voters; and was Practices, in Breach of the Laws about Elections. there treated, and asked for his Vote.

To prove which, they called several Witnesses; viz. Richard Smith said, he was in Colonel Lloyd's Com*

7 ofeph IVajbford-, who said, that he was treated several pany at the Dolphin; and Mr. Blue asked him to vote for

Times, and in several Places, after the Tejle of the Writ, the Colonel; and the Colonel told him, if he did so, it

by Mr. Collins 1 viz. lay in his Way to serve him; for that he should have

At Mr. Holder's and Mr. Glafpool's, publick Houses; Occasion for a considerable Quantity of Cloaths for his where were John Deane, Wm. Daniel, and about a Dozen Negroes in the Plantations; and, under the Expectation

more Voters, who were there asked their Votes for of that Promise, he voted for Colonel Lloyd.

Colonel Lloyd: Walter OJbome, the returning Officer, being called.

As also at Mr. Collins' own House, the Morning of laid, he made the Return, pursuant to the Votes given at the Election Day; where several other Voters were also the Election, without any Influence from any Person

but Mr. Collyns

whatsoever.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners desired, An Act, 7* et 8* Gul. 3", intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve " in Parliament/’ might be read: Which was read accordingly.

The Counsel for the fitting Member alleged, that

entertained with Brandy and Punch, docs not keep a publick House.

John Holder said, that he knows Mr. Collyns solicited Votes for Colonel Lloyd-, and that, some Time before the Tejle of the Writ, there was £. 3 ordered to be paid to every publick House in the Town, for the Entertainment of such, as would vote for Colonel Lloyd-,whereof he received 40/. in Part, before the Tejle of the Writ, what Entertainments were made, wherein any Votes were and afterwards 20 s.more; which was ordered to be desired for Colonel Lloyd, were made before, and not made into Punch on the Sunday before the Election, after, the Tejle of the Writ; and that, on the contrary, which was after the Tejle of the Writ; at the drinking Arid Orders were given, for preventing Treating after whereof, there were several Persons, who voted for Colonel the Tejle of the Writ: And, to prove the fame, called Uoyd: That the 20s. was paid him by Mr. Collins. several Witnesses; n

Henry Partington said, that one, who called himself James; who said, that whatever Treats were

Mr. James (but since goes by the Name of Blue) came made upon Colonel Lloyd's Account, were before the Tejle to him, and solicited his Vote for Colonel Lloyd, after of the Writ; which he the better remembers, keeping the Tejle of the Writ; and? for that Purpose, invited a publick House at; and he received positive

him, and his Wife, to an Entertainment of Pullets and Orders, not to make any Entertainments for Colonel Wine at the Dolphin: And the said Partington telling Lloyd after the Tejle of the Writ; and that the^. 5 Treat, him, he owed between £. 5 and £. 6, and that must be spoke of by the Petitioners Witnesses, was generally in satisfied, if he voted for the Colonel, Mr. Blue told him, one Day, before the of the Writ; and that Colonel it should be taken care of; but that the Money was was recommended to the Borough, as a very honest

never paid; And his Wife confirmed her Husband’s worthy Gentleman, by Mr. Wicker and his Son. Evidence, as to the Treat. John gave the same Testimony; and denied.

That the Counsel for the fitting Member, to invalidate that Mr. Poole was ever at his House with Colonel Partington's Testimony as to the pretended Promise of and that the said Pool is a Gentleman of no very good the£. 5 or £. 6, produced a Letter, dated 20th February, Character.

1704, which, he owned, he ordered to be sent to Colonel Mr. James Blue said, that Colonel Uoyd was a Stranger Lloydi whereby he deflres the Colonel to stand his Friend to him, till recommended to the Borough by several so far as to lend him £. 3 or ^.4, till he could get into Gentlemen of the belt Rank, in or near the said Borough, Work, and the first Money he could get, he would and by several considerable Merchants from the City of return it to him again. London.

Robert Witten laid. That he was at the Treat, that was And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee made at Mr. Collins* House the Election Day, in the came to the following Resolution; viz.

Vo 1. Id, Resolved,

264 130 — 140 — 16* Januarii. 1709.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed And the fam* tfaS twico raa&ttd, upon the Question.

That Rickard Lloyd, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgefe, put thereupon, agreed unto bp the Hanse, to be mad# to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shorekam, Part of the Bill.

in the County of Sussex. Ordered, That the Bittr wkb the Amendments, be

The said Resolutkm being read a Second time, ingrossed.

tiejolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- That the Bill for Encouragement of Learn- Copyright

rnittee* in the said RefohitKjnr, That Rtihard Moya, an(j for securing t^e property of Copies of Books °fJsex>ks. Esquire* is duly elc&ed a Burgess> to serve in Parlitoaent to rightful Owners thereof, be read a Second time for the Borough of NewShorefom, id the County of Sussex, upon xharjiay Morning next.

axityi . Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- , That Sir John Aubrey, Mr. Gale, ant} Mf. Hacket'*

n5*l» refo, ve 'tfe,f into a Cornmrttee of the whole andaH that serve for the Counties of York and

House, to consider further of Ways and Means rot ralung be added to the Committee to whom the

the Supply granted to hot Majesty. Petition of Hacket, Esquire, is referred.

And then the Hoafe adjourned till , To-morvoir

Morning, Nine a Clock. And then the House adjourned till

Morning, Nine a Clock.

mU s.irf LA. ----- -- — ----- - — 1 —

lev-

Srr

Catwator

Harbour.

s

Sabbatiy 14* die;

Amro I. Ann* Regime, 170$.

Prayers.

IR Robert Eden (according to Order) preferred to

the House, a Bill for clearing, preserving, and main taining, the Harbour of Catwater, lying near Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for cleaning, and keeping clean, the Pool, commonly called Sutton Pool, lying ift

Luna, 16° die Januarii;

Anno S* Anna Regina, 1709%

pRA YRRS.

A PETITION of Joseph Poke, one of the Sureties of pak.’» Debt Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the to the Crown. County of Suffolk (with whose Sureties an Act was passed the last Session, to enable the Lord Treasurer to make a Composition) was presented to the House, and read;

Plymouth aforesaid ;and the Bill was received, ind read setting forth> that the Petitioner, with the rest of the the First time. Sureties of the said Pacey, did obtain the said Act of Par

Ptrtb County EU&ion.

Fife County Election,

Passing

Sheriffs

Accounts.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Haldane have Leave to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election for Perthjbite.

Ordered, That Sir John Afflrutber have Leave to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election for the Shire of Fife.

Supply Bill; Duties on Coals, &c.

liament; but, by wrong Information of the Petitioner’s Circumstances, the Lord Treasurer allotted the Petitioner to pay the Sum of £.739. 9*. for his Proportion; which is near double the Value of the Petitioner’s whole Estate, being only a Tenant for Life, near 60 Years of Age, and utterly unable to raise the said Sum: And praying, that the Lord Treasurer may be enabled to make such a Composition with the Petitioner, as may be in Mr. Vice-chimberlaifi (according to Order) presented some Degree proportionable to his Circumstances. to the Hcrufe, a Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Accounts; and the Bill was received, and read the |>e referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to First time. impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Perfect Compositions with the Widow and Children of Tuesday Morning next. r Robert Parke, Merchant, and also with Malett,

_ Esquire, as he was Surety for his Father, while he was

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) Reported from the Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bristol, pursuant to Two Acts of Parliament for those continuing Part of the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Purposes, is committed; and that they do examine the Cinders, and granting new Duties upon Houses, having Matter thereof, and report the same to the House: And Twenty Windows, or more, to raise the Sum of Fifteen -- - .

hundred thousand Pound by way of a Lottery, for the Service of th^ Year 1710, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty Saven-oak* once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by of the ancient Town of Rye, in the County of Sussex, Road3, one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

(with some Amendments to fevetal of them) agreed unto that, if the Bill, depending in the House, for repairing by the House. the Highways, leading from Seven-oaks to Woodsgate,

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That and , in the County of Kent, should pass.

Receivers may receive Money before they have their it will greatly prejudice their Fiflrermen, that carry

Herrings, Mackrel, flat and other Fish, for London; and that the worst of the Road to London, lying between Rye and Tonbridge, a Turnpike at Tonbridge will be of no Service to the Petitioners: And praying, that they may be exempted from paying any Duty or Toll, in cale the said Bill should pals.

Ordered, That tire Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

that Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Gott, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Corrance, be added to the said Committee.

Books, giving a Receipt for the fame, and afterwards Tickets, when they have their Books

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, touching Houses, having above Thirty Windows, but let at small Rents.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the BUI, That Coals carried frotn Sterling to Dunbar, shall not be taxable.

Leave of Ab fence.

Ordered, 'Diat Mr. Akock have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of hrs Health.

Mr. Comers presented to the House (according to Lord Order), a bill for vetting Part of the Estate of the Lord rsD 1001

#1

Viscount

Estate.

Vrifi*

‘Mi

uUifc,

8 Ann. i6° — 17 0 J

Viscount Grandi/on, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts charged thereon; and the Bill was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

ttvfrpoole Sir Thomas Johnson (according to Order) presented to Pock. the House, a Bill for making a convenient Dock or Docks at Leverpoole, for the Security of all Ships, trading to and from the said Port of and the same was

received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Seven-oaks A for the repairing and amending the Highways, Roads. leading from Seven-oaks to Wood/gate and 7*

in the County of Kent, was read a Second time.

Re/o'ved\That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brewer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. AnnejMr. Pelham, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Hampden, Sir Fra. Alasham, Lord Pow/ett, Mr. Coventry, Sir Cha. Hedges, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Gott, Sir IVm. Scawen, Sir Henry Sir

Robert Eden, Mr. Archer, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Mr. Chnfe, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Moor, Mr. Peyton-, and all that serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Surry, and the Cinque Ports: And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, of the ancient Town of Rye, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

considerable Credits, yet they mostly consist in Book Debts, and unftated Accounts, very long and intricate, and several Demands upon them are also long, and unsettled; so that, should their Creditors proceed to recover their Debts by the common Rules of Law, or Equity, in all Probability it will take up many Years Time, and Expence, and consume most of the Effects, to the Ruin of many of the Creditors: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vetting the Estate and Effects of the said Coggs and Daun in Trustees, for the speeaier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will also, upon Saturday Morning next, take into Consideration the Laws, relating to Bankrupts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 170 die "Januarii;

Anno . 8* Annas Reginx, 1709.

Praters.

AB 1LL for making a convenient Dock or Docks Liverpool at Leverpoole, for the Security of all Ships, trading Dock, to and from the said Port of Leverpoole, was, (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

tnpply Bill; An ingrafted Bill for continuing Part of the Duties Dutiet on upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and granting new 6. c. upon Houses, having Twenty Windows, or more,

to raise the Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pound by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710, was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to the Bill, to excuse Houses, under £.10 per Annum, which have above Thirty V indows.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

Jt passed in the Negative.

R.fj/ved, That the B’li do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing Part of the Duties upon Coals,. Culm, and Cinders, and granting new Duties upon Hooks, having twenty Windows, or more, to raise the Sum of Fifteen bundled thousand Pound by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer Jo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Debtor* A Petition of the poor miserable insolvent Debtors, PetnioB. now Prisoners in the Cattle Gaol for the County of

cesler, was presented to t he House, and read; setting forth, that they are reduced to such extreme Want, that most of them (if not speedily relieved) will perish, for lack of Bread, as several have already done, through the Dear-ness of C’orn: And praying, a Bill may be brought in for their Liberty, upon any Terms, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

rardisan OrdeieJ, That the Report from the Committee of County Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the Litaion. County of Cardigan, be received upon Morn-

ing next.

CVn’sDebu. A Petition of fevcrrl of the Creditors of John Coggs, and John Daun, Goldsmiths, and Copartners, in behalf of themselves, and other the Creditors of the said Coggs and Daun, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Coggs and Daun, being indebted to the Petitioners, aid other Creditors, about £.80,000, about Wednesday lait ttopt Payment; and, upon Enquiry, the Petitioners find, that, although 'Coggs and Daun have very Vo l. 1G.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- Flag Officers, missioners of the Navy attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented, A Collection of the contingent Money, iffbed to the Flag Officers of her Majesty’s Navy since her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne, and how much thereof has been accounted for.

And then they withdrew.

The Title of the said Collection was read.

Ordered, That the said Collection do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Collection is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Virtualing Majesty, that ftie will be pleased to give Directions to Land Forces, the Commissioners for victualing the Navy, that they may lay before this House, an Account of what Proviftons have been iftucd by them, to victual the Land'

Forces, and what Allowances have been made for the fame. '

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her*

Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hayward’s for making effectual Provisions, intended by Estate.

Hayward, late of Quedgley, in the County of Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and providing Portions for his younger Children, was read a1 Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm.

Powlett, Earl of Hert/ord, Colonel Moreton, Sir Rich.

Temple, Mr. Whitmore, Lord Willoughby, Mr.

Sir John Gui/e, Mr. Laugharne, Mr. Wyndham, Mr.

Nevill, Sir John Packington, Sir John Holland, Mr. Wyld,

Mr. Gray, Sir Walt. Tong, Mr. LeMr.

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Tate, Sir Tho. W, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Francis Ma/ham, Mr. White, Mr.

Rice, Mr. Bertie-, and all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Wilts, and Salop: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Hu/ller reported from the Committee, to Hacketfs whom the Petition of John Hackett, Esquire, was referred, Estate.

3 X the

1

Call of the House.

Kennet

Navigation.

riag Officers,

See.

C^tirts of Justic iary, Scotland.

266

the Matter specially, touching the Notice given in , (according to the standing Order of the House) of the Petitioner’s Intention to make Applicatian to the Parliament for a Bill; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner caused publick Notice to be set up in all the Courts of Dublin, and other publick Places there, on the 29th Day of October, 1709; a printed Copy whereof he produced

to the Committee.

That Dublin is the Place where all the Trustees live; and that Mr. Yeung, who attended the Committee, laid, he had Orders from Mr. Meredith (Agent for the Trustees) to attend the Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee do proceed upon the said Petition only against the said Trustees therein mentioned, they having employed an Agent to attend on their behalf.

The House was (according to Order) called over; and the Names of such Members, as made Default to appear, were noted down.

Ordered, That the calling over the Names of such Members, as made Default to appear, be adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

1709.

against any Person, and his Name concealed, for fear of being murthered by the surviving Relations of the Delinquent; but those Circuit Courts, and the Method of exhibiting Crimes, has been long dil'continued, and, not in use for many Years before the Jate Union; and now, since the Lords of the Circuit have revived those Customs, and expect the same Attendance, as formerly their Kings had, and fine and imprison for Non-attend- . ance, it is a great Hardship and Grievance upon the Petitioners, and her Majesty’s Subjects of North Britain: And praying, that a Bill may be brought in, for freeing, the Petitioners from thatflavilh and unnecessary Attendance upon the Circuits; and to declare the Justices of the Peace of North Britain to have the same Powers and Privileges, as the Justices of South Britain, so that in every thing, that concerns the Liberty of the Subject, they may be put on the same Foot with their FelJow-subjects.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir David Ramsey, Mr. Carnege, Sir Alexander Commyns, Mr. Bayly, Sir Peter King, Sir John Ilaioles, and Mr. Ltchmcre, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make the same to extend to all North Britain.

1 f — 18° Januarii.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 18* die Januarii;

Anno 8* Anna Regina, 1709.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor and Burgesses, and other chief Inhabitants of the Borough of in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the River Kennet, in Berkshire, from Reading to Newbery, is capable of being made

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Hol/ord and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing Part of the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and granting new Duties upon Houses, having Twenty Windows, or more, to raise the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pound by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; Duties on Coals, &c.

Sir Francis Majfam reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for

navigable; which (if effected) will be of publick Advan- the Time being, to perfect Compositions with the Widow tage, and preserve the Highways, improve Trade, and increase Watermen: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said River Kennet navigable from Reading (o Newbery.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that

Mr. Nevill, Mr. Topham, and Mr. Pocklington, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Dodington (from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) presented so the House,

An Account of all Commissions, given to the Flag

Officers of the Navy since her Majesty’s happy Accession pound with the Sureties of the said Pacey

to the Throne; and also.

An Account of the Allowances, made to the Flag Officers of the Navy since her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne, and by what Orders, and what has been paid of such Allowances.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Lord Treasurer’s Warrant, that the Petitioner was allotted to pay, £. 739. 9 a 7 fd. for his Proportion of Pacey's Debt, due to the Crown.

That the Committee, upon Examination of the Petitioner’s Circumstances, find,

That the Petitioner, by Profession, is a Surgeon; and that he has not, nor ever had, any other real Estate, than

The said Accounts arc bound up with the other Papers what he purchased by his own Industry, which cost him

of this Session.

A Petition, and Representation, of the Justices of the Peace, and the Barons, and Freeholders, within the County of Kincardine, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the old Laws and Constitution of Scotland, when their Kings went their Circuits iri Pclfbn, the Freeholders attended them in their respective Counties, for the Safety of their Persons, and for suppressing Tumults, when Family Feuds were too frequent there, under a Fine at Pleasure; and also any Person might privately inform of all Sorts of Crimes

»8

in the whole but £. 1,460.

That Part of the F.state, so purchased, consists in a Farm, lying in North Cove and Worlinghatn, in the County of Suffolk, now let at £.78 per Annum, which, with Allowances to the Tenant, reduce it to £. 76 Annum; and was purchased at £. 1,300 to the Petitioner, and his Heirs.

That £.45 per Annum (Part of this Estate) was settled in Jointure upon the Petitioner’s first Wife, and the llTue of their Two Bodies.

That (he died, leaving Issue Five Children, Four whereof are now alive.

That

Park’s, Arc. Debt to the Crown.

and Children of Richard Park, Merchant, and also, with-IVm. Malet, Esquire, as he was Surety for his Father, while he was Receiver General of the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, pursuant to Two Acts of Parliament for those Purposes, is committed, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Petition of Joseph Poke, one oif the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, Jate Receiver General for the County of Suffolk; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth ;* viz.

That there was such Act of Parliament pafi*ed, as in the Petition, to impower the Lord Treasurer to com-

African

Trade*

Fraudulent

Conpera

Vefltk

8 Ann.

18" Januarii.

267

That other Part, not settled in Jointure, was mortgaged by reason whereof, many Thousands are defrauded of to one Mrs. Church for £. zco, not yet paid; which was their just Measure, in Beer, Ale, and Vinegar, and their Part of the Purchase Money. Weight in Soap: And praying, that Leave may be given

That other Part of the said Premisses, of about £. 14 to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing all per Annum, net settled on the Petitioner’s first Wife, nor Coopers in England from making such fraudulent Calks, mortgaged, were settled, upon his Marriage with his , That Leave be given to bring in a BiJl

now Wife, the Widow of Robert Knight, for their Lives, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that

their Decease, to the right Heirs of the there is one Daughter by the Second

and, alter Petitioner:

And, that Venter.

That another Part of his real Estate is the House he now lives in, worth about /. par Annum; which, together with an Out-house, for making Red Herrings, now demohlhcd, was pure haled by the Petitioner for £. 160 to him, and his Heirs.

That, upon Enquiry into the Petitioners personal Estate,

Mr. Aldred said, that the Petitioner purchased a Lease

Mr. Ward \Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Wm. , and Sir

Gilbert Heathcott, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ways and Means.

A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. AJion, Deputy Royal Assent Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: ®ll*‘

Mr. Speaker,

the Queen commands this honourable House to attend

of the Dean and Chapter of Norwich, of Marsh Land, her immediately in the House of Peers.

renewable every Seven Years, worth about/1. 5 per Annum, which cost the Petitioner /. 35 Purchase Money; and that he pays for. per Annum Rent for it: And never heard, that the Petitioner had any other personal Estate, except the Houshold Goods; but knows, he owes Money upon B md.

That Mr. Aldred laid, lie is Executor of the said Mr. Robert Kngbt; and that he left his Widow but /. 24

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers:

And being returned:

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been plealed to give the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled, An Afor continuing Part of the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and granting new Duties upon Houses, having Twenty Windows, or more, to raise the

per Annum, for her Life, Remainder to her Daughter; bum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a

and that he actually pays it to Mrs. Poke’s own Hands, for the Maintenance of her Daughter, pursuant to a Promile made before Marriage with Mr. Poke.

Mr. Carleton, late Vicar of Ltrweftaff, said, that for

Six Years, while he was Vicar there, he was very converted with the Petitoner; and that he never heard, that he had any personal Estate. And both Mr. Carleton and Mr Aldred laid, the Petitioner always had the Character livered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the Report and

Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Cardigan Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the County of Cardigan, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards de-

of a very honrft Man, and took great Pains in his Pro-section: And the Petitioner affirmed, that he had no other real or personal Estate, than as aforesaid; and that he owes /. 150 upon Bond, and is otherwise indebted to several Persons.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, have Power to provide therein, for the enabling the Lord Treasurer to make a Composition with the said 'jOjtph Fake, according to die Prayer of his Petition.

Resolution were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Esquire, complaining of an undue Ele<ftion, and Return, of Lewis Price, Esquire, for the County of Cardigan:

That the Numbers on the Poll, were.

For the fitting Member - 383:

For the Petitioner - 347.

But the Counsel for the Petitioner infilled, that the Majority of Votes was procured for the fitting Member by Menaces, and other undue and illegal Praiftices; as also by the Partiality of the Sheriff in the Execution of his Office, and by his refusing to administer the Oath of Abjuration, though thereunto required: To prove which, they called several Witnesses; viz.

Lewis Paughan, Esquire, John Williams, Esquire, Walter Lloyd, Esquire, the Lord Lisburn: Who said

A Petition of the Shipwrights, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, and other Trade! men, concerned in Snipping and Navigation, in and about London, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Royal African Company, by their Trade to Guinea, have greatly contributed to the Petitioners Support, which Trade, from that they were present at the last Eleiftion for the County the Jate Discouragements the Company has met with o and that some Reflections having been

under the present Settlement, is greatly diminished, and made on the Petitioner, as if he had lplit Freeholds, to in danger of being loll to the Nation: And praying, that multiply Votes, the Petitioner, and his Friends, made a the House will grant the said Company such further Pri- Proposal to the fitting Member, that every Voter should vileges, as may encourage them to carry on that Trade, be sworn as to the Time of his having had a Freehold, *n rh- Ui npfir nf tlw» P.*ririon^re -mil rV>/» NTaiinn in in order to prevent lplit Votes; as allb, that all Persons,

suspected to be under Age, should be obliged to prove

to the Benefit of the Petitioners, and the Nation in general.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

the contrary; but that such Proposal was rejected by the fitting Member.

That, instead thereof, it was agreed, for the regular taking of the Poll, that it should be by Tens, or A Petition of the Mailer and Wardens, or Keepers, Twenties, on each Side alternately; and the Poll was of the Commonaity of Freemen of the Mistery of carried on accordingly, from Wednesday, the 2d of June Coopers of London, and the Liberties thereof in behalf 1708, till Friday following', about Six a Clock j when a of themselves, and the said Commonalty, was presented Proposal was made to poll Twenty more on each Side, to the House, and read; letring forth, that by an Act of and then to adjourn the Poll till next Day: And the Parliament, of 23 Hen. Viii, the said Company are fitting Member, having polled Twenty Votes, the Pe-vested with certain Powers, to prevent, and punilji, all titioner proceeded to do folikewite; but there appearing Frauds, committed by Coopers within the Cities of Lon- at that Time but 19 (the20th Person being confined from don and Westminster, and Two Miles thereof, who make giving his Vote) the Sheriff, contrary to the Agreement,

Brewers V e fie Is, or Soap-makers Calks; but the Powers, refilled to adjourn the Poll to the next Day, and proceed-given by the said Statute, are not sufficient to prevent, and ed to poll die fitting Members Voters; whereby he pro-punish, Coopers from making such fraudulent Vessels; cured himself a Majority that Night; for that several Yot. 16. Freeholders, ’

68

18° Januarii.

A. 1709.

Cardigau

County

tlccUuH,

Freeholders, who would have voted for the Petitioner, depending upon the Poll’s being adjourned over till Saturday, went away from the Court; all which Votes were loft to the Petitioner, by the Sheriffs refusing to adjourn the Poll, as aforesaid: But none of these Witnesses could name any Person who would have voted for the Petitioner, and were not polled before the (hutting up the

Morgan Howells, Esquire, laid, that the fitting Member, about Nine Days before the Election, treated him, and about 12 or 15 Gentlemen of the Country, at or.e Evan Reece'% House, about Six Miles from Cardigan-, but they were most of them Relations to the fitting Member, or Justices of Peace.

That the fitting Member’s Counsel infilled, that a

Books, except one Evans, who was said to be confined in Scrutiny ought not to be granted in an Election for a Gaol, till the Poll was over. County; and that the fitting Member was duly ele^ed,

That, upon the Sheriff’s doling the Poll, the Peti- having a Majority of 36 on the Poll, after all the Petitioner complained of his Partiality, and told him, he should tioner’s Votes were polled.

hear thereof in the House of Commons: And then a That Five or Six Proclatnadons were made in Court, Scrutiny was demanded, but refused by the Sheriff. before the Poll was closed; and that there was no manner

That, during the Poll, one ‘Thomas Reece came to vote for the Petitioner, but, upon the Sheriff’s stepping off the Bench, and brandishing his Cane at him, he voted for the fitting Member.

That one Mr. Oliver Howell coming to poll, who has

of Partiality in the Sheriff, during the Election; To prove which they called several Witnesses;

Mr. Walter Llovd, Mr. John Ford, Mr. Ti/JIey, and Mr. Cha. Lloyd:Who laid, that they were present during the Election; and have been at several Elections; but

long lain under the Imputation of a Nonjuror, the Sheriff never fiiw one transacted with leis Partiality in a returning was desired by the Petitioner, and his Friends, to admi- Officer, than in the then Sheriff) who is a Gentleman of /filter the Oath of Abjuration to him, before he was fuf- near Eighty Years of Age.

fered to poll; but the Sheriff refused to tender the said Oath to him, laying, he knew no Law, that enjoined him so to do; and buffered the Paid Howell to poll: And when the Act of Parliament was shewn to the Sheriff) in relation to the said Oath, he laid, he would consider of it.

Mr. John Williams laid further, that, upon comparing the Lists of the Freeholders, he was satisfied, had not the

That the Preliminaries were agreed to; That no Persons, who were suspected to be under Age, should vote, till they produced Vouchers to their Age:

And that the Votes for each Candidate should poll alternately, by Twenties.

Which Agreement was punctually complied with; and the Freeholders were Iworn, according to the Act of

Sheriff broke the Agreement of adjourning the Poll on Parliament in that behalf; and no Voter, objected to by the Friday Night, there would have voted so many more the Petitioner, was suffered to poll, till all Objections

for the Petitioner the next Day, as would have made a were removed.

Majority for the Petitioner. That on the Friday Evening, being the last Day of the

Mr. Walter Lloyd further said, that he was with the Election, the fitting Member having polled his Twenty Petitioner, when the Sheriff told them, that he had Votes, in his Turn, the Petitioner endeavoured so to do, £. 10,000 Security offered him by Mr. Lewis, to indem- but flopp’d some Timeat 14, and at last could poll but 19; nify him, if he returned Mr. Pugh, who was expected to whereupon the Court waited about an Hour and an Halt, have flood; and that, when the Sheriff, contrary to the for the Petitioner's Voters to come in; and no one appear-Agreement, would poll on for the fitting Member on the ing, the fitting Member demanded, he might proceed to Friday Night, he was told, there would be several more poll his Voters; which he did accordingly; and Five or Freeholders to vote for the Petitioner the next Day, and Six Proclamations being made in Court, and no Pei ion was therefore desired to adjourn the Poll till that Time j appearing, to vote for the Petitioner, the fitting Member which he refused to do: But the said Mr. Lloyd, nor Mr. left off polling, though he had several Peri'ons then ready' Williams, did not name any such Persons, who would to poll for him, and desired, the Books might be closed; have voted. which was done accordingly; and all Five Books (which

The Lord Lijhurn laid further, that the Poll was broke Books were taken by Five several sworn Clerks) perledlly up in a great Disorder and Confusion, several Gentle- agreed; and it appeared by all the said Books, that the men coming drunk upon the Bench, and cried out for a fitting Member had a Majority of 36 Votes; upon

~~ ~ which the Petitioner told the fitting Member,

Poll; and t hough a Scrutiny was demanded of the Sheriff, it was refu/ed.

Wm. John Evans gave his Evidence by an Interpreter; and said, that on Friday, the last Day of the Poll, he went, about 12 a Clock, to fee a Friend of his, who was in the County Gaol; and that, when he would have come out, he was told by the Prisoners, that the Gaoler was absent, and that nobody else had the Command of the Door; so that he was forced to flay till the Gaoler’s Return, which was not till the Election was over; He owned, he came to Cardigan Two Days before.

Mr. William Hughs laid, that he knows Reece Owen, who is put down in the Poll for the fitting Member, voted for Mr. Pugh.

Thomas Richards, Clerk, laid, that he is Chaplain of St. Mary's in Cardigan, and his Salary was 10 per An-

num-, but when Mr. Laugharnchad the Estate, he allowed him 40J. a Year more; and, about Three Years alter

the Petitioner told the fitting Member, he had carried the Election fairly, and wished him Joy of it.

That, as to Mr. Oliver Howells, he is well known to be a Person well-affected to the Government, and is now, and has been several Years, a practising Attorney.

That, when he came to poll, he took the Oath of a Freeholder, and was polled accordingly; and afterwards, there being an Offer made, that the Oath of Abjuration might be tendered to him, he told Mr. Griffith Lloyd, a Justice of Peace in a neighbouring County, that he knew, he had taken that Oath before him, and was ready to take it again; and, it not being in Court at that Tune, he would attend, for that Purpose, the next Morning; and did lo accordingly: And that he, the said Lloyd, knows, Mr. Howell has taken the said Oath several Times.

That the said Mr. Lloyd owned, he was a Tenant to.

the fitting Member bought the Estate, he went to his but no ways an Agent for, the fitting Member; but that

Steward, and demanded his Arrears of the 40/. a Year, which was not paid till some time before the Election, when the Steward pressed him for his Vote; but he told him, he would not be engaged before the Election; but was paid the Three Years Arrear.

That, about Five Weeks before the Election, the fitting Member asked him fur his Vote, and told him, if he would vote for him, he would make his Salary from £. so, £. 16 per Annum; but the fitting Member, meeting him next Day, desired him to take no Notice, what palfed the Night before.

Lewis Vaughan and John Williams, Esquires, two of the Petitioner’s Witnesses, are his Brothers-in-law.

Mr. David Lloyd said, that one Morgan (who voted for the Petitioner) had a Mill-stone, of 30 or 40 Value, given him for his Vote; and that f lie fitting Member did not declare, he would appear as a Candidate, till the Day of the Election, Mr. Pugh being expected to Hand.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Lewis Price, Esquire, is duly elected a Knight of.

the

Africau

Trade.

5aven*oaki

RoajU*

Cutwater

Harbour.

8 Ann.

i 8° — 190 Jamarii.

269

the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the County of Mr. Compton, from the Committee of Privileges and Roxburgh Cardigan. Elections, acquainted the House, that they did ^efterday and Rosse

The said Refblution being read a Second time. enter upon the hearing the Cause touching the Election Elediow.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being for the Shire of Roxburgh, but did not go through the put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in fame; and the House having ordered the Matter of the the said Resolution, That Lewis Price, Esquire, is duly Election for the Shire of Rojfe, to be heard before the elected a Knight of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for Committee Tomorrow; he desired to have the Direction

of the House, how the Committee should proceed.

Ordered, That the Committee do proceed in, and go through, the Cause, touching the Election for the Shire of R, before they enter upon any other Cause.

the County of Cardigan;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

T , r v (Sir Robert Dovers, Tdlers for the Ye*,{Mf mu;

_ , f XT (Sir Strickland, Tellers for the Noes,^Mt

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

J149. ? 106.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 190 die Januarti;

Anno 8* Anns Regins, 1709.

A Petition of divers Packers, Dyers, Setters, Calenders, and Tillet Painters, in behalf of themselves, and many others, Manufacturers of Woollen Goods, living in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that (ince the Trade to' Africa has been laid open by Act of Parliament, the Woollen Manufactures, proper for that Trade, have been exported in much greater Quantities by the separate Traders, than when the African Company had that Trade, exclusive of all others: That the Trade to Africa lies under great Discouragements, by the continual Endeavours of the said Company to regain that Trade, exclusive of all others; which, it obtained, will greatly lesion the Petitioners Livelihoods, and the Consumption of our Woollen

Pa a ye as.

A PETIT ION of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Manufactures: And praying, that the Trade may

City of Brtftol, in behalf of themselves, and the be free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects, under such

Vacation of Scat by accepting OiKce.

Tradesmen and Artificers of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, since the Trade to Africa has been laid open by Act of Parliament, the Trade to the Plantations has much increased, and they have been much better supplied with Negroes, than when that Trade was confined to the African Company only: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may be left open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Commissioner for the Shire of

Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved ilself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord IVm. Powlett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord IVm. Powlett reported from the Committee, that they had made feme Progrds in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, that

..... _ _ _ the African Company, and separate Traders to Africa,

Bute and Catbneffe,\n\)M wmof'DugAIStuari, Esquirej *aY their several Schemes, or Propositions, for

who is made one of the Lords of the Session in North that Trade.

Britain: Ordered, That the African Company and separate

And "a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Traders Africa, do, upon Tuesday Morning next, lay

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tuesday before this House their several Schemes, or Propositions, Morning next. for securing further the Trade to Africa.

1 ne Lord IVm. Powlett aHo acquainted the House, Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the that be was direcded by the Committee to move, that Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, and other Inhabitants, they may have Leave to fit again, of the Town and Port of Hastings, in the County of Resolved, That this House will, upon ’tuesday Morn-Sussex (presented to the House, and read, the acth Day ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of December last) relating to the Bill for repairing the House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa. Highways between River-hill, and the Parish of Seven- Ordered, That the Secretary of the Admiralty do lay oaks, to Tonbridge IVeils, in the Parish of Speldhurst, in the before this House, an Account of what Applications

County of Kent, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed.

have been made, the last Year, to the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, of Great Britain, for Convoys, or A Bill for clearing, preserving, and maintaining, the Cruisers, to protect the Trade and Coast of Africa; and Harbour of Cutwater, lying near Plimouth, in the County what was done thereupon, of Devon, and for cleansing, and keeping clean, the Pool

African

Truk.

commonly called Sutton Pool, lying in Plimouth aforesaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Sir George Byng, Major General Trelawney, Colonel Moreton, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Moor, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Calthorpe, Lord IVm. Powlett, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Bridges, Sit Fra. Masham, Mr. tVoollaston, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Guido!t, Mr. Ward, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Bacon, Sir

Ordered, That the Bill Sheriffs Accounts, be read a Morning.

for the more easy passing Passing

Second time Tomorrow Sheriff

Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Papillon, Mr. Morrison, Mr.

Mr. Mervin, Mr. Bacon. Mr. Gape, Mr. Mr.

Winstanley, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Vaughan, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling the

Berne’s

Estate.

John Leake, Sir John Jennings, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Heysham, Estate of Tho. Berrie, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to Mr. Grevilt, Sit John Holland, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Smith; be fold, for discharging several Mortgages thereupon, is

and all, that serve for the Sea Ports, and Cinque Ports, committed.

and for the Counties of Devon, and Cornwall, and Somerset, ... ' r

.and Dorfit: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five ^en the House adjourned till Tomorrow

a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 16.

2 Y

»7°

ao° Janua

A. 1709.

Venerisy 20* die;

Anno 8* Anna: Reginae, 1709.

Brydgea’

EftaU.

will take such effectual Care in the Frcmifes, as may encourage the said Manufacture in the said City.

Order, That the Coofidecation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee* to whom the Petition of several Mercers in the City of London, and Liberty of . Westminster is referred.

Prayers. A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of puhjc

Ayr R. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Company of Silk-weavers in the City of Canterbury, Mournings, IY1 the Bill for the Sale of several Tenements in Cheek- was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that lane, near West Smithfield (the Estate of Janus Bridges, their Trade chiefly consists in making all Sorts of rich

Esquire) and for purchasing another Estate, of the like strip’d and flower’d Silks, whereby many thousand Poor Value, to be settled to the feme Uses, was committed; have been employed, and maintained: That, after the that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Petitioners have provided great Quantities of Goods, found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned proper for the different Seasons of Sale, there has fre-had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of questly happened great and long publick Mournings, the Committee; and that the Committee had made some whereby all their Goods have been rendered useless, and Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the Petitioners under a necesslty of felling them at great

Loss, to their great Prejudice; so that they have been difebled from carrying on their Trade, as they used to do, and have been obliged to turn off great Numbers of their working Poor (to their utter Ruin) and must put off the rest (unless they have speedy Relief) and consequently the Silk Trade there, lo beneficial to the Kingdom in general, will be totally loft: And praying the House to take their distressed same into Consideration, and relieve, them therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Mercers in the City of London, and Liberty of Westminster, is referred.

the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause. was offered, to be added to the Bill, To rectify a Mistake in the Settlement.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

wjcDi

Public

Mournings.

A Petition of several Mercers in the City of London, and Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of that Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Length of the publick Mournings are of ruinous Consequence to the Petitioners Trades, not only by their coloured Stocks Uselessness, but also by lessening the Value thereof, by the Alteration of the Fashion, and long lying on their Hands; which also lessens the Trade to Turkey, and Italy, and the Labour of the Silk Manufacturers, who want Bread, and arc become burthensome to their Parishes: And praying, that such

The Lord William Powlett presented to the House Rigby’s, ftc. (according to Order) a Bill for confirming and establish- Estate. ing a Partition, made between Edward Rigby, Gentleman, the honourable Charles Egerton, Esquire, the honourable Elizabetk, his Wife, and others, of several Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Essex, heretofore the Estate of the Right honourable Anne, late Countess of Oxford, deceased, and to enable Margaret, Anne, and Katherine, Lennard, Infants, to make Partition of other Lands and Tenements, in the said County, and in the

Rditf may be given hem in rrfpea of inch publick Q oi Hertford. and in Lend.., other Par. of the said Mournings, as the House dull judge to be in some meafnm Coim4 of 0£r/s Estate. a,d ,he ,m was rKci,d>

and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

‘tea:

last.

Ditto.

answerable to the Pressure and Extremity of their Cafe.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion fherein, to the House;

And it is referred to the Lord Coningsby, Mr. Buckingham, Sir Tho. Palmer, Mr. Bertie, Mr. D'Aeth, Mr.

Ball \Sir Tho. Colepeper, Sir John Awbry, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Guibtn, Mr. Wylde, Mr. Whit cheatt, Sir Geo.

Mr. Annejley, Mr. Ward, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Dock-minique, Mr. Watson, Mr. Middleton, Sir Fra.

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Papillon, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Baibf, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Bacon-, and all, that serve for the City of London, and County of -Jex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council,

A Bill for vetting Part of the Estate of the Lord Vif- Lord count Grandison, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts charged thereon, *' was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Hertford, Sir Humph. Briggs, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Fremam, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Peyton,

Mr. Proby, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Mr. Cecill, Mr.

Ball, Sir Ro. Corbet, Sir Jo. Mordaunt, Mr. Elliott,

Mr. Chambers, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gwytm, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Wild, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Herily, Lord

and other Inhabitants, of the City of Gooerfe* was pre- Mr. 0*6, Mr. JW Mr. Stott*, and all

__ f r fhA 1 minflPC / Jmaf n-iynaty// V/u.;.

Tented to the House, and read, setting forth, that heretofore they had a considerable Trade, in manufacturing all Sorts of strip’d and flower’d Silks, whereby some Thou-fends of poor Families got their Livings; but of late Years that Trade is To much decayed, that whole Families have been forced to leave their Habitations, and go elsewhere, to feck for a Maintenance; whereby the said City is so depopulated, that a great Number of Houses stand empty, and the Rents of those tenanted are fallen to near one Half, and the Poor are so increased, that the remaining Inhabitants lie under a very great Burden to maintain them; That, unless some effectual Cowrie be taken, to encourage the said Manufacture, that Trade will be wholly loft, and consequently the City veiy much impoverished for want of it: And praying, that the House

for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vicechamberlain, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Halford, Mr. Price, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Gwym, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Coventry, Mr. More-ton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Guy bon, Mr. Pocklhglon, Mr. Ward, Sir John Cropley, Mr. Compton, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Wild, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Windham, Mr. Hampden, Mr, Cameagy, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Naylor, Mr. Montgomery, Mr, Page, Lord Powlett, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr.

Pafliag

Sheriff*

Accounts,

8 Ann.

2Q0’ — 2 j# Januarn. vjt

Mr. Campion, Mr. Pagiti, Mr , Sir John Mor-

daunt, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Baity, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Mountagnc; and all, that fervcfor North Britain, and all, that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’ll Chamber.

Pc': Tfee House (according to Order) refcdved itself into

»d Mtans. a Committee of toe whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progrefe in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

J PdblkDebt*. Refohed, That an humble Address be presented to ber Majesty, that (he will please to give Oieedioos to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of all such publick Debts, as are not provided for by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 21*;

Anno 8* Anne Regime, 1709.

P R A T R S.

African Ti/f Burchett, Secretary of the Admiralty (according

Trade. i.VJL to Order) presented to the House, an Account of what Applications have been made, the last Year, to the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Ix>rd High Admiral, of Great Britain, for Convoys, or Cryifers, to protect the Trade and Coast of Africa; and what was done thereupon.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Public A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, and Assistants, of Mjwnung*. the Company of Weavers, London, on behalf of themselves, and Trade, was presented to the House, and read j letting forth, that by reason of the Length of publick Mournings, frequently bappenire, the Petitioners Trade, chiefly consisting in weaving all Sorts of Cold and Silver Lace, and flower’d Silks, is m a great Measur at a Hand; and the Goods lying on the Petitioners, Hands, they have been obliged to put off the greatest Part of the many thousand Poor, employed therein, to toeir utter Ruin; and, if the Petitioners have not same speedy itcliefj they inuft of Necessity abandon their laid Trade: And praying the House to take their deplorable same into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Mercers in the City of London, and Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the reftof that Trade, is referred.

Dido. A Petition of the Wardens, and Assistants, of the Corn-; pany of Dyers, London, on behalf of themselves, , and Trade, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that, byreafop of the long pyWick Mpprpiogs, the

Petitioners Trade is much dinun ished, and fhcodblvea, and Dependents, deprived of a confid enable Part of their Employment, and many industrious Families thereby are reduced to the utmost Misery: And praying the House to consider of feme Method for their Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the find Petition be rdetaed to the Committee, to whom the Petition of firverai Mercers in the City of London, and Liberty of Westmutfler, in behalf of thendelves, and the rest of that Trade, is referred.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- Button* and chants, trading into the Levant Seas, was presented to Button-hoi* the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade to Turkey consists in the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures and Productions of this Kingdom, which are bartered for raw Silk, Mohair-yam, and other Commodities, of that Country (whereof the Petitioners have lately imported great Quantities) which employ great Numbers of Silkinen, Dyers, Twisters, Throw iters, Winders, and other Work folks; but by iome Customs, lately introduced, that Trade is greatly decayed, and unless timely restored, will prevent the future Exportation of great Quantities of the Products of Great Britain: And praying that the House will take such Care, as may support the Turkey Trade effectually:

And also,

A Petition of the Silkmen, Throwfters, Dyers, Twist- Ditto* ers, and Winders, in and about the City of London? on behalf of themselves, and a great Number of Poor, employed in the manufacturing of Raw Silk, and Mohair-yarn, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that several Acts of Parliament have from time to time been made, for the Advantage of Trade, and Employment of the Poor; and particularly the Act 1 o°

for preventing the making of Cloth Buttons; which proved a national Advantage, by promoting the Consumption of raw Silk, and Mohair-yarn, whereby maintaining great Numbers of Poor, working therein $ but the Consumption thereof is much abated by some Customs, lately introduced, to the Prejudice of Trade, and the Ruin of Thousands of poor Families; all which the Petitioners are ready to prove: And praying, that the House will take into Consideration the Turkey Trade, and give Encouragement to the Consumption of raw Silk, and Mohair-yarn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the regulating the making of Buttons and Button-holes; and that Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Sir IVm. Mr.

Ward, Mr. Wild, Sir John Cope, Mr. Campion, and Mr.

Dolken, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Anthony :Lord Lord Vifeouat Gormanflon, for -Payment of his Debts, and for ®orm*n^on’*

securing a Jointure, and a Maintenance, for Margaret Viscountess Gormanflon, in lieu of a Rent Charge, payable to her out of the said Viscount’s Estate, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed -to Lord Coningsby, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Msdlycett, Mr. Amefley, Mr. Norris, Mr. Bertie, Sir Fra. Ma/ham, Sir Robert,

Mr. Sherard, Mr. Plumtret, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Lord Shannon, Sir Jof. fskyll. Sir Roger Mr. BaU,

Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. 1 Dolben, Sir John , Mr. Man-

ley, Mr. Fane, tMr. Hungerford, Mr. Wentworth, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Compton, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Chafe, Mr.

Abercrombie, Mr. Attorney General, Mr Proby, Mr.

Guyni and* all, that lerve for the County

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock,

io the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bjll for making a ^convenient Dock or ‘Docks at Laverpool* IdPOrpoole, -for the Security of all Ships, trading to and Dock, from the said Port of Leverpoole, was read a.Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Peter King, Mr. Norrir, Sir TM\ Johnson,- Mr. Hutchinson,

Mr.

CS7.X- x i° — i50 Jamarii. A. 1709

Mr. Smelt, Mr. Dolben, Sir W. Colonel Muro f#*, Mr. Mr. Owe«, Mr. Sir Huftler,

Sir Fran. Ma/ham, Sir Robert , Mr. Mr.

Gwynn, Mr. Parker, Mr. Peyt, Mr. Moor, Mr. Moun-tague, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Morrison, Mr. Weld, Sir Wm. Deanes, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Cecil/, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sharp. Mr. Chomley, Mr.

Cox; and all, that l'erve for the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex, Suffolk, Lane after, and CAefter: And all that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lunes, 23* dieJanuarii;

Anno 8* Ann® Regin®, 1709.

Prayers.

R. Nevill (according to Order) presented to the

M

_____House, a Bill for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newbery, in the County of Berks; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the First time Tomorrow Morning.

' Sir Walter presented to the House (according to

Teaw of Ordered, That Mr. Skippon have Leave to go into the Order) a Bill to vest in, and enable, Trustees to fell some Absenc*. Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Out-parts of the Estate, late of Sir John Rolle, Knight of

the Bath, deceased, for Payment of Debts, Legacies, and "Parke’s, kt. Sir Francis Majbamreported from the Committee, to younger Children’s Portions, and for settling of other

Debts to the whom the Bill to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Lands, equal in Value, to the same Uses; and the Bill rowa' Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the was received, and read the First time.

Time being, to perfect Compositions with the Widow That the Bill be read a Second time,

and Children of Rickard Parke, Merchant, and also with

Wm. Malet, Esquire, as he was Surety for his Father, A Bill for confirming and establishing the Partition,

while he was Receiver General of the County of Somerset, made between Edward Rigby, Gentleman, the honour-and City of Bristol, pursuant to Two Acts of Parliament able Charles Egerton, Esquire, the honourable E/iz. his for those Purposes, was committed; that they had made Wife, and others, of several Manors and Hereditaments several Amendments to the Bill, which they had dire died in the County of Essex, heretofore the Estate of the Right him to report to the House: And he read the same in honourable Anne, late Countess of Oxford, deceased, and his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s to enable Margaret, Anne, and Katherine Lennard, In-Tabic; where they were once read throughout, and then fants, to make Partition of other Lands and Tenements, a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question feve- in the said Count}-, and in the County of Hertford, and rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. in London, other Part of the said Countess of ’s

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Estate, was (according to Order) read a Second time, logrolled. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm.

Potvlett, Sir Tho. Johnson, Sir Fra. Ma/kam, Mr. -Cametfon) Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ney, Mr. Onslow, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Hampden, Sir EUAioo. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Edward Lawrence, Sir Robert Corbett, Lord Downes, Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall, be Mr. Mr. Moreton, Mr. Mr. Norris, Mr.

received upon Tuesday Morning next Wa. Tonge, Mr. Nevill, Sir Garrard, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Masters, Mr.

Thames A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Mr. Sir Bichard Allen, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Fitbery. the Company of Fishermen of the River of Thames, on Barker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Company, Mr. Peytotr, and all, that ftrve for the Coun-

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that ty of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at they are a Company, incorporated within the City of Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

London, for preserving the Brood and Fishery within the said River, and several good Laws have been made for Mr. Secretary acquaintedthe House, that their that Purpose; but for want of Methods for the Disco- Address had been presented to her Majesty, That she veiy of Offenders, and more easy Recovery of the Penal- would be pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners ties, the Petitioners are incapable of putting those Laws for victualing the Navy, that they lay before this House, ifl Execution, in the doing whereof, the Lives of several an Account of what Provisions have been issued, to victual of the Petitioners have lately been endangered by Per- the Land Forces, and what Allowances have been made son% using unlawful Nets and Engines, to destroy the Fry for the fame; and also, that her Majesty would be pleased offilh, and lie concealed, to the prejudice of her Majesty’s to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before Sea Service: That the Petitioners are not able to make this House, an Account of all such publick Debts, as are

- Rules and Orders, for the Regulation and Government of not provided for by Parliament; and that her Majesty the Fishermen of the said River, without an Act of Par- had been pleased thereupon to give Directions, that the liament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring laid Accounts shall be laid before this House. in a Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of

the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for the Re- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the gulation and Government of the said Company. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament according to the Prayer of the Petition; and that Mr. for the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, Dolben, Sir Samuel Garrard, Sir Wm. Ashhurst, Sir Wm. in the room of Robert Walpole, Esquire, who, since his Wythers, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. Ward, Mr. Recorder, Election for the said Borough, has been made Treasurer Mr. Nicoll, and Mr. Peyton, do prepare, and bring in, of her Majesty’s Navy, the Bill.

Sir Wm. reported from the Committee, to

Cotti* The Orders of the Day being read, for taking into whom the Petition of John Hackett, Esquire, was re-Dohu. Confederation the Petition of the Creditors of John Coggs ferred; that he was directed by the Committee to re-, and John Damn, Goldsmiths, and Co-partners; and also port, that the Petitioner had retracted those Parts of his the Laws, relating to Bankrupts; Petition, which reflected on the Trustees, therein named;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; and that he only desired a Bill to call the Trustees to an

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until TAurfday Account, and to vest the Surplus of his Father’s Estate Morning next. in him.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to And then the House adjourned till Monday call the said Trustees to an Account, and to vest the Sur-Moraing, Nine a Clock. pi us of the Petitioner’s Father’s Estate in him; and that

*4 Sir

Kennett

Navigation.

RolleV.

Estate,

Jtigb/*, toc, Estate. 4

Answer t» Addrest.

ing’e Lyua

Writ.

Hackett*

Estate.

8 Ann. 23°; — 240 Januarii. 273

btstr

Si

r

U;

r»'i

Sir IVm. Huffier, Sir Gilbert and Mr.

ford, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

lUrtxn and A Petition of the Matters or Governors, Assistants, SMi,.<r<.n’» Livery, and Freemen, of the Mittery and Commonalty C6u»jmny. £jar^ers am] Surgeons of London, and also of the Peruke-makers, Inhabitants within Seven Miles of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that by Act of Parliament, 32° Hen. VIII. the Barbers and Surgeons of London were incorporate: That the Petitioners, who exercise the Art of Peruke-making out of the Liberties of the City of London are not a corporate Body, nor under any Order or Regulation: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, whereby the Petitioners, the Peruke-makers, within and without the Liberties of the City of , may be incorporated with the said Company of Barbers and Surgeons of London, under such Regulations and Limitations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Conttderation of the said Petition be referred to a Committee} and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. eot, Mr. Do/ben, Sir W Dnynet, Lord Wm. Towle It, Mr. Coatsworth, Sir W Wither*, Sir Robert,

Mr. Scauten, Sir IVm. Mr. Monson, Sir Robert b<kn, Mr. Price, Mr. NeviU, Sir 7 , Mr.

Serjeant IVdd, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Sir John

Hmoles, Mr. Barker, Sir John , Mr. Rovenej,

Mr. Manley, Mr. Calthoip, Mr. , Mr. Moor, Mr. Hey/ham, Mr. Brewer, Mr. , Mr. Sir Wm.

Strickland, Mr. Pagett, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Laugharne, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Masters, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Gale, Mr. Tonrpfon; and all, that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Way* The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a «a Mean*. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrcr took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farm reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, Tr.at this House will, upon IVedmfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

ney: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Time for Sale 01 the said Lands, for Payment of the Petitioners laid Debt, charged thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir IVm. Pole, Mr. Brewer, and Mr. Cotton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Gun-makers, inhabiting in and about Afriraa

London, was presented to the House, and read; setting Trad*, forth, that the Trade to Africa, when it was lolely carried on by the Royal African Company, occasioned the Exportation of very great Quantities of the Petitioners Manufactures, and was a great Help to their Support; but the late great Difficulties, the said Company have laboured under by the late Settlement, has Very much lessened that Exportation, to the Impoverishment of the Petitioners: And praying, that the said Company’s Trade may be secured to them, under such Methods, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

A Petition of the Dyers, Packers, Setters, Drawers, Ditte» and Calenders, and others, inhabiting in and about London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Royal African Company, by their Trade to Guinea, were wont to give Employment to the Petitioners, and many Hundred others; but their Trades are very much lessened by the Misfortunes, the said Company labour under, by reason of the War, and the Irruptions of the separate Traders, whereby the Guinea Trade is in great Danger of being loft to the Nation; which tends to the Detriment of the Petitioners, and their Families:

And praying, that the House will grant the said Company such Privileges, as may encourage them to improve that Trade by more large Exportations, for the Good of the Publick, as well as the Petitioners Support.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

An ingrossld Bill for Sale of several Tenements ih Cheek-lane, near West Smithfield (the Estate of James *’ Brydges, Esquire) and for purchasing another Estate, of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Rejoived, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for Sale of several Tenements in Cheek-lane, near West Smithfieli (the Estate of James Brydges, Esquire)

and for purchasing, and settling, other Estate to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

r - —

Martis 24* die Januarii;

Anno 8® Ann* Regina;, 1709.

Prate rs.

P«dsrri»* A PETITION of Alexander Pendarvis, Esquire, il. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act, of the 5th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, the Petitioner was to be paid f. 5,000, and Interest, out of certain Lands in Ireland, at any Time before the 25th of March, 1710; but by reason of a great Debt, due to the Government out of those Lands, the Trustees could not raise the Petitioner’s Debt by that Time, without great Hardships to the Family, who were Owners of the Estate: That the Petitioner has been at great Charges in patting Acts of Parliament, and Clauses, for ruling the said Mo-Voi. 16.

Ordered, That Leave be given td bring in a Bill for Laws relat-making the Laws, for repairing the Highways, more inS 10 High-etteftual; and that Mr. Archer, Lord Mr. W*V*’

Brewer, Mr. Harley, and Mr. Mountague, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for making the River Kennit navigable from Kennat Reading to Newbery, in the County of Berks, was (ac- N*T‘Sation4 cording to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Seven-night, in a full House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the But*, at*. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, cleftinga Commiflkmer for the Shire of Bute and Cath-nesse, in the room of Dugall Stuart, Esquire, who, since his Election, hath been made oni of the Lords of the Session in North Britain.

The Orders of the Day were read.

OS

L.

*74

Call of the Or Acted, That' the catting over the Names of such

House, Members, is did not appear, uport the calling over the House, be further adjourned until this Day Seven-night.

Camtlfonl Mr. Ctmptok Reported from the Committee of Privi-Lk£kion. leges and Election’s, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of , in

the County of Cornwall, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were reid, and are as follow; viz.

tjpon the Petition of Henry Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Manley, Esquire, for the Borough of Came!ford, in the County of Cornwall:

That the Counsel on both Sides admitted the Right of Election to be in the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Freemefi, of the said Borough:

And that the Numbers, on the Poll, were,

For the fitting Member - - - 16:

For the Petitioner 9.

Eiit the Counsel for the Petitioner insisted, that the Majority of Votes was procured for the fitting Member by Bribery, and 6ther undue and illegal Practices: To prove which, they called several Witnesses;

Daftitl Birch, Servant to the Petitioner; who said, he has known Camelforifeveral Years; and that he was sent thither by his Matter, who owns Two-thirds of the Town, to desire the Burgesses Votes for him at the then ensuing Election; and that he went to every Elector’s House, dnd they ail promised to vote fir his Matter, except one Worthington: That, about a Week before the Election, the Petitioner came to Town, and all the Voters came to him, and most of them promised him their Votes.

Samfoti Warren said, that Three Parts in Four of the Town of Camelford is the Petitioner’s; and that all the Burgesses, but Wormingto»i prOmifed vote for him j

and that the fitting Member came to Camelford the Saturday before the Election, which was on Monday; and on Sunday the fitting Member, Mr. and Mr.

Cloak, ordered him to fetch some of the Burgesses to them; and be accordingly brought John Rogers, Thomas

Hunney, John t)aw, Thomas Budge, and Richard Paul: and they were called in one by one; and he heard Mr. Jackson promise them, that* if they would vote for the fitting Member, they should be paid off the Debts remaining at the Election of the last Parliament, when Mr.

Pinhell was chose a Member; and that lie should have £-4 more for this Election; and that the Money should be paid them, as soon as the Electtioli was over: And that Mr. Jackson and Mr. Cloak wete Agents for the fitting Members.

That, Two Days after the Ele&Lon, Scotland (one of the fitting Member’s Friends) paid him 6, Part off. 12 due to him upon Mr. s Account;

for which he gave a Note; and the said Scollard pro-raised to pay him £. 4 more, which he distinguished by the Name of new Money: That he afterwards atked the said Scollard and Mr. Jackson for the £.4, and they told him, he should be paid, when they were.

That he was influenced to vote for the fitting Member by the aforesaid Promise; but, before that, intended to vote for the Petitioner, ns he had promised.

That he came to give his Evidence against the fitting . Member, because the £.4 new Money, was not paid him; and that Mr. Cloak, and Mr. Phillips, The Town Clerk, offered to pay him down £ 5 if lie would not come up,

- *: tb give his Evidence in this Matter.

Mr. Row said* that Mr. Jackson told him, that, if the Burgesses were resolved to vote for the Petitioner and Mr. Bofcawen, the Town would be ruined, for that they would spend nothing, and none of the Gentlemen of the Country would ever come to the Town; but that, and they would vote for the fitting Member, he had £.300 to dispose o4 and they thbuld have equal Shares thereof; and that, in hopes thereof he voted for the fitting Member.

A. 1709.

That, Three Days before the Election, he was at a publick House in the Town, kept by one; who treated him, and many more of the Elector?, and defiied them to be free, for he knew how to be paid.

That, a Day or Two after the Election, he taw Mr. Wormingtonand Cloak, having Money lying before them; and they paid him £. 10, and took a Noreof him for it; and that he voted for Mr. Manley upon that Account.

That, when Mr. Jackson made Interest for Votes, he did not then name, who they should vote for.

Margaret Blight said, that at the Day of the Electiofl the was hired to help dress the Victuals at Mr. Bond's House; and the going up Stairs, and looking into a Room, the saw Money lying before Mr. Jackson, Mr. Cloak, and Mr. Carew, and saw one of them give Money to some of the Voters, and to one of Mr. Granvill’s Servants (the could not say which it was, having forgot his Face) and said further, that Mr. Bond said,- that the Votes should be called in fingty, the better to prevent any Discovery of what was given them.

That he saw the Money paid to Mr. Bond, and heard him tell the fitting Member, that he had better gratify him, than Mr. Jackfn, for that he had kept his Voters together; and upon that saw the fitting Member give him fonie Money, and could distinguish a Piece of Gold: This was about ah Hour and Half before the Election: And that the Petitioner came immediately after to the said Bond, and asking him for his Vote, he refuted him; and told him, Ten Guineas would do him more good; And the Petitioner afkingfor Three or Four more Voters, who were in the House, they were denied to be there.

That Mr. Jackson offered her Husband and her, Money, if he would not let her come up, to give her Evidence.

John Worlhyvull said, that Mr. Jackson came to him, and told him, if he would go to London, and give such Evidence for him, as should make good his Interest at the Election, he would give him 10 or £. 20, and he telling this Offer to Mrs. Margery Nicho/ls, flic told him, the was to have £. 50 for that Purpose, and to go to Town in a Coach, to be provided for her; and desired him to go with her.

But the said Mrs. Nicholls-, being called to confront him, denied, the ever had any Discourse of this kind with him.

That the Counsel for the fitting Member alleged, that the Witnesses, examined for the Petitioner, were not to be credited, being Persons, not only very poor, but of infamous Characters; and that, notwithstanding the y had talked so much about Money, and Treats, they, among other Voters in the Town, had signed Two Letters, one dated the 10th of September, and the other the t^th of December, 1708, to Mr. Geo.; acknow-

leging the Sense they had of the Merits of the Granvil!'% Family, and that they had chose Mr. Pinnellat the late Lord Grairoi/fs Recommendation; and thanking the said

Mr. GrUifisiUe for his Kindness, in recommending the

fitting Member to them, for their Representative; which Opportunity they freely embraced, without any sinister Ends; and are now not a little concerned, to find, that so just and fair an Election should be controverted, and they cen fa red and upbraided for so good a Choice, CsV. And Wm. Row owned, be had signed the Letter, dated

December 13th, 1708.

Then the Counsel for the fitting Member called Mr.. Wm. Carew; who said that the Letters were

acknotVleged to be fair, honest, and just, by the said Wm. Row, and Sampson Warrenwhen they were read over to them; and that he saw Row sign both the Letters; and Warren desired one Rogers to sign them both for him, he not being able to write.

That the Family of the Granhave had a prevail^ ing Interest at Camelford for many Years; and that the fitting Member was recommended, and chose, by that Interest; and that the Petitioner, just before the Election, offered him what Sum he would, for his Vote; and that Row told him, that when the Petitioner wa* apprehen-fiye he should lose the Election, he offered him £-4°

20 for

2 40 Janu.

). 8 Ann.

a for his Vote; anti that Pfrat'ren t-dd him, that Mr. Pri-

o deaux, the Petitioner's Agent-, desired him to give Evi-

.J dence of Bribery against the fitting Member, and his

Voters: But they being both called in, to confront him, !r. denied what Mr. C laid, they had told him.

i; That the Counsel for the fitting Member proceeded to

examine Icvcral Pertbns to the Reputation of the Petitioner’s Witnesses; it Mr. Carew, Mr. John Pin!Up, Mrs.

fboi/Sy and Mr. John hitspluns: Who laid,

1 ren was bred up an Hostler, and is a very poor, but dau-

j gerous Fellow, with a very ill Reputation,

i That Worthyvull is a notorious Rogue; has been in

Gaol, and was taken up by tive Parish Constables, and j prest into the Service; and afterwards run away from his

Colours, and pretended to be a Cripple, to prevent being i font back to his Regiment: That his Mother keeps a

i House of ill Repute in the Town, and his two Sifters are

Women of ill Characters, and loose Livers:

That Margaret Blight is old s Daughter, and

Of very loose and scandalous Charaifter:

But that Mr. Jackson and Mr. Bond (who, the Petitioner’s Witness’es said, were Agents lor the fitting Member) are both very honed Men; the former a Man of Subdance, and has been twice Mayor of the Tuwn; and Air. Bond has been Mayor likewise.

' Margery Nichol/s said further, that (lie going to Mar-

garet Blight's Husband for her. Rent, he told her, he should now be able to pay her in a little time, for that he was offered f. 40 to go to London, to give Evidence on the behalf of the Petitioner; but that he was afraid to go himself, for that he had been indicted for a Pickpocket; but that he would lend his Wife, who would do as well. And the said said, that not long since

the said Blighty and his Family, were very poor, but of late live in a very good Condition:

And that Worthyvullcame to her House, to enquire for her Husband, to desire him to get him into Mr.

Jaclfon's, or any other of the Freemens Company, and tic would discover all the Roguery, that was contriving on the Petitioner’s behalf, in lending him and others to London, who were to give Evidence against the fitting Member.

That the said IForthyvbeing called in, to confront 1 her, denied he told her any such thing.

Mr. Samuel Jackson said, that he never fpokc to any Person for his Vote for the fitting Member; but that he always intended to have voted for the Petitioner, had he come in any time to Camelford, to desire it; but, instead of that, he did not come thither till Eleven a Clock of the Alorning of the Election, which begun about Twelve; anti the Petitioner being chose for TaviJlcck, he resolved to vote for the fitting Member, though the Petitioner prest him hard for his Vote, and told him, he should have what Money he would ask, if he would vote for him.

That JVarren is a dangerous Fellow; and that s Evidence against him is merely out of Prejudice, because he opposed his Father coming to the Mayoralty of the said Borough.

And that upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolvetd, That it is the Opinion of t;his Committee, That John Manley, Esquire, is duly elected a Bu reefs, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That John Manly, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of

Cornivall.

CWtfter Ordered, That Mr. Trye have leave to withdraw his EkAign. Petition, complaining of an undue Election for the City of G/cuceJIcr.

Vofc. 16,

275

The House being informed, that the Royal African Afntm Company, and separate Traders to Africa, attended, ’ftwA* they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House their several Propositions, for securing the Trade to Africa.

Ajid then they withdrew.

And the said Propositions were read, and are as follow; viz.

in Obedience to the Order of the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled. delivered to the Royal African Company of England, they c'o humbly offer the following Scheme, or Propotal, for the better settling of the Trade to.

Africa, and securing the tame to this Kingdom, and the Plantations thereunto belonging: ift, THE said Company do most humbly conceive, since, in Concurrence with their Experience, Forta and Settlements are agreed to be absolutely necessarvy for preferring, and improving, that Trade, that the most effectual and certain Method for carrying on that Trade, for prelcrving the said Forts and Settlements, for receiving Grants, and making Agreements with the Native*, for furnishing the Plantations with sufficient Supplies-of Negroes, at moderate Prices, for giving a necessary Credit to the Planters, and contrafting for the Affienro, or with the Poriugucze, can only be effected by a Company, with a sufficient joint Stock.

2d, That the said Company be obliged to export annually for the Coast of Africa, in Manufactures, and other Merchandize, to the Amount of One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, or upwards; and if it IhaM at any tinrfo appear, by application to her Majesty in Council, that greater Number of Negroes are required to be sent to the Plantations, the said Company may be subject to the Direction of her Majesty in Council to export annually such further Value in Goods and Merchandize, as shall be judged necefikry. ~

3d, That the said Company be likewise subject to such further Orders and Directions of her Majesty in Council, as shall be found necessary to be given, in relation to the Price and Number of Negroes, to be delivered by the said Company in her Majesty’s Plantations and Colonies in America.

The said Royal African Company beg Leave further most humbly to represent, that, by Charter from King Charles the Second, they are incorporated, and have the Coast of Africa, and the Trade thereunto, granted to them; upon the Foot of which Charter, for many Years successiVely, whilst they had little or no Interruption, they were in as fioyrishing Circumstances, as any Company in Europe, in proportion to their original Stock; and, in pursuance of the said Grant, they have purchased, and erected, several Forts and Settlements on the said Coast, and ob tai ned Icvcral Privi leges and Immu n i t ies, by Grants, and Agreements, from, and with, the Princes of thqt Country.

And, at a Meins the better to enable them again to reap the Benefits, that may arise from the Premises, and to be in a Condition to answer the Ends, proposed by the forementioned joint Stock, they are, in Concert with by much the greater Part of their Creditors, endeavouring tp put themselves in such Circumstances, as, they apprehend, will effectually tiary on, and improve, that Trade, in every Branch theffcof, having the Assistance of this ho<-nourable House, in granting such further Privileges, as are necessary to that End; but, if it shall be agreeable to the Wisdom of this honourable House, that the Stock, for carrying on the said Trade, ought to be enlarged, the said Company are very willing to submit thereunto.

By Order of the Royal African Company of England.

John Pery, Secretary.

Tire humble Propositions of the separate Trader* to

Africa.

Tn Obedience to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 19th Day of January, 1709, the said

2 4* Jantiarn.

47 6

24" — 250 Januarii. 1709.

African said separate Traders do humbly lay before this

Trade. honourable House the following Propositions, for

securing the Trade to Africa:

ift, THAT it may be free for all her Majesty’s Subjects to trade to Africa from any Part of Great or the Plantations.

2dly, That the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa be vested in her Majesty* her Heirs and Successors for ever,

3dly, That such Equivalent be given to the Royal African Company for their Interest in the said Forts and Settlements, as this honourable House shall think proper.

4thly, That a Duty be laid on the Trade to Africa, for securing the said Equivalent to the Royal African Company, and for defraying the annual Charges of maintaining and supporting such Forts and Setdements, as her Majesty shall think necessary for the Protection of the said Trade.

Rd. Harris, 7 For the separate Traders

Hum. Morris. J to Africa.

Ordered, That the said Propositions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Wm. Rowlett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S|«aker resumed the Chair.

The Lord fVm. Rowlett reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Paflfing Ordered, That Sir Gilfrid Lawson, Sir Tho.

Sheriff* Mr. Nicholson, Sir Wm. Mr. , Mr.

Accounts, Stock dale, Mr. Lifter, Mr. , Mr. Liddell, Sir

7 bo.Frankland, Sir Rich. Sir , Mr,

Shervoin, Mr. Gale, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 25* die Januarti \

Anno 8* Ann* Reginas, 1709.

for that Purpose; and also to make a further Composition with Joseph Rake, as he was one of the Sureties for Sa-

muel Pacey, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Northamprepairing the Highways between the House, commonly ton called the Horseshoe House, in the Parish of Stoke ton, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton', and that Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Arnndell, and Mr.

Farrer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand Jury, Se»en-0&k* of the County of Sussex, in behalf of themselves, and Roaa*. other Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the said County, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Lewes the 13th Day of January, 1709, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for repairing the Highways, between River-hill and the Parish of Seven-oaks, to

bridge Wells, in the County of Kent, which, if it should pass into a Law, will greatly prejudice the Graders, and other Traders, inhabiting in the East Part of the County of Sussex: And praying, that they may be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. '

A Petition of the Freeholders, Land-owners, and other Ditt* Inhabitants, of the several Parishes within the Rapes of Hastings and Pemnfey, in the Weild of the County of Sussex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Inhabitants of Tonbridge, in the Weild of Kent, have brought a Bill into the House, for repairing the Highways, between River-kill and Seven-oaks, to Tonbridge Wells, upon Pretence, that they are not able to repair their Roads: That it is the direct Road between London, and the Sea Ports of Rye, Hastings, and Pemnfey, and,

should the Petitioners be obliged to pay a Toll, toward repairing the said Highways, it will disable them from paying their Rents, and repairing the Roads in their own Parishes, which are more ruinous, than the other: And praying, that they may be heard against the said Bill, and be exempted from paying any Toll.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Prayers.

P*r1c«'> Ac. A N ingrafted Bill to impower the Lord High Trea-W>ut° tfc« f\ surer of (gnat Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to perfect Compositions with the Widow and Children of Bichard Parke, Merchant, deceased, and also with Wm. Malet, Esquire, as he was Surety with his Father, while he was Receiver General of the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, pursuant to Two Acts of Parliament for those Purposes, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, Pr. 4. L. 11. After " Administrators" to insert " as to him or them shall seem reasonable."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass j and that the Title be. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to perfect Compositions with the Widow and Children or Richard Parke, Merchant, deceased, and also with Wm. Malet, Esquire, as he was Surety for his Father, while he was Receiver General for the County of and City of Bristol, pursuant to Two Acts of Parliament

,7

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Abuse of a Turnpike, erected on the Highways between Burlipp, and Gloucester; and that the Lord

Coningsby, Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley, Sir William Pole, Mr.

Ireton, Mr. Cox, Mr. Windham, Sir Guise, and the Lord Scudamore, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Justices, and Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, and Freeholders, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Southwark, for the County of Surrey, the lath Day of , Amo Domini 1709,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Lands in the said County are generally Freehold, and are frequently secretly transferred from one ro another, lo that many Persons, who have lent their Money on Land Security, have been undone by prior Mortgages, to the Discouragement of Trade, and the Sale of Land: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the publick registering all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said County of Surrey, and that the Officers, for keeping the said Registries, and the Place where, may bechofen by the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County.

Ordsred,

Burlipp

Turnpike.

Surrey

Registry

H

jt

Siyr

Lfli

H'S:

Ufa

fe;

i^i

8 Ann.

2 5° JaM

277

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Onslow, Sir IVm. Scawen, Mr. Carew, Mr. Evelyn,

Mr. John Evelyn, Mr. Denzill , and Mr. Dock-

minique, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

V--r

Lord

Hutching.

biooke'ft

fciUte.

U

Owen's Agents to inspect the said Charters, Bocto, and Papers j —

To prove which, they called in Mr. David Lloyd; who said, that he had served the Order of the Comimttee (which he then produced) upon Mr. Griffith Parry, Town Clerk of Beaumaris, upon Monday, A Petition of Edward Mount ague, Esquire, commonly the ad of tins instant January, and desired the Inspec-cnlied Lord Hinchingbrockc, and Eiiz. his Wife, Infants, tion of the Charters, and Papers, thereby required to be by Daniel Harvey, Esquire, their next Friend, was pre- produced; but the Town Clerk told him, they were fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the locked up in a Chest, that had Three several Locks, and Petitioner Elizabeth is the foie Daughter and Heiress of he would endeavour to get the Keys against the next Alexand. Popham, Esquire, deceased, and is entitled to Day.

a considerable Portion in Money, bur, by reason of the That the next Day he applied hiraself to the said Town Petitioner’s Infancy, the said Portion was not paid, nor Clerk, as also to Mr. Griffith Harrison, one of the Bailiffs any Settlement made: That the Earl of Sandwich, the of the said Town; who shewed him some Books and Petitioner Edwards Father, and all other Persons con- Papers, and an Copy of the Charter, but refuted

cemed, are consenting to make a Settlement, and that the to shew other of the said Books and Papers, fjrae of Portion be paid; but it cannot be done without an Act of which, they owned, were in the above-mentioned Chest. Parliament, by reason of the Infancy of the Petitioners: and others in the Cupboard; and was told by the said And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Parry, that the Charter of Queen was at;

for Payment of the said Marriage Portion, and to enable and that they could not come at any of the Writings and the Earl of Sandwich, and the Petitioner, his Son, to Papers in the Town-cheft, pretending, that one of the

for the Benefit of Three Keys was loft; and refuted to open the Cupboard, of which he owned, they had the Key.

Mr. Lloyd Bodvill; who said, that on Wednesday, the 4th of January, he demanded of the Town Clerk, in the

Haywards

Lttaie.

make a Settlement of their Estates, them, and their Family.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Page, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Wortly, do Town Hall, the Inspection of the Charter, Books, and prepare, and bring in, the Bill. Papers, mentioned in the Order of the Committee; but

was absolutely refuted to inspect the fame, or to be let The Lord IVm. Powlett reported from the Committee, into the Room, adjoining to the Town Hall, where they to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, were kept, the Town Clerk owning at the same time. An Act for making effectual the Provifu-ns, intended by that there were several Records there.

IVm. Hayward, late of £>»tdg!ey, in the County of Clou- A Motion being made, and the Question being put, eefler, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and That the Report be re-committed; providing Portions for his younrer Children, was com- The House divided:

mitted; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that t1 e Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And be deliveted the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Morrison, Mr. , Mr.

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,^' m,am

Mr.

Tellers for the Noes 7 ^r‘ ^gcomb.

111.

’’{ Vlr! Hopkins': j x74*

So it passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Griffith Parry, Town Clerk of Beaumaris, for refilling to opey the said Order of the Committee of

terbers _ _____ ,_

Md Surgeons A1afon% Mr. Owen, Mr. Lloyd', Mr Vaughan, Sir Geo. Privilege and Elections, be, for the said Contempt, taken

i’umfny. ' ' ~ ' ’ - - - ° - 1

Button and

Button-hole

Making.

Newland, Sir Tho. Palmer, be ndded to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Masters, AfEstants, and Freemen, of the Miftcry of Baibers and Surgeons of,

and also of the Peruke-makers, inhabiting within Seven Miles of the said City, is referred.

Mr. Ward (according to Order) pretented to the Houte, a Bill for the regulating the making of Buttons, and Button-holes; and the same was received, and read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TdtafcrfcY^IS

into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TdKn for ,h.

Terror, he So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Roxburgh Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the County, See, Shires of Roxburgh and Rojfe, be received upon Saturday Ele^ioD*» Morning next.

1*3-

I Mr. Wyld: Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

ii9.

Privilege — Refusal to kfpetfBooks.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hiccocks:

90. Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded to acquaint this House, that Sacheverell'* Doctor Henry Sacheverell hath put in his Answer to the IoipmcIubmi. Mr. Compton reported from the Committceof Privileges Articles of Impeachment, tent from this House against and Elections, the Matter, relating to a Contempt, com- him; which their Lordships communicate to this House, plained of by Sir Arthur Owen, in disobeying an Order of and desire, the said original Answer may be returned, the said Committee, made forinfpefting, andjakingCopies with convenient Speed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, Thac the Answer of Doctor Henry Sacheverell, now sent from the Lords, be read Tomorrow Morning.

of, the Charters, Poor’s Rates, and other Parish Books, and other publick Town-books, or Papers, belonging to the Town of Beaumaris;which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the said Order was forved upon the Persons, to

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

Resolved, That such Members of this House, who do whom directed; but that they refuted the said Sir Arthur absent themselves, without the Leave of this Houte, are Vot. 16. 4 A t®

Candle*

Limiting Officers in the House.

Ways and Means.

Hulms

Chappell

Road*.

Cooper's

Estate.

Liverpoole

Dock,

25* — 26° Januariu

A. 1769.

89.

to be reputed Deserters of their Trust, and Neglecters of that Duty, they owe to this House, and their Country.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons;

The House divided:

The Y eas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas:

Tellers for the

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Wortley, Mr. Annejley, Mr.

Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Benson, Sir Pete* King, Mr. Hampden, and Mr. Nevill, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 26* die Januarit;

Anno 8* Ann* Reginae, 1709. Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the several Counties of Stafford and Chejltf, on behalf of themselves, and several others in and near the said Counties, was presented to the House, and read; fefting forth, that the great Roads from the Northern Parts of this Kingdom, centering at Hulms Chappell, in Cheshire, towards London, being the accustomed

Poll Road, the Highways betweeen Chappell and Newcastle, in Staffordshire, being Eleven computed Miles, are frequently so out of Repair, that lor Nine Months in the year they are almost impassable, and are yearly a great Charge to the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Townships, who have not proper Materials of Stone and Gravel, within any reasonable Compass, to repair the fame; and, by reason of Fines, already levied, and more threatened, they are hot able to perform the Repairs, as they ought, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Highways between Hulms Chappell and the Liberties of Newcastle aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition j and that Mr. Shaker ley, Mr. Eger ton, and Mr. Heysham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the Relief of Joseph Cooper, Gentleman, was read;a Second time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gale, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Gilbert Heath con, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Bacon, Sir Rich. Farrington, Lord JVm. Pow/ett, Mr. Cecill, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Coward, Mr. Morgan, Sir Richard Allen, Mr. Shepard, Mr. Kerr, Lord Fitz-harding, Mr. Lawson, Sir John Awbrey, Mr. Morifon, Mr. Cotton, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Bayly: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of divers Cheesemoogers, in behalf of themselves, and others, trading to the River Mercy, and Lever-poole, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Bill depending in the House, for making a convenient Dock or Docks at Liverpoole, for 19

the Security of all Ships, ttadiftg to and from the said Port of Liverpoole, there are many Clauses therein contained, which will be very prejudicial and oppressive to the Petitioners, who, in Time of Peace, are great Traders to the River A/er/ev, and the Town of Liverpoole: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counicl in relation thereunto.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making effectual the Provision, intended by IVm. Hayward, late of Quedgley, in the county of ,

Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and providing Portions for his younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord fVm. do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Silk Throwers, London, on behalf of themselves* and the rest of their Trade, was presented to the House, and read;, setting forth, that, by, reason of the long and frequent publick Mournings, the Petitioners Trade is much lessened, it chiefly contifting in preparing Silk for the Weavers, who make strip’d and figured Ribands, and Silks, which thereby are in a manner useless, and consequently the poor Manufacturers. therein unemployed, who are ready to perift), for want of Subsistence: And praying such Relief in the Premises, , as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Mercers in the City of London, and Liberty of H'efiminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of that Trade, was referred.

A Petition of several Creditors of John Coggs and John. Darin was presented to the House, and read; setting . forth, that the now Petitioners, together with other Petitioners (also Creditors of Coggs and Dam) have since had a Meeting, and have examined their Books, and Estate, and find the same so perplexed, that they verily believe, by the common Rules of Law the Creditors can scarce get ior. in the Pound, though by a speedier, and left chargeable, Proceeding, they hope to receive most Part of their Debt: And praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to relieve them, with the other Creditors, who before petitioned the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the adjourned Debate, relating to the Creditors of the said John Coggs and John Dam shall be resumed.

Mr. Onflozv (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that shall affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surry; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the fitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Doors be locked up.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to bring any Stranger into the House, or Gallery, while the House is OKing. The

Hayward’*

Estate.

Tm

Italic

isaj

jtbrvc

Public

Mourning*

CoggV

Debt*

Surry

Registry.

Lfual

Order#.

j

?W,

N i

8 Ann. a 6° 279

The Orders of the Day being read; disclaimed the least Imputation of Refinance; the said

Coji’ The House resumed the adjourned Debate, relating to doth acknowlege himself to have made

the Creditors of John Coggs and John Dam.such Suggestion; and declares, that he made it, not in

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Dishonour, but in Vindication, of his said Majesty; according to the Prayers of the said Petitions of the the Resistance, the said Hen. Sachevetel represents the Creditors; and that lAr.Heysham, Mr. Page, Mr. Serjeant late King to have disclaimed, being such a Resistance,

Such, and Mr. Peyton, do prepare, and bring in, the as tended to the Cortquest of this Realm; as plainly Bill. appears from that Part of his late Majesty’s Declaration,

which is referred to and verbatim let forth at the Bottom African Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning of the same Page, in which he mentions his late Majesty’s Trade. pext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, disclaiming any such Imputation.

to consider further of the Trade to Africa. Whether the said Henry Sacheverel was mistaken, or

not, in expressing himself, as if the late King had dif-Member* Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the claimed any Imputation of Resistance, when he, the said-frnmnowed. Mace into Westminster-hall, and Courts there, and Court Henry , meant thereby, that the late King, dif-

ol Request, and Places adjacent, and summon the claimed the Imputation of a Design of Conquest, he

Members there, to attend the Service of the House. humbly conceives, such a Suggestion, by him plainly

And he went accordingly: designed for the Honour of the late King, cannot, in any

And being returned; rcalonable Construction, be thought a Reflection on his

Sactwverell'i The Answer of Dcxftor Henry Sacheverel/, lent from laid Majesty, or deemed any Crime or Misdemeanor.

the Lords Yesterday, was (according to Older) read, For the further Justification of what the said Henry and is as followeth; viz. Sacheverel laid, in reference to his late Majesty’s having

difcJaimed any the least Imputation of Resistance, the said The Answer of Henry Sacheverel/, Doctor in Divinity, Henry Sacheverel humbly observes, that in his late Mato the Articles, exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, jesty’s Declaration the following Passages are contained: and Burgdles, in Parliament assembled, in the Name We have thought fit to go over to England, and to of themselves, and of all the Commons of Great " carry over with us a Force, fuflkient, by the Blessing Britain, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against *' of God, to defend ourselves from the Violence of evil him for high Crimes and Misdemeanors. Councilors." — " We think fit to declare, that this

THE said Henry Sacheverel, laving to himself all " our Expedition is intended for no other Design, but Advantages of Exception to the said Articles, for the " to have a free and lawful Parliament assembled." Generality, Uncertainty, and Inefficiency, thereof, and As to the last Charge in the said Article, the said of not being prejudiced by any Words, or Want of Form, Sacheverel denies, that he doth in his said Sermon luggeft, in this his Answer, admits, that, at the Request of and maintain, that to impute Resistance to the said-George Sacheverel, Esquire, High Sheriff of the County Resolution is to call black and odious Colours upon his of Derby, he preached a Sermon at the Assizes, held for late Majesty, and the said Resolution. The Persons whom that County on the 15th Day of August, 1709; and, the said in his Sermon, describes, as

at the Desire of the Right honourable Sir Samuel Garrard, calling black and odious Colours upon his late Majesty, Baronet, Lord Mayor of the City of London, he also and the Resolution, are not those, who impute Resistance preached a Sermon at the Cathedral Church of Saint to the Jate Resolution, of whom the said Paul, before the said Lord Mayor, and the Aldermen, affirms nothing, but those new Preachers, and new Poli-and Citizens, of London, on the 5th Day of November ticians, who teach, in Contradiction to both Gospel, and last; and that he caused the said Sermon to be printed; the Laws, that the People have the Power vetted in them, but denies, that he preached, or caused the same to be the Fountain and Original of it, to cancel their Allegiance printed, or published, with any such wicked, malicious, at their Pleasure, and to call their Sovereign to Account or seditious, Intent, as in the Preamble of the said for high Treason against his Subjects, nay, and to de-Articles is affirmed. throne, and murder him, for a Criminal, as they did

.The said Henry Sacheverel having been induced to the Royal Martyr, by a Judiciary Sentence; who are print the Sermon, he preached at Derby, at the Request Maintained of antimonarchial Schemes, and of such of the Gentlemen of the Grand Jury for that County, to damnable Positions, as are by the Laws of the Church whom he humbly presumed to dedicate the fame, as the and State condemned for Rebellion and high Treason; moll publick Acknowlegement he was capable of making, and who urge the Resolution in Defence of such Prin-for the peculiar Honour he had received, by their publick ciples: Unless therefore those, who impute Resistance to Approbation of that Sermon; and the said Lord Mayor the Resolution, be the same with those new Preachers, having been pleased to express his good Liking of the and new Politicians, above specified, the said Henry Lid. Sermon, preached at St. Paul’s, the said Henry nothing concerning the m.

Sacheverel/, at his Request, caused the same to be The said upon the strictest Search

printed, with a Dedication thereof to him; and, for into his said Sermon, preached at St. Paul's, doth not Answer to the said Articles, humbly faith: find, that he hath given any the least colourable Pretence

for the Accusation, exhibited against him in this First Answer to the First Article. Article, but barely by his assertingthe utter Illegality of

To the First Part of the First Article, the said Henry Resistance to the supreme Power, upon any Pretence Sacheverel denies, that in his laid Sermon, preached at St. whats >ever; for which A fieri ion, he humbly conceives,

Paul's, he doth fugged and maintain, thar the necessary he hatli the Authority of the Church of England, which Means, used to bring about the happy Resolution, were in divers Passages of her Homilies, too large, and too odious, or unjustifiable; nor doth he, in any Part of that numerous, to be here specified, but by the said Sermon, affirm any thing concerning the necessary Means, Sacheverel ready to be produced, hath taught and incul-uled to bring about the happy Resolution. The said cated this DcCtrine, as founded on the Word of God; par-llenry Sacheverel is so far from reflecting on his late ticularly in the Second Part of the Sermon of Obedience, Majesty, or the happy Resolution, that he endeavours, contained in the former Book of Homilies, let forth in n that Sern.-’n, to clear the Resolution, and his Jate the Time of King the Sixth; where are these

Majesty, from the black and odious Colours, which Words: " Here, good People, Jet us all mark diligently: their greatest Enemies had endeavoured to call upon " It is not lawful for Inferiors, and Subjects, in any Cale bo;ii. to relict and stand against the superior Powers: For St.

And, as to that Part of the said Article, whereby the " Paul's Words be plain, that whomever withstandeth* laid Henry Sacheverel is charged with luggefting, and " shall get to themselves Damnation: For whosoever maintaining, that his late Majesty, in his Declaration, " witliftandeth, witliftandeth the Ordnance of God."

Vo> lb'. Which

1

1

1

l

Sacheverell’i Which feid Book of Homilies is affirmed, in one of impeachment, the 39 Articles of Religion, 'which concern the Con* ijeflion of the true Christian Faith, to contain a godly and wholesomp Doctrine, and is ordered to be read in tjbprches by the Ministers diligently, and didinftly, that they may be underfunded of the People. And the 4id Henry Sacheverel, In further Maintenance of the said Doctrine and Postion, contained in the Books of Homilies, 2nd of the Authority of those Books, faith, {hat by an Act: of Parliament, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of Queen Eliz. intituled, "An Act for the '* M'mifters of the Church to be of found Religion," it is enacted, That no Person should thereafter be admitted to 4ny Benefice with Cure, except he should fird have fub-fhibed the said Articles, in the Presence of the Ordinary, mid publickly read the same in the Parish Church of that Benefice, with Declaration of his unfeigned Assent to the feme: And that by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of her prefpnt Majesty’sReign, intituled, "An Act for securing " the Church of England, as by Law established," it was Wasted, That the said Act, made in the said 13th Year of the Reign of Queen Eliz. should remain and be in full Force for ever, and be inserted, in express Terms, in any Act, which should be made, for ratifying the Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, and therein declared to be an essential and fundamental Part thereof; And the said Act was accordingly inserted, in express Terms, in an Act for the Union of the Two Kingdoms, and thereby ratified, and declared to be an essential and fundamental Part thereof.

And the said Henry Sacheverell doth further infill, and is advised, that the aforesaid Assertion is agreeable to, and warranted by, the common Law of England, and divers Acts of Parliament, now remaining in full Force.

The laid Henry Sacheverel doth, with all Humility, aver the Illegality of Resistance, on any Pretence whatever, to be the Doctrine of the Church of England, and to have been the general Opinion of our most orthodox and able Divines, from the Time of the Reformation to this Day. This Doctrine hath, in the most solemn Manner, been taught in that University, whereof he hath lpeen for more than.Twenty Years a Member: This hath been often, with publick Approbation of each House of Parliament, preached, and printed; and in Terms of greater Force, than any used by the said Henry Sacheverel, hath by the right reverend Fathers of our Church, dead 2nd living, been avowed and maintained.

And the said Henry Sacheverel was the rather induced to preach against the Doctrine of Residance of the supreme Power, upon the 5th Day of November, because on that Pay the Church commemorates our Deliverance from the traiterous Attempts of rebellious Papids; and because the Lawfulness of residing the supreme Power was originally a popish Doctrine; for which Reasons, as he humbly conceives, the Rubrick of the Office, appointed for that Day by her late Majesty Queen Mary, of blessed Memory, directs that, after the Creed, if there be no Sermon, shall be read one of the Six Homilies against Rebellion.

Whild, therefore, the Church of England, as by Law established, is in a safe and flourishing Condition, under her Majesty’s happy Adnainidration; whild popish Tenets are by all good Protedants condemned, and abhorred; whild the Laws of this Realm continue in their full Force and Vigour; the said Henry Sacheverel humbly hopes, that a dutiful Son of that Church, a sincere Protedant, and a faithful Subject of her Majesty, shall not suffer for asserting the Doctrine of Non-resistance of the supreme Powers: But if this Doctrine be declared erroneous, and it should please God, that he should suffer for asserting it; he truds, that God will enable him to shew his deady Belief of this Doctrine, by a meek and patient Resignation to whatever shall befall him on that Account.

Answer to the ad Article.

To that Part of the 2d Article, which.charges, that he, the said Henry Sacheverell, doth lugged and maintain, that the Toleration, granted by Law, is unrealizable, and the Allowance of it unwarrantable} the said U

Henry Sacheverell faith, that upon the most diligent Enquiry, he has not been able to inform himself, that a Toleration hath been granted by Law; hut admits, that an Act did pass in the Fird Year of King and

Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for exempting the ic " Majesties Protedant Subjects, dissenting from the " Church of England, from the Penalties of certain " Laws;" which Exemption the said Henry Sacheverell doth not any where maintain, or fugged to be unreasonable, or, that the Allowance of it is unwarrantable; but hoped, that he had prevented any such Milappre-hension, by declaring his sincere Meaning in these Words, contained in his Sermon, preached at St. Paul's: " I " would not be here misunderstood, as if I intended to " cad the lead invidious Reflection upon that ladulgence, which the Government hath condescended to " give them; which, I am sure, all those, who wish well " to our Church, are ready to grant to Consciences truly " scrupulous: Let them enjoy it in the full Limits, the " Law has prescribed."

If there be any other Expressions concerning Toleration, which may seem to carry a dubious Sense, in any other Parts of his Sermon, he hopes, that they will not be applied to the Exemption, granted by Law, but will be interpreted agreeably to his avowed Approbation of that Law.

And to such Part of the said 2d Article, as charges, that he, the said Henry Sacheverell, asserts, that he is a faife Brother, with relation to God, Religion, or the Church, who defends Toleration, and Liberty of Confidence; he, the said Henry Sacheverell, faith, that he, having so plainly declared himself in favour of the Exemption, granted by Law, when he blames those, who upon all Occasions defend Toleration, and Liberty of Conscience, cannot be thought to reflect on the Defender* of that legal Exemption, or Indulgence, which he him* self approves, and defends. He doth indeed fugged it to be one Part of the Character of a falle Brother, upon, all Occasions to defend Toleration, and Liberty of Conscience, and, to excuse the Separation, lay the Fault upon the true Sons of the Church, for carrying Matter* too high; which universal Defence of Toleration, and Excuse of Separation, attended with the laying the Fault of such Separation upon the true Sons of the Church, are by him jointly mentioned in one and the same Clause of the Sentence, and in one and the same Branch of the Character: So that his Reflection doth not extend to all* who defend Toleration and Liberty of Conscience, much less to those, who defend the Exemption, granted by Law to Protedant Difl’enters; but to such only, who at the same time they defend universal Toleration, and Liberty-of Conscience, do also excuse the Separation, and fey the Fault thereof upon the true Sons of the Church, for carrying Matters too high; and these he did then, and dill doth, with all Humility, conceive to be judly blameable, and, if Members of this Church, to be faife Brethren.

And as to that Part of the 2d Article, whereby the said Henry Sacheverell is charged with asserting, that Queen Eliz.was deluded by Archbishop to

the Toleration of the Genevian Discipline; he, the said Henry Sacheverell, faith, he humbly conceives, he hath good Authority, from the Hidories and Monuments of those Times, for such Assertion; but, whether he hath, ot hath not, he humbly apprehends, such Assertion to be no Proof of his maintaining, or suggesting, that the Exemption of Protedant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, granted by an Act, made in the Fird Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary (which Exemption he supposes to be intended by the legal Indulgence, or Toleration, granted to Dissenters, mentioned in the Preamble of the Articles, and by the Toleration, granted by Law, mentioned in this Second Article) is unreasonable, or the Allowance of it unwarrantable: For he is humbly of opinion, that there is a wide and manifed Difference between a Toleration of the Genevian Discipline, and an Exemp* tion of Protedant Dissenters from the Penalties of certain

Laws;

8 Ann. 26° Januarii.

La?.-s; between a Toleration, allowed merely by the Kingdom, debauched in Principles, and corrupted in regal Power, and an Exemption, granted by an Act of Manners, and, instead of the true Faith, Discipline, and ">I,e*c Parliament; which exemption he is so far from thinking Wcrship, given over to all Licentiousness, both in Opinion unrealbnable, or unwarrantable, that, from the Bottom of and Pnuflice, to all Sensuality, Hypocrisy, Lewdness, and 1)i> Heart, he wisheth it, under the same Heftritflions and Atheism, then we (that is, evidently, all the Members Limitations, extended to all her Majesty’sProtestantSub- of such a Church, or Kingdom) are in Danger such jefls fcUroughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain. deplorable Circumstances: And this Sug2.eltion of Dan-And a- to such Part of the Second Article, whereby ger, arising to a Church, and Kingdom, from Vice and the said Henry Sacluverellis charged with scurrilously call- Infidelity, he humbly presumes, is not opposite to the ing the said Archbishop Grindall a false Son of the Church, Vote of the Two Houses, or seditious, but intirely agree-and a pcifidious Prelate; the said Henry Sacheverell able to what is solemnly declared in an Act of Parliament, humbly hop.s, that any harlh Expressions, he hath used made the 9th and 10th of his late Majesty King William concerning that Prelate, may be rather excused, because the for the more effectual luppressing of BJafphemy the said Archbishop, having permitted Innovations to be and Profanenefi; wherein it is affirmed, that many Per-obtruded on the Church, did thereby incur the high fons had of late Years openly avowed, and published, many Di pbafure of lb good and pious a Prince as Queen blalphemous and impious Opinions, contrary to the Elizabeth, by whole Order he was suspended, and con- Doctrines and Principles of the Christian Religion, greatly tiuucd under such Sul'pension to the Day of his Death, tending to the Dishonour of Almighty God, which might However, the said Henry Sachcverellprefumes, that no prove destructive to the Peace anti Welfare of this King-

Words, spoken of an Archbishop, above One hundred dom: And he conceives, that, since the passing that Act, > and Twenty Years since deceased, will, in Construction the detestable Crimes (for the effectual suppressing of of Law, amount to an high Clime and Mildemcanor. which that Act was intended) have greatly increa.'ed. And And as to such Part of the Second Article, whereby the said Henry Sachevcrellfiith, that Suggcftions, by him the said Henry Sacheverell is charged with maintaining, made, of Dangers arising to us from Vice and Infidelity, that it is the Duty of superior Pallors to thunder out he apprehends to be in no wile more seditious, or repug-t heir cccieliastical Anathema’s against Persons,' entitled to nant to the Vote of the Two Houses, approved by her the Benefit of the Ctid Toleration; he, the said Henry Majesty, than the like Suggestions, occurring in the Sacheverell laith, that he doth not maintain, or fuggell, solemn Prayers of the Church, authorized by her Majesty, that it is the Duty of superior Pallors to thunder out and frequently used before each House of Parliament; ecclesustical Anathema’s against Persons, entitled to the wherein we beseech God. that no Sedition may disturb Benefit of the Toleration, which Persons, when he speaks this State, nor Schilm distract this Church; and that he of l'uch Anathema’s, arc neither by him mentioned, nor would give us Grace, seriously to lay to Heart the great intended; but, if the Expressions, by him unapplied to Dangers we are in by our unhappy Divisions. any, must be detcimir.cd to any one Sort of Persons, he And as to so much of the said Third Article, whereby humbly conceives, that the Connexion of his Discourse ’tis charged, that the said as a Parallel,

will determine ihem to those schismatical and faflious mentions a Vote, that the Person of King Charles the Persons, who take Permission for Power, and advance First was voted to be out of Danger, at the same time,

Toleration immediately into an Eftnblifltment; and such that his Murderers were conspiring his Death, thereby schismatical a-d faction-. Persons, he humbly apprehends, wickedly and maliciously insinuating, that the Members are not the Persons entitled to the Benefit of the Act of of both Houses, who passed the said Vote, were then

Exemption, which was dcligticd only to give some Ease to conspiring the Ruin of the Church; he, the said Henry scrupulous Confcii necs, in the- Exercise of their Religion. Sachevere, doth say, that he doth not draw any Parallel And as to the lull Part of the Second Article, whereby betw’een the Vote, concerning the King’s Person, and the the said Henry Sacheverell is charged with inlolently daring late Vote of the Two Houses, which he neither there, or defying any Power on Earth to reverie such Sentences} nor elsewhere, in his Sermon mentions: But had he fug-the said Henry Sacheverell faith, that the Sentence, which gelled one Vote to be parallel to the other (which he hath he, the said Henry Sacheverell, dares any Power on Earth not) yet would he not have thereby wickedly and mali-to reverie, is Ibch, and such only, as is ratified in Heaven; ciously insinuated, that the Members of both Houses, and such Sentence he Hill affirms to be by any earthly who passed the late Vote, were then conspiring the Ruin Power irrcverfible, and hopes, it will not bethought of the Church; but would only have intimated, that, as Inlblence in him to affirm, what, he conceives, would some Persons were conspiring the Murder of the King, be Blasphemy in any one to deny: And doth further whilst others, no-ways privy to their wicked Intentions, acknowledge hims If firmly to beinve, that some Son- voted his Person to be out of Danger; so, when the Two v

fences, pronounced by the Pallors of the Church, are Houses voted the Church of to be in no Danger,

ratified in Heaven; and that some Persons, exempted under her Majesty’s Administration, there might be some from Punishment by the particular Laws of the Land, others, who were conspiring the Ruin of the Church, and may yet, by the Laws of Christ, be jullly liable to such many others, who, by their Vice, and Infidelity, were Scntemes; and that Schism, or a causeless Separation drawing down God’s Vengeance both on Church and from a Church, imputing no linful Terms of Communion, Kingdom.

h a Sin, which expolls the Persons, guilty thereof, to the As the Vote of both Houses, made Four Years ago,

Censures of the Church. did concern those only, who did then insinuate, the Church

Answer to the 2d Article. of England to be in Danger, under her Majesty’s Admi-

And as to so much of the Third Article, as charges nistration; so it cannot, he presumes, affeit those, who the said Henry Sacheverell, that he doth falsely and fedi- do now fuggell, the Christian Faith, which is the Foun-tiously fuggell, and afilrt, that the Church of England is dation, upon which every Christian Church Hands, to be in a Condition of great Peril and Adversity under her endangered by those atheistical and irreligious Principles,

Majesty’s Administr.ition; and that, in order to arraign which are daily from the Press propagated amongst us, and blacken the said Vote and Ilcsolution of both Houses notwithstanding the Provision, made by the said Act, for cf Parliament, approved by her Majesty, he, in Oppo- suppressing Blalphemy and Profaneness: So that the said lition thereto, doth fuggell the Church to be in Danger; Henry Sacheverel thinks, that he might with Truth affirm, the said Henry SaebiVirelldenies, that he hath either as he did in his Sermon, preached at that there

asserted, or luggtfted, the Church of England to be in were never such outrageous Blasphemies against God, and a Condition of great Peril and Adversity under her all Religion, natural,*as well as revealed, vented publickly,

Majesty’s Administratioti; but he doth freely acknow- with Impunity, in any Christian Church, or Kingdom, lege, that he hath in his Sermon luggefted, that when in the whole World, as at present in our own; of which national Sins are ripened up to a lull Maturity, to call Assertion the said Henry Sacheverel is ready to produce down Vengeance from Providence on a Church and undeniable and ample Proofs, if called thereto.

1 V04. 10. 4 R Answer

L.

Sachevereirs

linjienduuent.

282 26* Januarii. 1709.

Answer to the 4th Article.

As to the 4th Article; it contains several Charges, of a very high and criminal nature, of which the said Henry Sacheverel knows his Heart to be intirely innocent , and be observes, with Comfort, that, whereas in the former Three Articles he is said to have maintained, or asserted, as well as to have suggested, tire Doctrines and Things, therein laid to his Charge, in this Fourth Article he is not aceufed of maintaining, or averting, but barely of suggesting, what is therein contained; and he humbly hopes, that bare Suggestions, or Insinuations, could they with any Colour, or Probability, be made out (as, he is fully satisfied, they cannot) will not, under the moll mild and gracious Government, at a time, when several new Laws have been made, for securing the Liberties of the Subject, by your Lordships, the great Guardians of our Laws and Liberties; be adjudged sufficient to involve an Eng/ish.Subject in the Guilt and Punishment of high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

To the several Parts of the said 4th Article, the said Henry Sacheverelldoth in all Humility answer: As to such Part thereof, whereby it is charged, that the said Henry Saeheverel, in his said Sermons, and Books, doth falsely and maliciously suggest, that her Majesty’s Administration, both in ecclesiastic and civil Affairs, tends to the Destruction of the Constitution; he, the said Heury Sacheverell, faith, that he hath not made any Mention in either of his Books, or Sermons, of her Majesty’s Administration in ecclesiastical or civil Affairs, or of tier Ministers: So far is he from suggest ing, that her Majesty’s Administration, both in ecclesiastical and civil Affairs, tends to the Destruction of the Constitution, that, amongst the incftimable Blessings, which arc owing to our Deliverance, annually commemorated on the 3th of November, he reckons this to be one, that her Majesty, the good and pious Relict of the Royal Family, fits now happily on the Throne of her Ancestors; and prays, that God may long preserve her, for the Comfort and Support of the Church; and profeffeth, that what he spoke proceeded from a tender Concern for her Majesty’s Person and Government; and in the Dedication also of his said Sermon, preached at St. Paul’s, solemnly declares (as he did before in his Discourse) that his only Aim and Intention was, earnestly to contend for the Safety, Rights, and Establishment, of her Majesty, together with those of the Church.

And as to such Part of the said 4th Article, whereby it is charged, that the said Henry doth fug-

ged, that there are Men of Characters and Stations in the Church, who are falle Brethren; the said Henry vercl laith, that the Life Brethren, as described by him in his Sermon, are either those, who propagate false poftrines; or, who give up the DiscipHneand Worship of the Church; or, who are fora Neutrality in Religion; or, who with well to the Church of England, and are ready to sacrifice their Persons and Effaces in her Vindication, but do not llievv their Zeal in the Communion of the Church, as well as for it, in obeying her Precepts, as well as defending her Rights: These being the several Sorts of false Brethren, enumerated by the said Henry Sacb.vere/l,if he should have suggested, that there are Men of Characters and Stations in Church and State Woids, by no means restrained to the bigheft Characters and Stations) to whom the Denomination of false Brethren, in some one or more Ssnfes of that Word, as by him interpreted, doth belong, he humbly hopes, that such Suggestion would not be deemed false, malicious, or highly criminal.

As to such other Part of the said 4th Article, whereby it is th uged, that the said Henry Sacheverell doth suggest, that there are Men of Characters and Stations in the Church and State, who do themselves weaken, undermine, and betray, and do encourage?and put it into the Power of, others, who are professed Enemies, to overturn and destroy, the Constitution, and Establishment; the said Henry Sachevereldenieth, that he suggesteth any such

things concerning Men of Characters and Stations in 18

Church, or State: Where he speaks of those, who weaken, undermine, and betray, and encourage, and put it in the Power of, our professed Enemies to overturn and destroy, the Constitution and Establishment, there Men of Characters and Stations are not mentioned by him; and where he mentions Men of Characters and Stations, Twelve Pages afterwards (the only Place, wherein he mentions them) there he speaks nothing of weakening, undermining, and betraying, or of encouraging, and putting it in the Power of, our professed Enemies to overturn and destroy, the Constitution and Establishment; and hopes therefore, that he shall be no ways answerable for a supposed Iiefleftion, which depends upon the Conjunction of Passages, so widely distant from, and lb little relating to, each other: The Weakeners, Underminers, and Betrayers, of our Constitution, and the Encouragers, to whom the said Henry Sacheverell doth in any Part of his Sermon refer, will, he presumes, upon a candid Examination of those Passages, appear to be one of these Three Sorts of Persons: Esther, First, such, as by their Writings endeavour to subvert the Foundations of our Church, and State: Or, Secondly, such, whether Writers, or others, who are for a latitudinarian, heterogeneous. Mixture of all Persons, of what different Faith loever, uniting only in Protestancy; which would let into her Bowels those, who neither believe her Faith, own her Million, submit to her Discipline, or comply with her Liturgy; which he afterwards stiles the Model of an universal Coalition: Or, Thirdly, those occasional Coiformifts, who have so far eluded the Corporation and Test Acts by their abominable Hypocrisy, as to have undermined the Foundations, and endangered the Government, by filling it (as far as they could) with its profefi'ed Enemies, that is, with themselves. Of all thele, and their Encouragers, the said Henry Sacheverellconfcffes himself to have luggefted, that they do, in his Opinion, weaken, undermine, and betray, the Constitution; but, that either these, or their Encou* ragers, are Men of Characters or Stations in the Church, or State, he hath not any where suggested.

And as to such other Part of the said 4th Article, which chatgeth the said Henry; Sacheverell with charging her Majesty, and those in Authority under her, both in Church and State, with a general Male-administration; the said Henry Saeheverel laith, that he abhors the Thoughts

of bringing any Charge against her sacred Majesty, whom he never mentions, but in Terms of the profoundest Duty and Respect; nor doth he tax those in Authority with a general, or with any, Male-administration, which is a Word he hath never used, nor, as far as he can find, any other Word or Words, by which the Thing is implied: So far is the said Henry Sacheverell from making any undutiful Reflections upon her Majesty, or her Administration, that in the several Writings, that he has published since her happy Accellion to the Throne, particularly in one, which is an avowed Defence of her Title to the Crown, and a Justification of her entering into a War with France and Spain, he hath expressed himself with, the most hearty and loyal Zeal for her Majesty’s Person, Government, and Administration.

And as to such other Part of the said Fourth Article, whereby it is charged, that the said Henry Sacheverell, as a publick Incendiary, persuades her Majesty’s Subjects, to keep up a Distinction of Fastions, and Parties; the said Henry Saeheverel laith, that he is so far from being guilty of this Charge, that in his said Sermon he invites the Separatists to renounce their Schism, and come fin-cerely into the Church; and complains of those, that have villainoully divided us with the knavilh Distinctions of High and Low Church Men; and willies we may be one Fold, under one Shepherd; and that all those invidious Distinctions, that now distract and confound us, were loft; so that we might be terrible, like an Army with Banners, to our Enemies, who could never break in upon such an uniform and well-compafted Body.

And to such other Part of the said 4th Article, as charges, that the said Henry Saeheverel infttls groundless Jealousies, and foments destructive Divisions, among

her

8 Ann. %6° — 27° Januarii. 283

her Majesty’s Subjects; the said Henry Sacheverel faith, Passages by them cited, shall be laid to have been by SacheTerrlI,« that iti his laid Sermon he, on the contrary, rebukes and them meant of particular Persons and Things, and shall condemns those, who by falle Insinuations, and railing be construed in the most criminal sense, and be made, by gronnrilels Jealousies and Fears, embroil the Publick, and such Construd ion, one ground of an Impeachment for bring it into Consulion. high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

And as to such other Part of the said Fourth Article, And as to all other Matters and Things in the said whereby it is charged, that the said Henry Sacheverel etc- Articles contained, and not herein before particularly cites and stirs up her Majesty’s Subjects to Arms and answered unto, the said Henry Sacheverel faith, he is not Violence; the said Henry SacheverelI faith, God forbid, guilty of them, or any of them, in Manner and Form, that he should be guilty of so heinous a Crime, who af- as the feme are charged upon him in and by the said ferts- the utter Illegality of Hcfiflance to the supreme Articles; and humbly l'ubmitshimself to your Lordships Power, upon any Pretence whatsoever! W hich Assertion Judgment.

he conceives to be the chief, if not only, Ground of the Henry Sacheverell.

Charge, exhibited against him in the First Article.

In Confutation of this Charge, be begs leave to recite Ordered, That the Answerof Doctor Henry Sacheverel, one Passage out of his Sermon, preached at Derby, in the . lent front the Lords Yesterday, be referred to the Corn-following Words: "We may be Partakers of other mittee, who were appointed to draw up the Articles of " Men’s Sins, if we do not, to the uttermost of our Impeachment, which were exhibited by the Commons to " Power, endeavour to prevent, or obstrud, their Com- the Lords against Dr. Henry Sacheverel, for high Crimes " million, when they manifestly endanger the Good of and Misdemeanors; and that they do consider thereof " the Publick. As we arc Members of any Government, and report their Opinion, what is most proper to be done " or Society, we are all obliged, in point of Honour, . towards the further Proceedings thereon: And they have * Interest, and Conscience, to maintain its Security, pro- Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and

they are to meet at such Times, and Places, as they shall think fit.

And then the House adjourned till To-morow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Verier is) die Januarii;

Anno 8* Ann® Regin®, 1709.

Prayers.

MR. Mount ague (according to Order') so Northimpiao

the House, a Bill for repairing the Highways be- Roads. tween the House, commonly called the Horjhoe not wanting tome to preach the Truth, and others to the Parish of in the County of Bucks,

support it, at the Expence of their Lives and For- and the Town of; and the Bill was received,

tunes," will not be construed as exciting her Majesty’s and read the Firsttime.

Subjects to Sedition and Reixllion; since that Truth, That the Bill be read a Second time,

which he commends some for preaching, and others for

supporting, is by him opposed to the Attempts of those, A Petition of divers of the Silk Weavers, of the City Public who betray, and run down, the principles and Interest of of Coventry, on behalf of themselves, and of many Hun- Mourning*, our Church and Constitution; and since he there de- dreds of Persons, belonging to, and depending upon, the feivediy commends the High Sheriff"of that County, on same Trade, was presented to the House, and read; set-the account of his ft cad y Loyalty, and Zeal to lerve her ting forth, that the long publick Mournings has quite Majesty, and the Government, icr which he hath been ruined the Silk-weaving Trade, which is the chief Sup-so remarkably distinguished. port of the poor Inhabitants of the said City; and the

In the Sermon preached at St. Paul’s, he doth indeed Masters are forced to turn off their Workmen, for want cxcirc Chrillians to put on the whole Armour of God, as of Vent lor their Goods: And praying, that all publick wrestling not only against Flesh and Blood, but against Mournings may be shortened for the future.

Principalities, against Powers, against the Rulers of the Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Darkntfs of this World, against spiritual Wickedness in be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of high Places; but he hath learned from the same St. Paul, several Mercers in the City of London, and Liberty of that the Arms of ReGIlance, taken up by Subjects Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of that against the higher Powers, are no Part of that spiritual Trade, is referred.

Armour; and Principalities and Powers, by him mentioned, being plainly distinguished from Flesh and Blood, A Petition of the High Sheriff, her Majesty’s Justices Huntingdon cannot, he drinks, be lo far nri (interpreted, as to be un- of the Peace, and the principal Freeholders, of the County dei stood of earthly Potentates and Rulers. of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read;

And as t> so hiuch of the said Fourth Article, whereby setting forth, that the Lands in the said County are gene-it is charged, that he, the said Henry Sacheverel, doth rally Freehold, and may be so secretly conveyed from one wickedly wrest and pervert divers Texts and Passages of to another, that ill-disposed Persons may, and frequently holy Scripture, that his laid malicious and seditiousSug- do, commit Frauds; whereby many industrious Persons, geftions may make the llronger Impression upon the who have purchased, or lent Money on, such I^nds,

Minds of her Majesty’s Subjects; the said Henry Sacheve- have been cheated, and undone, by fraudulent, or prior, rel fays, that, having no malicious or seditious Suggestions Incumbrances: And praying, that Leave may be given to imprint, he could not intend to wrest any Pafliigcs of to bring in a Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, the holy Scripture to that wicked Purpose. Hard is the Lot of the Ministers of the Gospel, if when they cite the Word of God, in their general Exhortations to Piety and Virtue, or in their Reproofs of Men’s Transgressions, or where they are lamenting the Difficulties and Conflicts, with which the Church of Christ, whilst militant here on Earth, must always struggle, the several Texts and Vo 1. 16.

W'ills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made, that may affect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County, and also for Inrolment of all Bargains and Sales of all such Honoura, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

Ordered, That Leave be given so bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition j and that Mr.

Pecklingtan,

" mote its Welfare, and guard it against factious Dcligns, " or seditious Conspiracies, that may threaten itsConfti-tution, diri ompose its Peace, or violate and subvert its " Laws. God and Nature have inverted every Subject, " from his Cradle, with a Commission to engage, disco-'* ver, and disappoint, the Enemies of his Church, and Countiy; and he, that is either privy to, industriously " conceals, or any way abets, their schismatical, illegal, " or rebellious Lnterprizes, both in the Eyes of human, " as well as divine, Iaiws, is an Accomplice and Par- taker of the Guilt, a Traitor to God, and his Prince, " a Patron and Protcdor of Injustice, and a common " Adversary to himself, as well as all Mankind."

And the said Hen. Sacheverel hopes, what he hath said in the Dedication of the same Sermon, " That there are

Restraining

Buildings.

Rolle't

Estate.

Limiting Officers in the House.

Ways and Means.

2 70 — 28’, Januarii.

A.

1709.

Pocklington, Mr. Proby, and Sir Edward Lawrence, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for retraining the building upon pew Foundations, in the Cities of London and Westminster, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill to veil in, and enable, Trustees, to fell feme Out-parts of the Estate, late of Sir John Knight; of the Bath, deceased, for Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and younger Children’s Portions, and for settling of other Lands, equal in Value, to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir

Tonge, Mr. Gwyn, Lord f¥m. Pozvlett, Mr. , Mr.

Mtrvin, Mr. Shepard, Sir Rich. Allen, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Monson, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Guibon, Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Yates, Mr. Brewer, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Dailies, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Barker, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Gale, Mr. Annejley, Sir Drake-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, -merfet, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wortley (according to Order) presented to the

House, a Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and Courts there, and Court of Request, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The Bill was read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The X cas go forth:

T*»

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Cliair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon tVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that the Commissioners of the Customs may attend the said Committee, to give an Account, what it. 6 per Pound upon Pepper, ^s. per Hundred upon Raisins, and double the Duties upon Spices, to be imported into Great Britain, may amount unto yearly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do attend the said Committee of the whole House upon IVednfday next, to give an Account, what One Shilling and Six-pence per Pound upon Pepper, Five Shillings per Hundred upon Raisins, and double the Duties upon Spices, to be imported into Great Britain, may amount unto yearly. . -

Bubers an^ C urnpauy.

Ordered, That Mr Slier winMr. Mr.

Chomley, Mr. Renda, Sir Fran. Mr. Tho. Con-

yers, Colonel Tate, Mr. Carr, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Masters or Governors of the Mistery and Commonalty of Barbers and Surgeons,

of London, and also of the Peruke-makers, inhabiting within Seven Miles of the said City, is referred.

Ordered, That the Bill for the publick registering of Sun*)-all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that Keytiry. shall be rriade of, or that shall affect, any Honours,

Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surry, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 28° die Januarii;

Anno 8° Anna: Regina, 1709.

Prayers.

A B I L L for the publick registering of all Deeds, Sumr l\. Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall Kegifoy. be made of, or that shall affect, any Honours, Manors,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surry, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon WednesdayMorning next.

Mr. Mervinreported from the Committee, to whom Berne*

the Bill for veiling the Estate of Thomas Berrie, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Mortgages thereupon, and other his Debts, which his personal Estate will not extend to pay, and for laying out thefurplus Money for the Benefit of Henrica Berrie, his Widow, and Dorothy and Henrietta, his Two Infant Daughters, was committed i that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and had made several Amendments; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Amendments they had made, to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Prevention of whom the Bill for the better preventing of excessive and Gaming, immoderate Gaming, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of John Forkett, Major Bradley, and Thomas Privilege

Dawes, and others, on behalf of themselves, and the rest iu»Su» of the Creditors of the Right honourable John Earl of Kildare, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the said Earl, being seised in Fee of a great real Estate, devised several Parts thereof to Geo,

Rodney Bridges, Esquire (a Member of this House) ai.d Rich. Bagot, Esquire (whom he made Executors) and their Heirs, inTruft, to raise so much Money thereby, as his personal Estate should fall short, to pay his Debts and Legacies, in the first place, Remainder to Charles Duke of Richmond, for Life, Remainder to his younger Children: That the Executors proved the Will in the ipiri-rual Court, and in Chancery, though contested in both by Francis Roberts, Esquire, and his Wife, the Sifter and Heir of the said Earl: That, upon proving of the Will in Chancery-, in a Clause, wherein the Duke, and h s

Children,

K-

S*

j

Burlipp

Turnpike.

Cardigan

ll'»rou^h

Writ*

Arnwfty't

Charities*

8 Ann. a8° Januarii. 285

Children, were Plaintiffs, and the said Mr. Bridges, Mr, Bagot, Mr. Rob arts, and his Lady, Defendants, which was heard the 7 th of March last, and the Court decreed an Account of the personal Estate, and that the Creditors should prove their Debts before a Master in Chancery; which they have done; and the Master is ready to make his Report; but Mr. Robarts opposes it, and infills on his Privilege (being lately become a Member of this House) although he has no Colour of Right, prior to the Petitioners, and, on hearing of the Cause, only infilled on a bare Contingency, on the Duke's Children’s dying in his Life-time, and that also subject to the Petitioners Demands: And praying, that the Master, and the Petitioners, may beat Liberty to proceed in the Recovery of their Debts, notwithstanding Mr. Robarts Privilege, who ought to have none in this Cafe, as the Petitioners humbly conceive.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referral to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of George Rodney Bridges, and Richard Bag-got, Esquires, Executors of the last Will and Testament of "John, late Earl of Kildare, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth the Matter abovesaid in die Petition of the Creditors of the said Earl; and that the Petitioners have been sued at Law by several of thcCredi-tors, who have obtained Judgments; and the Petitioners (to gain Time till a Decree for the Creditors, who are in a starving Condition) have given Judgments de bonis

friis, upon a Stay of Execution till the First Day of this present Hilary Term: That, for want of such Decree, the Petitioners cannot proceed to pay the Creditors, to the great Prejudice of those entitled to the real Estate, by fullering the Interest of those Debts, at 8 and to per Cent, to run on, and also to the Petitioners, whose own Estates are liable to the Judgments: And praying, that they may be permitted to proceed in the Execution of the Trull re-posed in them, without incurring the Displeasure of the House in relation to tire Privilege of Francis Robarts, Esquire.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee oi Privileges and Eltftions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and feport the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Colonel Monton be added to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill to regulate the Abuse of a Turnpike, erected On the Highways between Burlipp and Glc

LeuisPrice, Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Cardigan; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Cardigan, in the same County; made his Election to lerve for tl*e County.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to nuke out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cardigan, in the room of the said Lewis Price, Eiqu We.

A Petition of the present aftingTrufeees under the Will of Thomas Arnwayi late of JFeft Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Testator, by his Will, dated 16 October, 1603, gave ill his real and personal Estate to raise a perpetual Stock of Money, to be lent Out to honest youn»Traders, upon good Security, per Out. Interest: That the Commissioners for charitable Uses, finding divers MisappLica-tions, 2* Apr. 1 Anna, decreed the then acting Trustees to deliver up all Moneys, and Securities, in their Power, lo the Petitioners, and decreed the Money to be lent at J£.3 per Cent. That accordingly the Petitioners lent out Money; but they have had great Trouble, and unavoidable LofTtt; and ift that Method it does nOtanswertheln-ientioft of the Donor: That there are feveril Hospitals since erected m St. Margaret's, for poor

Vol. 16.

Children, to be bred up in the Principles of Christian Religion, and putting them out Apprentices, and Governors appointed by Letters Patents: The Endowments whereof, if augmented, would very much tend to the Glory of God and the Good of the Realm: Aitd praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to deliver up to the Governors of the Hospitals of the Green Coats and Grey Coats, in Tothill Fields, all such Moneys, and Securities, as they have in their Power, under the said Charity, and to veil the real and personal Estate, belonging to the fame, in the Governors of the said Hospitals, for the Benefit of the poor Children therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Denxitl Onslow, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Complaint being made to the House, that, although Leftwithi«l the Election for the Borough of Lectin the County Return*

of Cornwall, was upon the Tenth Instant, yet no Return is made thereof.

Ordered, That the Sheriff of the County of Cornwall do, upon fVeduefday Morning next, by himself, or Depu-

ty, give this House an Account, why the Return for the said Borough of Leftwitkiel is not made.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Roxburgh Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it County appeared to them, touching the Election for the Shire of ^eaion* Roxburgh, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report, and Resolutions, he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow;

Upon the Petition of the honourable Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return, of Sir Gilbert Elliot of Slobbs, Baronet, for the Shire of of Roxburgh:

That it appeared by the Roll of Freeholders, that there were 31 Persons, who voted for the fitting Member;

And 24 for the Petitioner.

But the Counsel for the Petitioner infilled, that 17 Persons, who voted for the fitting Member, were not qualified to vote by the Laws of hi cot land; and produced a

Copy of the Minutes, taken at the making up the Roll of Freeholders, before the Election, which contained the Objections, made to the Voters on both Sides, and their Answers to the said Objections.

And in thefirlt Place they proceeded to disqualify Henry Elliot, of Harret, the elder; and in order thereunto, they read a Clause in an Act, of the 3d Parliament of King Charles the 2d, intituled, "Aft concerning the Election " of Commissioners for Shires," commonly called the Act of 1681, viz.

" That none shall haveVote in the Elections for Commissioners for Shires, or Stewartries, but those, who at " that Time shall be publickly infeoft in Property, or Superiority, and in Post'dfion, of a 40 s. Land, of u old Extent, holden of the King, or Prince, distinct " from the few Duties, in few Lands; or, where the said Old Extent appears not, shall be infeoft in Lands,

" Kable in pubKck Brnden for his Majestys Supplies, for " £. 400 valued Rent, whether Kirk Lands now holden

u of the Aing, or other Lands, holden Few-waird, or Blench, of his Majesty, as King, or Prince, of Scotland."

And then read the Objection, and Answer, as they appeared in the Mihutes; viz. 1 " William Basnet, of Grubet, protests against Hen:

* Elliot, of Harret, elder, that he cannot vote, as not " being qualified jn the Temos of the Act of Parliament,

1681: And thereon tabes Instruments.'*

x< It is answered for the said Htnry Elliot, of Harret,

* that the Objection, as it was read, acknoWleged him " to be fnfeft in Life-rent; and his Poflfession is not-u tour; for he dwells in his own House, arid polfelTes by " virtue of the said Charter and Itifeofrnent, as is.nottoar

4 C "to

a86

2 8" Januarii. A. 1709.

" to all the Country; and craves his Vote accordingly, in " respect his Lands are above 40/. Land, and he has been in constant Use of voting, without any Objection: rt and thereupon takes Instruments."

And, in order to sustain the said Objection, the Petitioner’s Counsel infilled, that the said , the

elder, had renounced the House, and Lands, for which he voted, to his Son Wm. Elliot; and produced a Renunciation thereof from him to his Son.

But the Counfe! for the fitting Member infilling, that* by the aforesaid Act, no Objection could be competent in Parliament, but what was particularly specified at the making up the Roll of Freeholders, the Committee were of Opinion, that the said Renunciation could not be read as Evidence.

Then the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded to disqualify Two of the fitting Member’s Voters; Simpson,

and John Simpson: And the Objection, and Answer, as they appeared in the Minutes, were read; viz.

" Wm. Bonnet, of Grebut, protests against Mr. Wm. Simpson, of Sharplaw, elder, and John , of

" Sharplaw, younger, that they cannot vote, in respect they are not publickly infeft, and in Possession, " of a 40J. Land, of old Extern, or £. 400 of valued " yearly Rent, and are not otherwise qualified to vote, in the Terms of the Act of Parliament 1681: And thereupon takes Instruments."

" That the said Mr. Wm. and John protest in

" the contrary, and demand their Votes, in respect they " Hand publickly infeft in the Lands of Sharplaw, uwhich are a Ten Mark Land, as is particularly mentioned in their Charter and Seisin; and they by virtue thereof voted at former Elections, and were admitted " upon Production of their Charter, which they now " oppone; and that they are severally in Possession of a " 40 s.Land of the said 10 Mark Land, which is all

" the Act of Parliament requires: And thereupon take Instruments."

That the Counsel for the fitting Member, to sustain the Two Simpfons Votes, produced a Charter, dated September 23, 1702, granting the said Lands of Sharplaw to the said Simpfons-, viz. to the Father for Life, and to the Son in Fee:

An Instrument of Seisin of the said Lands, following thereupon, dated October the ill, 1702:

And also a Disposition, or Assignation, of the equal Half of the Life-rent of the said Lands from the Father to the Son, dated October 6th, 1702.

And to prove, that the said Lands were a £.4 Land, of old Extent, they produced a Retour in Chancery, dated May the 13th, 1656, in which the said Lands of Sharplaw, together with the Lands of and Edillf-

eleugh, are valued at £.20 Scotch Money.

And a Certificate from the Sheriff1 s Clerltof shire, attested by two Commissioners of the Assessment; by which it appeared, that the Valuation of Nether io and Edillfcleugh, \s£. 1,144. 1 and the Valuation of

Sharplaw, is jf. 366. 13/. 4 d.From which Evidence the Counsel for the fitting Member inferred, that the Lands in Sharplaw were more than Two 40 s. Land, of old Extent, as being above the 5th Parts of the Lands, valued in the aforesaid Retour at £.

That the Counsel for the fitting MembeAproduced also an Extract of a Roll of Freeholders of the Shire of Roxburgh, made up October 6th, 1702, before the Election. of Members, to fit at the then ensuing Parliament of Scotland-, in which Roll the said Simpfons were inserted.

And that, upon this Evidence, the Committee came to the Resolutions following:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is sufficiently proved, that Wm. Simpson, otSharplaw, the elder, was publickly infeft, and in Possession, of 40 s.Land, old Extent, in the Shire of Roxburgh, at the time of the Election of a Commissioner, to fcrye to this present Parliament for the said Shire.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is sufficiently proved, that John Simpson, of Sharplaw, the younger, was publickly infeft, and in Possession of 40 s. Land, old Extent, in the Shire of Roxburgh, at the Time of the Election of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Shire.

That the Committee being informed, that the Petitioner would not proceed to disqualify any more Persons, who voted for the fitting Member, came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Gilbert Elliot of Slobs, Baronet, is duly elected a Commissioner, to serve in Parliament for the Shire of Roxburgh.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Compton also reported from the Committee of Pri- Rofl* County vileges ana Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Shire of and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report, and Resolutions, he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of the honourable. Geo. Rosse,

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Hugh Rosse, junior, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Shire of Rosse:

That the Counsel for the Petitioner alleged, that Hugh Rosse, senior, Esquire, High Sheriff for the Shire of Rosse, and Father of the fitting Member, had been guilty of divers Irregularities, and partial Proceedings, in th® Management of the said Election, and particularly, that he did not comply with an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1681, intituled, An Act concerning Election of Commissioners for Shireseither in respect to the Space of Time, appointed to be between the Day of the Return of such Election and the Day of the meeting of the Parliament; or of the Place of the Election; the said Sheriff appointing it to be at Fort Rosse, whereas Tane is the head Burgh for the Shire of Rosse.

That the following Clause in the said Act being read, whereby it is declared, "That, to the Effect, that sufficient Advertisement may be given to all Parties, having " vote in Election, the Sheriffs, and Stewards, are ordained to make Publication of the Call and Diet of the said " Parliament, and of the Diet, appointed for Election,

" and that at the head Burgh of the Shire, or Stewartry " upon a Mercat Day, betwixt Ten and Twelve in the " Forenoon, and also shall make the like Intimation at " such paroch Kirk, on Sunday immediately thereafter;

which Diets for Election shall at lead be Twelve Days " before the Meeting of Parliament, that the Commis- fioner elected may have Sufficiency of Time to keep " the Diet of the Parliament."

That the Counsel for the Petitioner produced the Writ of Summons, lent down to the said High Sheriff, bearing Date the 26th Day of April, in the 7th Year of the Queen, requiring him to cause an Election, and Return, of a Commissioner for the Shire of Rosse, to serve in Par- y

liament, to be held at Westminster the 8th of July following j and also the Return of the said High Sheriff^ upon such Election, which appears to bear Date at Fort Rose, the 26th Day of June, 1708; which, the Counsel for the Petitioner alleged, was not sufficientTime, according to the Intent of the Act of Parliament.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, according to the Terms of the Act of Parliament, passed in the Third Parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled, "Aft concerning the Election of Cotnmiflkmers " for Shires," there ought to have been Twelve Days exclusive, betvyecn the Day of Election of a Commissioner,

to

I*c

\\n

!:a«

I i/ECrr*

Itiliwil

t

[lift

Li!*

8 Ann.

28° — 31° Januarii.

Bofft County Writ.

Limiting Officers in tU Uouif.

to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Rosse, Hoys, and Boats, do annually pay an Acknowlegement and the Day appointed by the Writ of Summons for to the fi*id Borough, for taking away any Sand, or Soil, the meeting of the Parliament. of the {Hid Water; and the Borough pays 18 per

ResolveJ, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, nttm to the Crown, for their said Privileges: I hat there is

That Hugh Rosse, junior, of Kilravock, El'quire, is not a Bill now in the House, for clearing, preventing, and main-duly elected a Commissioner, to serve in Parliament for taining, the Harbour of Cattvatit% laying near Plymouth, the Shire of Rosse. and for cleansing, and keeping clean, the Pool, commonly

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second called Pool, lying in Plymouth; whereby the Mayor

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Jtnd Justices of , and the Commissioners of her

agreed unto by the House. Majesty’s Dock at , are appointed Supervisors of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Undertaking, for cleaning the said Harbours of the Clcik of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for and and for punishing such Persons, as

the electing a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present shall offend against the Ad: That the Petitioners con-Parliament for the Shire of RoJJi, in the room of the said ceive, the said Bill, if it pafles, will lessen, or destroy, the Hugh Rosse, Esquire. Privileges of the said Borough; for that the Waters, or

Harbours, of Catwoter and Sutton Pool arc Branches, or A Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by Members, of the Waters of Thamer, where to the Pcti-limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Com- tionershavc the foie Rights of governing and managing, as mons, was (according to Order) read a Second time. aforesaid; and there are several Clauses in the said Bill, A Motion being made, and the Question being put, which otherwise destroy the Rights and Privileges of the

That the Bill be committed j The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

T'"cn for ,l,e Onslow:

T^for.hcN

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

JitS. } 159-

Petitioners, and the said Borough: And praying, that their ancient Rights and Privileges may not be prejudiced, and that the Mayor, Justices, and Aldermen, of Sa/tash, may be made Commissioners with the said other Cominiffiuners, appointed by the Bill.

Ordered, That flic Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all the Gentlemen, that serve for the County of Dorset, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors,

Wilts

Registry.

Col water Harbour.

Lord Gor-

mauftuo’s

fcAiite.

r the Mayor, Aldermen, free Burgvfles, "Hereditament, within the Couni,

items, of her Majesty’, ancient Duchy 01 WV"> " co'n", IIt'd'

A Petition of the poor, distr Debtors,

in the behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more, now under Confinement in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was prefenled to the House, and read; setting Or, W, That Mr. ThmffoSir Rotor, Dovm. Mr. ,h"? though the Parliament has provided against

'rtvanwn. Sir M*.rrfMajor H*m. Mr. W,r,

A Petition of and other Inhabitants,

Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, was pre-iented to the 1 Joule.

Ordered, Tint the said Petition be read upon Morning next.

Debtors

Petition,

Mr. RandyU, Mr. Gale, Mr. Onslow, be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Eftace of Anthony Lord Viscount Gormanflon, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling a Jointure, and a Maintainance,

their effects to their Creditors, yet the Petitioners do remain under the most unhappy Circumstances of any of her Majesty’s Subjects, being unqualified to share the common Advantage of Bankrupts, as not worth the No-

C*twater

Harbour.

for MargorotViltounlcfs Cormaof, on. in lieu of a Rent! ?r," G'n,'Cmcn of,fTaVr 'f:

charge, payable <o her out of the said Vrfcounfs Estate, henui Estate, orbelongrng to one of the Three liberal 6 r 1 Professions, and are in a much worse Condition, than the

distressed Refugees, notwithstanding the Petitioners are such, as, before their Confinement, paid as far as they were able, or are now heartily willing to deliver up their All, without Fraud, in hopes by their Liberty to become ,u». ,h.n n c 1 ra fcmceable to their Country, and retrieve their past Mif«

! , \ t ,;rcrc, vm& Vf P-W ‘Ire Consideration of the House,

marntarorog, tiro Harbour of CwaUr, ly.ng near Ply for lhejr Re|jef Lfbtr, in ,tfa ,imt of Dcartll

"",7 f ZW' "d f"r f f'"8r Scarcity of Bread, that so they may be freed from their

kteping clean, ihe Pool commonly called Su,m Pool, Bond ?

lying m Plymouth aforesaid, comm, tied. OrrW, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

And then the House adjourned till fue/Jay the Relief of insolvent Debtors; and that Mr. Prise, Mr.

is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Puller, Mr. Manley, Mr. Pen-durvis, Mr. Bojeawen, Mr. P, Sir Chomley Deering,

Mr. Shaker ley, Mr. Trey anion, be added to the Com-

Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 31* die Januarii;

Anno 8* Anns Regin*, 1709.

Catwater

harbour.

A

Prayers.

PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, free Burgestes, and other Inhabitants, of her Majesty’s

ancient Duchy Borough of Saltash, in the County of

Cornwall, was (according to Order) read; setting forth, that the said Borough has, for fbme hundred Years, enjoyed a Right and Privilege to the Anchorage, Measurage, and Keelage, of all Ships pad Vessels (except her Majesty’s) as shall anchor, or unlade, in the Water of Thamer, Rodney Bridges, Mr. Morgan, the Lord and

and in all Places within the Liberties thereof; and all Mr. Coventry, do acquaint him therewith.

Vo 1. 16. Ordered,

Jeffries, Mr. Mount ague, and Mr. Lecbmere, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dodo for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday, at St. Margaret's, and that lie be

desired to print the same;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

n- 11 r ..l v fLord Wm. Powlett,

Teller, for the Yea,>Mr

n- 11 c,l xt CSir William Pole,

Teller, for the Noe,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. George

Dr. West thanked*

J124.

Jios.

The Ffoufe interpose to prevent Quarrel.

Limiting Officers in the House.

Call of the

House.

African ' Trade.

Kennet

Navigation.

Retraining

Buildings.

Am way’s Charities.

Liverpoole

Dock.

Rolled

Estate,

288 31° Jantiarii. — 1° Februarii. . 1709.

Ordered, That nft Other Person do presume to print the Lands, equal in Value, to the same Uses, is corn-laid Sermon, but such as the said Dr. West shall appoint, mitted.

The House being informed, that a Quarrel had happened between Mr. MonElon and Mr. Low t her, Members of this House j they were required to give their Honours to the House, not to prosecute the Quarrel any further.

Whereupon they severally, (landing up in their Places, gave their Honours to the House accordingly.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Worthy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Worthy reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made Ibme Amendments, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning j

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

T — for he |*54.

Tellers for the Noes,^"' Gt’ditr- j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

122.

Ordered, That the calling over the Names of such Members, as did not appear, upon the calling over the House, be adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next, at

Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to

Ordered, That the Bill for making the River Rennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, be read a Second time upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That the Bill for restraining the building uponnew Foundations, in the Cities of London and Westminster, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Boyle and Mr. be added to the Gentlemen, who are to bring in the Bill, to enable the present acting Trustees under the Will of 'Thotnas Amway, late of Westminster, Gentleman, de-

ceased, to deliver up to the Governors of the Hospitate of the Green Coals and Grey Coats, in Tot hill Fields, all such Moneys, and Securities, as they have in their Power, Under the said Charity, and to veil: the real and personal Estate, belonging to the fame, in the Governors of the said Hospitals, lor the Benefit of the poor Children therein.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Coke, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Farrington, Sir Cicve Mere, 8if Hitt.Ba Sir Pole, Mr.

Chotnhy, be added to the Committee, to Whom the Bill for making a convenient Dock or Docks at Liverpoole, for the Security of ail Ships, trading to and from the said Port of Liverpoole, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Coventry-, Sir Geo. Byng, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Doibm, Major General Treldwtuy, Mr. Bull, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Heyjhdi Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Ferrier., Mr. Tefkatn, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Pey-

ton, be added to thfc Committee, to whom the Bill to veil in, and enable, Trustees to fell fonfe Out-parts of the Estate, late of Sir John RoFe, Knrght of the Bath, deceased, for the Payment of Debts, Legacies, and younger Children's PcMkWs, hftd for settling trf other 16

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, i° die Februarii;

Anno 8* Anna: Reginae, 1709.

Prayers.

A BILL for repairing the Highways between the Northamp.

House, commonly called the House, in touUoad*.

the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of , and the Town of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir !Vm,

Strickland, Mr. Smith, Mr. Dockminique, Sir IVm. St.

Quint in Lord Lumley, Mr. Ar undell, Mr. Freman, Sir

Walter Yonge, Sir John Aubry, Mr. Duncombe, Mr.

Mr. Pagett, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Mr.

Hampden, Sir Tho. Palmer, Lord , Mr. Annesley,

Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mf. Worthy, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Far-rer, Mr. Booth, Sir Wtn. G of wick, Mr. Campion, Mr.

Guibon-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Bucks,

Northampton, Derby, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Con- Surrey veyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that shall affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surry, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Scawen, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Richmond, Colonel Moreton, Sir Fra.

Masham, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. B, Mr. Lewen, Mr. Dockminique, Lord Powlett, Mr. Evelyn, Mr.

Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Harvey, Sir Parsons, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Diflon, Mr. Ddben, Mi*. Mbriflon, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Gale, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Chomley, Sir Get.

Newland, Mr. Windham, Mr. Nicholas, Ml*. Middleton,

Mr. Poulteny i and all, that fetVe for the Counties of Surrey, Stiffen, Wilts, Kent, Bucks, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do provide. That no Attorney at Law shall be Register.

Ordered, That Mr. George Evelyn have Leave to go Leave of into the County for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Absence* Occifions.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, interested in Button* and the Woollen Manufactures, in the County of Giouceflef, Buttou-h«l« was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that " ms’ the gteateft Quantities of Cloth, made from our own,

Wool, are exported to Turkey; but of late the Merchants, trading thither, are under such Discouragements, by the Abatement oFthe Consumption of raw' Silk, and Mohair Yarn (which are the principal Commodities brought from thence, irl exchange for our doth) that large Parcels of Cloth lie on the Petitioners Hands, whereby the poor Manufacturers are unemployed,' and in a Itarving Condition, and the Customs, and Navigation, lessencjd r- And praying such Assistance from the House, as may conduce to the Advancement of (o national a Trade, as that to Turkey.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

'Ufit'il the Bill for regulating the making of Buttons, and lJutton-holes, be read a Secohd time.

A Petition of the Dyers, Packers, Cloth-workers, Ditto. Hot-pretfers, Cloth-drawers, 4nd others employed in the 'Woollen Manufacture in and about the City of 'London,

Was pTeferited to the House, and read; setting forth, ithac

the

Butt’-'

suLu

t

u

A

8 Ann. "i0 Februarii.

the Petitioners, and Thousands of Poor, employed under them, are like to he brought into great Straits by the Discouragement the TuMerchants lie under, in exporting the Woollen Manufactures of the Kingdom: And praying the House to allilt the national Trade to Turkey, tri such Manner, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Bill for regulating the making of Buttons, and Button-hcles, be read a Second lime.

Button* and A Petition of the Clothiers of several Counties, now Button-holes in London, and others, depending upon the Woollen muling. Manufacture, was prelim ted to the House, and read;

setting forth, that great Quantities of Cloth lie on the Petitioners Hands, by rcalan of the Discouragement the Turkey Merchants arc under, ffom the Abatement of the Consumption of raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, by a late Custom of making Button-hoies of Cloth, Serge, and of her Stuffs, which, honlocvcr little it may appear, if not timely prevented, will very much Jeflen the Exportation of the F.ngfi'ltWoollen Manufacture: And praying, that fucit Encouragement may be given to the Consumption of Mohair Yarn, and raw Silk, as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Bill for the regulating the making of Buttons, and Buitmi-hoics, be read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Rfdvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ward, Sir Tho. llanme, Colonel Mcre/on, Sir Withers, Mr. Ton/fort, Mr. Shaker by. Mr. Booth, Sir Gilbert lie at he ct, Mr. C Mr. D amende, Mr. Bali, Sir Wm.sljhurf}, Mr. Co.it/ivcrth, Mr. Mr.

Tuckfield, Sir ‘Jacob Banks, Mr. Finnan, Mr. Mr. Wyld, Mr. Pagctt, Mr. Norris, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Per non. Sir Rickard AlienMr. Smith, Mi. Mr.

Calthorp, Mr. Papal on, Sir Robert Mr. Cox, Mr.

Lozulher, Mr Pcstot, Mr Sir A j

and all that serve for the Counties of Witts,

Che/ler, lock, Norfolk, and Surry: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petitions, which have been presented to the House, relating to the Matter of the saul Bid, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Second Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A JMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Med/ieott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Cords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Bettelworihs enable Peter Bettesworth, Esquire, and the Trustees in his Mate. Marriage Settlement, to fell certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Southampton and Su/Jex, for Payment of his Debt1;, and to settle another Elfatc, of greater yearly Value, for the better Provision for his Family; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hading* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the elcCfing a Com-baron to feive in thisprdent Parliament for the Port of 11aftings, in the room of Wm.

Ashburr.ham, Esquire, now Lord called to

the House of Lords.

The House being informed, That there is not any i.edwithie Return vet made of the late Election for the Borough Return, of Leflwithiel, in the County of Cornwall-,

The Statute of to® and it® IVillielmi Regis, Cap. 7*

For preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in making the Returns of Members, cholen to I'erve in Parliament, was read.

And the Sheriff, or his Deputy, not attending (as ordered the 28th of January lasty to give any Account, why the Return is not made;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question was pu%That the Debate be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

And it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, or h:s Deputy, do attend this House upon this Day Fortn-ght, to give an Account, why the Return is not yet made for the Borough of Lejlwithiel, in the said County.

Limiting Mr. Worthy (according to Order) reported from the

Oilirurs in ' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the House. securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number ol Officers in the House of Commons, was committed, the Amendments they had nude to the Bill, which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Tanle; where the First Amendment was read a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House. And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The Second Amendment, made to the Bill, was read a Second time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made therein, viz.after " Jc bene gejferint" to insert, " such " Officers having the fam^r Estate or Interest in the Salaries, or Pensions, paid in respect of such Offices, v as they have in the Offices themselves}"

And the Question being put. That those Words be added to the said Amendment j The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

a- , r , \r CSir Wm. Strickland, )

Tellers for the Uas, \

_ ,. e ... f Mr. Wentworth,

Tellers for the Noes,> Mr F(m j aoo.

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 16.

t

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wav* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to M6*11* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And the House being informed, that the Commissioners' of the Customswere ready to attend the said Committee, as the House had directed;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve ilself into a Committee of the whole House, to confiuer lurther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do then attend the said Committee, as they were to have done this Day.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldertnen, Burgesses, and Berks other chief Inhabitants, of the Borough of Newbery, Registry. was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read Tomorrow '

Morning.

Ordered, That all the Gentlemen, that serve for the wilts Counties of Surrey and Huntingdon, be added to the Reijiftry. Committee, to whom the Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incum-‘brhnces, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Wilts, is committed.

Ordered, That all the Members, that serve for the Berks County of Southampton, be added to the Committee, to Registry* whom the Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds,

4 D Conveyances,

Livirpoole

AYaterwoik*

Pebtors

Petitions*

Publio A1 (turnings.

29a

2° Februarii.

A* 1709.

his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the'Clerk’s* Table.;. where the same were read, and are as follow; That, upon the Petition of the Mercers of the Cities of London and,

It appeared to the Committee, upon Examination of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Matters, alleged, and' complained of, in the fakf

Conveyances, and othes Incumbrances, that shall be made cf, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within, the County of Berks, is committed.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

jfovis, 2* die Februarii.;

Anno 8*'A.nnae Reginse, 1709,.

P RAv^as,

AP'ET IT I ON- of- Sir Qleave More-, Baronet,- and the- Mayor, Bailiffs,- and Burgesses, on behalf of" themselves, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of Leverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaftkr, was presented to the House, and readfetting forth, that the said Borough lying near-the Sea, the-Springs thereabouts are- brack-ifh, and fresh Water- very much wanted; to supply- which, the Petitioners in 1695 entered into an Agreement with one JohmGreen, and others, for supplying the -Town with fresh Water, exclusive of-all others: That Green, &c. have not made one- Step therein, nor is any Prospect they should, to the great Inconvenience of the Petitioners: That there are fresh Springs at Bootle, about Three MHes from Liver poole, within the Lands of Sir Cleave More, the Petitioner, who proposes to bring fresh-Water-to the Town, on reasonable Tfcrms: And., praying, that Leave may be given to bringin a Bill to set afidea former Agreement, made to the said Grant, and others, and to enable the said 'Petitioners to make a new Agreement with the Petitioner Sir Cleave to bring fresh*-Water from the Springs at Bootle to the Town of Leverpoole, for the Use of the-Inhabitants, and Ships there trading,- upon reasonable Terms.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according^© the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Robert Eden, Sir Eho. Johttfon, and Mr1. Norris, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Petition, that, at the Death of the Pririce of Denmark, the- Valucof coloured Silk Goods' in the Meicers Hands* within the Bills of Mortality, by a moderate Compute*' t ion amounted'to the Valuoof ,£.350,000, and upwards, the greatest Part of which lie dead upon their Hands to: this Day; besides coloured'Stuffs, made of English-Wool,-computed to ^.100,000, and other the like'Goods in the several Towns in the Chuntry,.of which no Computation-can be-made; whereby they are: in a great mvafiire rendered, incapabletof giving Encouragement for employing-the Manufacturers for the future.

That, upon the Petition'd the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants;, of the City of , as-allt>j

upon-the Petition of the-Company of SiUc Weavers, of the said: City,-It appeared to the; Committee, that there-was' paid* for Labour only, to the Weavers of that City, and their: Dependents, .£<.35,000. per' Ainv.m*,but is now-reduced to 5,000, by reason of this present and other publick Mournings; to the great Inrpoverishment of that City. That, upon the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, and Assistints, of the Company ot Wearers, London,

It appeared. to the Committee',. that- the We.lrePs,'* employed Avithin the Bills--of Mortality, and 'their De- pendents, were at Jeaft-100,000; - which Trade1 employ V Men*, Women* and Children,-from the Age of S'-x-Vcart, and upwards; of which great Numbers are-out of* Employment, and are-become an infuppoFtable B-lirthefr'1 to the Parishes where they dwell; and others,- having (old* most they >have, for their-S'ubfiilence, are how forced toJ beg their Bread.

And in the Counties of Essex, Suffolk,

Hertford, Bedford,:Northampton, and York, where many ’ Thousands -of People have been employed in combing-! and spinning of Yarn for the Woollen Manufactures, the Price of-Labour, by reason of this present Mourning, is. reduced about one Fourth Part, and many of then! 1

Company of Dyers,

A Petition.of the,.poor, infqlvent Debtors, now and for several Y?ar$ past, in the-Sheriff's Prifan of Devon,

was presented to the House, and read ;set ting, forth; wholly turned out of Work.' that the Petitioners are in a starving Condition, their Upon the Petition of the Creditors Baying their AH, and no Allowance -from the London:

Gap); andtho.ugbanAdf of Grace passed the IaftSefikfo, That,: by reason of the long-Continuance of publick*' purely for tfc^c Relief of; her- Majesty’s poorer Sort of Sub* - Mournings, theicoloured Silk-dyers Ttede :is mUch je€ts; but the Execution of that AAchicApbeing- in -thee duniei(hcd, and themselves, and Dependents, deprived* Up4er'&ettff». n®t ;Gpe poor Prisoner- could have the of a considerable Part of- their Employment, having hot' Bepe/U ofit, without, pay-ipg^heir Demands;: which was*) above one» Half of the-Journeymen: now 'employed, as' more than Forty of them could, raise-:- And praying the -.', they had before the present -Mou-rning; whereby 'many 1 speedy ynd qharitylderReliefof the Hpufein the.Piemtfes, indtfftrious Families are; now reduced to -the =uthioft 1 they ^e4BgNi(ipty-j(ix,m NjuiuJaer, arid-weekly increasing.- Want and Misery;«

Ordered?, Tljat the said, Petition do, lie-upon the-Table/ That* upon the -Petition of the -Silk- ThtowCrS’ of

until the Bill for the Relief.of infoJLvent Debtorsfhailb<u<- London,.

brpqgljt iiyand featj.. Ittappeared to the Committeeptbatkbe-ThFO'.vetsi who, J

' A,f$tjti, oo,of several Prisoners for Dfcbfc, :in hen:Ma>. emplpy - Seamens iWives.-W-idows; - Children, and many* jetty’s Gaol in the County of Essex, was.presented.ta other Poor People, amounting Ro many-ThOufehdsy‘are the House, and read; setting forth, that by reason of very great Sufferers by long publick-MburhifigsA Loffos, and other Accidents; the Petitioners are become That the' UTimfayoand-It a'tin- Tradetsf-who are' -the unable to pay their Debts, -and are without Hopes of ever -great Exporters of our Woollen Manufactures* wifi be a obtaining their Liberty by theipCreditors-Conceflibh.: obliged taleffen:their Exportation: proportionable to t-he And praying, -that-an Enlargement-may be-granted to.. D«eay of the iConfutnption-of-tawSiric.'-them, in such manner, as the House shall think fit.' Thabit appeased-, the Boho*]ace-mak(-r«,' whberrtplby

Ortde^d, Jhat the fpidPqtjtion do lie upon thd.Tihlb, gr^at-Numbers'of; Peoples to work- in thfet-Trecte^are uruiljthe BilVfor the R^ljeJf.of.infolYenc, Debtors (halAibe. j totally deprived'af their.Livelihood,' and rcd&ted fogreift " brought'im.^ryd,r.ead., Pavtrty,>by jeafomof the publick Mburning.'

All which Matters afosefiskhWere fully mcJdfel 'appear Mr. MseM/cot reported, from the.Committee, to whom,1 to the Committee by several Merchants, -and-most coii-the Co^ff^crat jpn. of , t he. Pet i tion; oL several Mercers ami siderable Traders in the Silk and Woolfen-IVfahdtkcfturfei; the City of London,#nd Liberty of Westpinftepr in the-,who did affirm,*tha'trthe*'Mercers,( Weavers,- Dyers,

behalf of themselves, and the rest of that Trade, and Throwfters, and their-mumeraa6 Dependents, are dif-several other.., Pct|tions,. were referred,;rfhe, Matt«%-as.ik couraged,<and totally<difubltdLorrt employing the Poor, ap^arejd,t9,tjipH)>.an4.the jReiblutionaof the.Gotntuittee'jand tarrying on their respfiAivte-Trades; which, if not thercup9nj. whiefcfiqpprt, ^nd. ReliduUOBS;. ^eKtRadin *(peedily relieved, will endanger♦hei'LoftJcrf’ithe ‘Silk ;Ma*-

niifwfKire,

: *fll

.an.

Info]vf»t

Dtbttrt.

Perfcs

IU^iiiry.

Ditto.

8 Ann-.

2° Febnta

291

his Marriage Settlement, to fell certain Lands and Hereditaments, in t l?c Counties of and Sujex, for

Payment, of1 his Debts, and toi settle another. Estate,. of greater Vjdne,. for the better Provision for his Family, was read the First time. ( ,

Re/otved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the poor distressed Printers, and Book-

nufadure, so beneficial to this Kingdom, and may at last center in a foicign 1 ride.

.And that, upon the Whole Matter, the Committee came to these Ifcsolutions; viz.

Reroked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That^ by reason of the frequent publick Mournings, ninny Thoufan-ls of Families, employed in the Silk and VFooIIcii Manuf.tdures of this Kingdom, have lost their Trades and Employments, and are become an infup- binders, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the farne portable Burthen to the Parishes, wherein they inhabit ;Trades, in anJ about the Cities of London and and, if a speedy Remedy be not applied, it will endanger was presented to the House, and read; setting

the L< fs of the Siik Manufacture, lo beneficial to this forth, tlpit Flic Petitioners, having served Seven Years J^ingd ’m, and at Jail center in a foreign Trade. Apprenticed] ip, hoped to havegotten a comfort..ble Live-

v/. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, liliood by their Trades, who are in Number at least 5,000; That the House be moved for Leave to bring.in a Bill but by the Liberty, lately taken, of some few Penons for ascertaining, and limiting, the Time of publick printing' Books, to which they have no Right to the Mournings. Copies, is fuciia Discouragement to thebookielnngTrade,

Ci dead, Tli3t Leave be given to bring in a Bill for that no Person can proceed to print any B >ok, without au'trtai.iing, and limiting, the Time of publick Mourn- considerable Loss, and consequently the Petitioners can-iiigs; and that Mr. Mediitot, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Sir -

IVm. Ashv.'Jl, Sir Wm. Withers, Colonel AJoreton, Sir

Gilbert Heathcct, Mr. Hard, Mr. Watson, and Mr.

D Altli, do prepare, and biing in, the Bill.

Copy Right 0 f Book*.

not be employed; by which means the Petitioners arc reduced to very great Poverty and Want: And praying, that their deplorable same may be effectually rarefied, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

That the Petition do lie upon the Table, Ordered, That Mr. Francis Windham be added to the until the Bill for Encouragement of Learning, and for Gentl.emen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill securing the Property of Copies of Books to the right ibr the Relief of insolvcht Debtors. Owners thereof, shall be read a Second time.

,: , That the Bill be read a Second time upon

A' Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burge lies, Saturday Morning next, and other chief Inhabitants, of the Borough of Few-

RettfwortlA

ber\\ in the County of Herbs, w.is to Order}

r^nd; fdttin^ forth, tlu;t by lhcC!uir:cr oi Ii.o ipcrarion of the said aMVwnC\;k

keeps the Hcco ds ct the l:dd 1) r-i: l;ealc$, nude by the Co-pnation, r.; w Pfac'e* let ap.irt for that Porp- tc: Ar.d prayng, thar, ir

is appointed", who ii, and rollers all hath a convenient

Brrkl

Re^iltry,

n nv in t

( 4

Convey

,e House. for the publick regifiter-inces, or oti:cr Incumbrances, that' Manors, Lands, Tenements, id County of Beris, do pats.

Seven-oak*

Road*.

A Petition of several Freeholders of the County , of

Berks was presented to the House, and read; letting’ forth, that. , *. . .

Ordered, That the Confident ion of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Coun-iel before the Committee thereupon, if they think fit.

\ f Order etd, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the repairing and amending the Highways, leading from

Seven-oaks to fVcsJ/gafe and Tonbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, is committed, do report the Matter of

Fad, a? it appears to them, upon the several Petitions

to them referred.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the securing the Limiting Fr^cdorp of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in Officers In the House of Commons, be read the Third d»« W°ule* time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Inflrudion to the Committee, wilts to whom the Bi.i for the publick registering of all Con-, Regifiry. veyances, Wills, or other Incumbrances, that Dull bat made ot, orr that may affect, any Honours, Manors,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament?, within the County; of mits, was committed, that they do provide, that no

Attorney at Law (half be Register.

\ ' l; \ I V ' , i **-'*

Ordered, Tna^ the Repdrt from the Committee, to Prevention wfiom (he |fill for the better preventing ofexcessive and «f Gaming-immoderate Gamipg, ^as committed, be received upon

A Person in

uritody to be examined as

case the Bi ing alPDccd

may aflld any Honours, or 1 lercditanier.ts, in the 1

Iodic Pr,vifio:i be therein ira ’c. 'fur the regtlterit g the Deeds and Conveyances of Iluuics and Lands within the said Borough by tluir'l'i-wn Clerk, in like manner, as the Regiller for the said County shall be dirtdul.

Ordered, That the Consider.ttion of the said Petition be refer red( to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. , ....

A Petition of the M^ynr, Burgesses, and Commonalty,

and other th.e chief Inhabitants, of i Wa(lineJord, in the

C.ounty of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; fcttir.’g forth, that by the Charter of the said Borough a Town Clerk is appointed, who enters, keeps, and registers,’all the llecords and Lcaies of the said Borough, and bath a large House for that Purpos'e: And praying, if the Bill for the publick regillyring of all Deeds., and Incumbrances,'’relating to any Hpnours, Manors Lands, of Tenements, within the Coupty of Berks, should pals, that Provision may be made therein, that flpne be obliged to go.6^ of the said Borough, for registering any Deeds ort.lniTrqments of Houses or Lands' within the said

Boroyghl ., . , . , ... . cr: \>*"*' ' '7 :r r

Orp{J, That the Conilcicration of the k\ijP^ltlo, be Tuej{V

referred to jthe Committee, to 'whom the said Bill is Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom SachevenlT* committed. the Answer of Doctor Henry Sacheyerell was referred, to i"Pe«h‘utQt-

, , . , consider of the said Answer, and report their Opinion,

The'Houfr'beii’ig informed, that 1Mr. Griffith Party,[ what is most proper to be done, towards the further in the Custocly of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Proceedings thereon j that they-had coiifLJered the fame,.

Hgufc, is a /naterial, Witnef? itj the Caufir, Touching the and that they do find, there are contained therein many Ele<5lfon‘for the Borough of Beapinaris, which, is I a be _ Things, not warranted by t he. course of Proceedings upon heard by the Committee of Privileges and Elections Impeachments, foreign to the Charge, unbecoming a Per-Tct-mprrow in the ’Affernoon; ‘ son impeached, and plainly designed to refled on the Ho-

Grdtrcd, Tl;# the Serjeant' at'Arms'do bring the faicT nour of the House: And do humbly submit to the-Judg-Mf. Griffith Parry,'to be exhtAiried as a Witness at the ment of the House their Opinion, that, for ^voiding any said Committee. Imputation of Dejay to the Commons, in same of so

..... grfeat Importance, a Replfcaflpn be forthwith lent up to

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act the Lorcls, maintaining the Charge' of the Commons; to enable Peter Bettjiverth, Esquire, and the Trustees in and the Committee have accordingly prepared the fame,

Yot. 16. which

2^2 2° — 3 0 FebruarA. 1709.

Saclieverell s which they had directed him to report to the House: tuipcachuiciit. And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and the Replication is as followeth:

THE Commons have considered the Answer of Henry Sacheverell, Doctor in Divinity, to the Articles of Impeachment, exhibited against him by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled; and observe, that there are many things in it, not warranted by the Course of Proceedings upon Impeachments, foreign to the Charge of the Commons, unbecoming a Person impeached, and plainly designed to reflect upon the Honour of the House of Commons in this Proceeding; for which they might demand your Lordships immediate Justice.

But the Commons being sensible, that the Nature of the Crimes, whereof he Bands impeached, and the Ne-eeffity of bringing him to a speedy and exemplary Puni foment, require, that all Occasions of Delay should be avoided; and not doubting, that your Lordships will, in due Time, vindicate the Honour of the Commons, and the Justice of their Proceedings;

The Commons do aver their Charge against the said Henry Sacheverell, for high Crimes and Misdemeanors, to be true; and that the said Henry Saebeverel is guilty in such Manner, as he Hands impeached; and that the Commons will be ready to prove their Charge against him at such convenient Time, as shall be appointed lor that Purpose.

The Replication being read a Second time;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Replication be the Replication of the 'Commons to the Answer of Dr. Henry Sacheverell;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,^182.

Tellers for the Nob,j S8'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Replication be ingrossed.

f. 1,700 per Annum, and by his Will deviled 1,300 a Year of his Estate, and about £.430 per Annum in Re-verlion, after his Wife’s Death, to Trustees, in Trust, for his Son 7 ‘ho.for Life, and to his Issue, in Tail Male, Re-

mainder to the Petitioner, his Nephew, and his Ifl’ue, in Tail Male, with other Remainders to his Nephews,

cis, Tho. and Hobbs, Weeks, Remainder to his own right Heirs with a Power to his Son, to make a Jointure upon any Wife, and Provision for younger Children: That the Son, is dead, without Ilfue; and the Estate is come to the Petitioner, who is married to a Wife, of above ,£.4,000 Fortune; and the Petitioner hath no Son, and is delirous to make his Wife a Jointure of >£.400 per Annum, to which the Relidl of Dr. Hobbs, and also his Daughter and Heir general, and the Remainder-men, are consenting; but the Petitioner is not impowered by the said Will to make a Jointure, as the Doctor’s Son was; which is conceived as only a Mistake, or Omission out of the Will: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Trustees to make a Jointure upon the Petitioner’s Wife.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Lord William Powlett, Mr. Jervoise, and Sir John Hawles, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of divers Persons,. inhabiting within the Borlj Counties of Gloucester and Hereford, was presented to the Turnpik*. House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act 90 & 10° Willtelmi III. for repairing the Highways of Bir/ipp, and the Top of Cricley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Gloucester City, a Turnpike was credted, and a 'l oll granted, which has been paid, and great Sums of Money thereby yearly raised, which ought to have been applied to repair the said Highways; but the same remain in a ruinous and almost impalpable Condition, to the great Grievance of the Petitioners, and all others passing that Way: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for regulating the Abuse of a Turnpike, erected on the Highways between Birlipp and be brought in.

African The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Trade. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Wm. Powlett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Wm. Powlett reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Cooper’* Ordered, That Sir Wm. Mr. Medlicot, Mr.

kitate. Annejly, Sir Wm.Hufller, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. D Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Peyton, Mr. Thornhagb, Mr. Manley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Joseph Cooper, Gentleman, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 30 die Februarii;

Art ingrossed Bill for veiling the Estate of Ber- Berrie’s

rie, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for dif- EUai*.

charging several Mortgages thereupon, and other his Debts, which his personal Estate will not extend to pay, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally propoted to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 4. L. 17. After " Estate and" leave out " afterterwards."

L. 18. After "to the" leave out "said;" and after " of her" leave out " said."

L. 20. After " Assigns" insert afterwards."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill' amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for vesting the Estate of Thomas Berrie, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Mortgages thereupon, and other his Debts, which his personal Estate will not extend to pay, and for laying out the surplus Money for the Benefit of hb Widow, and Heir at Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Mervin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will not enter upon any Private private Business after Twelve a Clock. Bufwei*.

Anno 8° Annse Reginas, 1709. Prayers.

Weeks’ A PETITION of Abrabam Weeks, Esquire, was pre-Jointure. j\_ fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Doctor Thomas Hobbs was seised of an Estate, of about

The ingrossed Replication of the Commons to the SachevereU'* Answer of Doctor Henry Sacheverell, was read. impeacbmcat

Ordered, That the said Replication be lent to the

Lords.

Ordered, That the original Answer be returned to the

Lords.

Ordered,

I*;

ii

_I

4

8 Ann. 30 — 40 Februarii. 293

Southw-IT*

F.unKr.

Viji mi M«aor.

CoounittMi

Ordered That Mr. Oolben do carry the original Answer of Dr. Henry Sacheverel, and the Replication thereunto, to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to make several Trusts in the Marriage Settlements of Edward Southwell, Esquire, and the Lady E/iz. his late

Wife, more effectual, to answer the Intent of them, and to explain several Powers therein; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved'itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had dir cited him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Farrer also acquainted the House, that be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved \That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

bfe referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed!

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make several Trusts in the Marriage Settlements of Edward Southwell, Esquire, and the Lady Eliz. his late Wife, more effectual, to answer the Intent of them/ and to explain several Powers therein, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Dolben (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the better Preservation, and Improvement, of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for the Regulation and Government of the Company of Fishermen of the said River; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next.

A Complaint being made to the House, that one Woodhouse, a Sheriff’s Bailiff of the County of York, with Two others, by Order of Mr.

Under Sheriff of the said County, and one John Lund, have, in Breach of the Privilege of this Houfp, malici-ouflyattempted to seize upon the Goods, anddisturbthe quiet Possession, of William Lowther,

Esquire (a Member of this House) upon a Process, pretended to be issued out of the Exchequer, although the said Mr. Lowther, upon the said Mr. Pickering's demanding the Money, mentioned in the said Process, assured him, that he was not the Person, that owed the Money, mentioned therein;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Southwell's

Estate.

Thames

FiQiety.

Privilge.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Nine a Clock*

Sabbati, 40 Februarii;

Anno 8* Annas Reginsr, 1709.

Praters.

kigby*, tee. f\RDERED, That the Report from the Committee,

Jhtttu. to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing the Partition, made between Edward Rigby, Gentleman, the honourable Charles Egerton, Esquire, the honourable Eliz. his Wife, and others, of several Manors and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, heretofore the Estate of the Right honourable A, late Countess of Oxford, deceased, and to enable Margaret, Anne, and Catherine, Lennard. Infants, to make Partition of other Lands and Tenements in the said County, and in the County of Hertford, and in London, other Part of the said Countess of Oxford's Estate, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

TVrks A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and others,

Begiflry. the chief Inhabitants of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by their Charter of Incorporation their Town Clerk keeps and enters the Records of the said B6-rough, and registers all their Leases, and has a convenient House for that Purpose, or any other of the like Nature: And praying, that, in case the Bill, now depending in the House, for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, of dny Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the County of Berks, should pals, some Provision be made, that the Deeds and Conveyances of Houses and Lands, lying within the said Borough, may be registered by their Town Clerk, and that they may not be obliged to go to the County Register. '

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Vox. 16.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, Sachmreift that their Lordships have appointed Thursday next, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, for the Trial of Henry Sacheverel, Doctor of Divinity, at the Bar of their House; and that their Lordships will take Care, that there lb at I be Conveniencies made there for the Managers of this House at the Trial, upon the Impeachment against him.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with I the Mace into Westminster-hall, and Courts there, and Court of Request, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

Resolved, That Managers be appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Doctor Henry -eheverel.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up the said Articles, be the said Managers.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That this House wiH be present at the Trial of the Impeachment against Doctor Henry Sacheverel, as a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,[£Jj; }«»*.

Tellers for the Noes,^; ] 180.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them with the said Resolutiorij and to desire, that a convenient Accommodation may be prepared for them.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do cany the said Message to the Lords.

4 E The

*94

The Orders of the I?av being read;

Restraining Ordered, That the Bill for restraining the building Buildings, upon new Foundations, in the Cities of London and Westminster, be wad a Second time upon Lhurfday Morning oejet.

Limiting An ingrossed Bill for securing the Freedom of Parlia-Officer* m m^te, by limiting the number of Officers in the House ou e* of Commons, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed CUufe was offered, as a Ryder, to the Bill, For excepting several Officers in Scotland.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to the Bill, For qualifying any Person to be a Member of Parliament, having a real Estate of per Annum,

though he had an Office.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tclkr. for the Yeu,} {£;

So is was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be. An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Ordered \That Mr. Wort ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

V

Copy Right Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement of of Books. Learning, and for securing the Property of Copies to the rightful Owners thereof, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunee, 6° die Februarii

Anno 8° Aon* Regin*, 1709.

Prayers.

Rigby’i, See. rT', HE Lord William Powlett (according to Order) Rflat*. X reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing the Partition, made between Edward Rigby, Gentleman, the honourable Charles Eger ton, Esquire, the honourable Eliz. his Wife, and others, of several Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Essex, heretofore the Estate of the Right hor oourable Anne, late Countess of Oxford, deceased; and to enable Margaret, Anne, and Katherine, Leonard, Infant^ to make Partition of other Lands and Tenements in the said County, and in the County of Hertford, and in London, other Part of the said Countess of Oxford's Estate, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he mad the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, t and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

18

A. 1709.

Mr. Fairer reported from the Committee, to whom Northamp. the Bill for repairing the Highways between the House, Wn Ko«<b. commonly called the Horse-shoe House, in the Parjlh of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s,

Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Medlicot reported from the Committee, to whom Barber* and the Consideration of the Petition of the Mailers or Go- Surgeon; vernors, Assistants, Liverymen, and Freemen, of the c<MupiUiy’ Mistery and Commonalty of Barbers and Surgeons of London, and also of the Peruke-makers, inhabiting within Seven Miles of the said City, was referred; that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and areas follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, that Leave be given for bringing in a Bill whereby such Persons, who exercise the Art of Peruke-making, as well within, as without, the Liberties of the City of London, and allb within such Distance, as this House shall think lit, may be incorporated with the Mailers or Governors of the Mistery or Commonalty of Barbers and Surgeons of , under such;

Limitations for the better regulating the said Mistery and Commonalty, and the Art of Pieruke-making, as by this House shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Peruke-makers with the Mailer and Governors of the Mistery or Commonalty of Barbers and Surgeons of London; and that Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. Hungerford, and Mr. Annesley, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom Buttons wxt the Bill for the regulating the making of Buttons, and Button-bolts Button-holes, was committed; that they had made some making' Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him -to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For making it a publick Act.

Ana the same was twice read, and, upon the Question

?ut thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made ’art of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the; Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Samuel Garrard (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill to regulate the Price and Assize of Ure

Bread; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oxford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for rW’ the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford, in the room of Sir Robert Jenkinson, Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Medlicot (according to Order) presented to the Public House, a Bill for ascertaining, and limiting, the Time of Mourning*.

future

40 — 6° Februarii.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 197. That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of

the said Petition.

*75*

b

Ctv

file

Utii

U'i&

frfWl

\jc\

Pi;*

v»

u.![

1

J

8 ANtf.

6° Febritdrii.

'> r:

5.

it

295

Public

Revenues.

Public Fundi.

5. Rtfolvtdt That it is the Opinion of this'Committee, That for all Verjuice, made for Sale, for every Hoglhegd (to be paid by the Maker thereof) and so proportionally, for a greater or lesser Quantity, Five Pence.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

F

s

Fhitv on Cloth e.v ported*

Vkfhmling

future publick Mournings; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bril be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, An Account of the Receipts, and Issues, of the r " ‘"‘m P!iTu‘

publick Revenue, f.oa, Michaclmat, ,7o*. .0 *H~

' 7 every Gallon, One Peny.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do Jay before this 7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, House, An Account of what publick Funds are now in That for and upon every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar , being, and how far they are incumbered, and distinguish, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall be brewed " L~* ' J or made of any English or foreign Materials, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, for Sale, and in Proportion

Ways and Mean#.

ex-

for a greater or leflerQuantity (to be paid by the Maker thereof) Nine Pence.

8. Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for every Gallon of-strong Waters, or Aqua Vitae,

Pitto.

Public

Accounts.

w

-1

what are, or are not, appropriated

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, An Account of what the Duties of Five Shillings per Cloth, upon all white Cloths ported, has produced since the charging the fame.

Mr. Vincent (from the Commissioners for vidualing made for Sale (to be paid by the Maker thereof) One Li*d Force*, her Majesty’s Navy) presented to the House, An Account Peny.

of the Colls of Provisions, and Charges attending the 9- Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Corn-fame, which have been furnished by the Commissioners, mittee. That for every Gallon of Spirits, made in Great for vidualing her Majesty’s Navy, for Land Forces, Britain of any Kind of Wine, or Cyder, imported, Two from the 8th of March, 1701 (the Time of her Majesty s Pence.

Accession to the Crown) to the 30th of September, 1709. to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And the Title of the said Account was read. That the said new Duties upon exciseable Liquors be

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, granted for the Term of Thirty-two Years, to commence to be perused by the Members of the House. from Lady-day, 1710.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers t- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; of this Session. That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, a new

Duty be laid upon all Pepper, imported into Great Bri-Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this to*, to be paid by the Importers thereof.

Houfo, An Account of what Deductions have been made 1 a. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, out of the Pay of the Land Forces, for the Provisions That the said Duty be is. 6d. per Pound Weight, ovdr furnished to them, when on Ship-board, for foreign and above all other Duties now payable upon Pepper. Services in Spain and Portugal, or elsewhere, since her 13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesty s Accession to the Throne. That the said Duty upon Pepper be granted for the Term

of Thirty-two Years, to commence from this Day. Ordered, That the Auditors of the Imprels do Jay 14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, before this House, An Account of what publick Accounts That, towards the Supply grantoi to her Majesty, a new have been passed since her Majesty’s Accession to the Duty be laid upon all Raisins, imported into Great Bri-Crown, and what now lie before them, in order to be hmr, to be paid by the Importers thereof, pafleef. 1 S' That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty upon Raisins be Five Shillings per Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee of the whole Hundred Weight, over and above all other Duties now House, to whom it was referred to consider further of payable upon the lame.

Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report That the said Duty upon Raisins be granted for the Term to the House; which he read in his Place, and after- of 3a Years, to commence from this Day. wards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the 17- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, same were read, and are as follow; viz. That the present Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace,

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Nutmegs, be doubled for the like Term of 32 Years, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, new to commence from this Day.

Duties of Excise be laid upon all exciseable Liquors in 18. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Great Britain, oner and above all other Duties now pay* That a clear yearly Fund, of £. 90,000 be charged upon, able for the fame. and made payable out of, the said new Duties of Excise,

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and upon Pepper, Raisins, and Spices, for the Term of That the said new Duties be, for every Barrel of Beer or 32 Years, from Michaelmas, 1710, to rtife Money for Ale, above 6 s. the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties of the Service of the Year 1710.

Excise) brewed by the common Brewer, or any other 19. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-Person or Persons,'who doth or shall fell, or tap out, mittee. That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Beer or Ale, publickly or privately (to be paid by the Majesty, a Duty be laid upon all Candles, of what kind common Biewer, or by such other Person or Persons re* soever, to be made in Great Britain, or imported into foe&ively) and lb propor'onaily for a greater or leflef the fame.

Quantity, Three Pence. 20. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be after the Rata of Four Pence/er

That for every Barrel of Six Shilling Beer or Ale, or Pound Weight for all Candles, made of Wax, or usually under, brewed by the common Brewer, or any other called, or fold for, Wax Candles, and after the Rate of Person or Persons, who doth or shall fell, or tap out, one Half-peny per Pound for all Candles of Tallow, or Beer or Ale, publickly or privately (to be paid by the other Candles whatsoever, to be paid by the Makers, ot common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons re- Importers, of the said Candles respectively, spectively, as aforesaid) and so proportionally fora greater 21. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-or lesser Quantity, One Peny. mittee, That the said Duties upon all Candles, after the

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, several Rates aforesaid, be granted for the Term of five That for all Cyder and Perry, made and sold by Retail, Years.

upon every Hogshead (to be paid by the Retailer 22. Resolved, That is is the Opinion of this Committee, thereof) and so proportionally for a greater or lesser That all Wax Chandlers, Tallow Chandlers, and other Measure, Five Pence. Sellers and Dealers in Candles, do pay the like respeCfcive

Vol. 16. Rates,

Ways And Means.

6° Februarii. 1709.

tv'ays -Rates, as aforesaid, for all such Candles, as they, or any nd Means. persons jn Trust for them, or for their Uses, severally now have in their Hands, for Sale.

23. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Duty be laid upon all Money, to be paidor given with Apprentices, or Servants, to learn any Profession, Trade, or Employment, in Great ,except such Apprentices, or Servants, as shall be put or placed out at the Charge of any Parish, or Township, or by any publick Charity.

24th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee.That the said Duty be Six Pence in the Pound for every Sum of Fifty Pounds, or under, and One Shilling in the Pound for every Sum, exceeding £. 50 so given or paid, to be paid by the Master or Mistress.

25th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties, last mentioned, be granted for the Term of Five Years.

The First and Second of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 3d Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after " privately" to leave out " to," and, instead thereof, to insert " there."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That for every Barrel of Six Shillings Beer or Ale, or under, brewed by the common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons, who doth or shall fell, or tap out, Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, there be paid by the common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively, as aforesaid, and so proportionally for a greater or letter Quantity, One Peny.

The 4th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after "Hogshead" to leave out to," and instead thereof, to insert " there."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That for all Cyder, and Perry, made and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead there be paid by the Retailer thereof, and so proportionally fora greater or letter Quantity, Five Pence.

The 5 th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after " Sale" to insert " there be charged."

And the same was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That for all Verjuice, made for Sale, there be charged for every Hogshead (to be paid by the Maker thereof) and so proportionally fora greater or letter Quantity, Five Pence.

The 6th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after " otherwise" to leave out " to," and, instead thereof, to insert " there."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That for all Metheglin, or Mead, fold, whether by Retail, or otherwise, there be paid by the Maker thereof, upon every Gallon One Peny.

The 7th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after "Quantity" to leave out "to," apd, instead thereof, to insert " there."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That for and

upon every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall be brewed or made of any English or foreign Materials, by any Person or Persons whatsoever. for Sale, and so in Proportion for a greater or letter Quantity, there be paid by the Maker thereof, Nine Pence.

The 8th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after "Sale" to leave out "to," and, instead thereof, to insert "there."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 9th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after " imported" to insert "there be charged."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That for every Gallon of Spirits, made in Great Britain, of any Kind of Wine, or Cyder, imported, there be charged Two Pence.

The 10th, nth, 12th, 13th, and 14th, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The x 5th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Five Shillings," and inserting "2/. 6 instead thereof.

And the-Question being put, That "5/." (land Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 16th, 17th, and 18th, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 19th Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Duty be laid upon all Candles, of what Kind soever, to be made in Great Britain, or imported into the feme;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the gg*"* } »j.

Tellers for the } 8e.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon

the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Lowndes, Sir David Dalrymple, and Sir Patrick do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery, and Mr.

Hie cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, Sacheverdl’* that their Lordships have ordered the Lords with white Staves humbly to move her Majesty from their House,

That (he will be pleased to give Order, fora Place to be prepared in Westminster-hall, for their Lordships to pro-

ceed upon the Trial of Henry Sachevtrel, Doctor in Divinity, who now (lands impeached before their House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Punifoing punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mutters, and Mutiny and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and ®«f*rt, on' that Mr. Walpole, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered,

Bctf®1

theU

ftfcei

Itm

it fa

Wr

tacit

1

:kfio I iu

W

lii

ii

V,

8 Ann.

6* — 70 — 8°

*97

Jtccnriting the Lund force*.

Bemrting ibc force*.

Ordered, Hat Leave be givtfh to bring in a Bill to A Bill for ascertainirtg and limiting, the Time for

continue the Act for the recruiting her Majesty’s Land future publick Mournings, was read a Second time. Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1710; Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mur dm, and that Mr. Walpole, General Stanhope, Mr. Attorney Mr. Mr. Secretary Boyle, Lord Mr.

General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and Bell, Mr. Sir Richard Farrington, Mr Grey, Mr.

bring in, the Bill. Fox, Sir Edw. Lawrence, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Guise, Mr.

Refotved, That an humble AddreG be pcefented to her Chambers, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Coatsworth, Majesty, that (he will plea6; to give Directions to the Mr. Jervoift, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Hampden, Mr. proper Officers, that an Account be laid before this Mr. Cecil, Mr. Momptfbn, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Foley, House, of what Number of Men have been raised by Lord Mr. Fielding, Mr. Mr. Ward, Sir

virtue of the Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting Robert Eden, Mr. Peckdngton; and all, that serve for her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service the Cities of Louden and And they are to

of the Year 1709, and of what Money has been paid meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's out of the Land Tax for the feme. Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her

Public

Mourning*.

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

a

W*y* Refohred , That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-

nd Mean*. jQg ncJttf resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Meads for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Cwatttfb Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered That Mr. Gourdou have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Prwention of whom the Bill for the better preventing of escessive and Gaming, immoderate Gaming, was committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Mart is, 7* die Februarit;

Anno 8* Annie Reginr,

1709.

Pr

AT ERS.

ItHborth'

Mim

An

the

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Wm. Powlett took the Chair Of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Wm. PoWlett reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Kesolutions, which they had directed him to report. When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday next, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Persons, who attended the said Committee, on behalf of the Royal African Company, and on behalf of the separate Traders to Africa, do

African

Trad*.

Cambridge

Election.

tear* of

Absence.

Thames

Fiftery.

A N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, d\ Act to enable Peter Bettfwerth, Esquire, and Trustees in his Marriage Settlement, to fell certain Lands fend Hereditaments in the Counties of Southampton and Sttfftx, for Payment of his Debts, and to settle another Estate, of greater Yearly Value, for the better Provision

for his Family, was read a Second time. . ... t» __________

RifdvrJ, Thu the Bill be committed to Mr. ffVyfcy, *"d h Houli up0" next.

L»d Wm: I'T'Z Ordrrri, That the Report (torn the Committee of

MWn.; "m r Privilege., touching the Ekaion for the Towo of Ce».

tZZ Y^Ur'^Z). Mr* ^e received Spon W Morning next.

P'l7k' J'r ,1'I Mr. M (according to Oder) presented to the

BMm EJmi Mr. Wbucbcot , and r e for the House, An Abstract of the Accounts of the Revenues of the Crew.,

Count.es of SuffUi, S.ubam^<m, and trt/n:And the the Cr0 Tu,,a,d Moneys borrowed, for one Year,

« !° . thts Afternoon, at F.rt > Clotk, in the lo fI0m MMm, .708, to Miriam., .709.

Speaker . Chamber. And the Title of the said Abstract was mad.

OrM, Thxt Sit NirUat Morut have Leave to go Or^, That the tod AbstraS do lie upon the Table,

into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary to be pwfed by the Member, of the House.

Occasions The fsud Abstract is bound up with the othft

Papers of this Session, or with the Abstracts, presented to the House for former Years.

Komrt

Kfwytiott*

A Bill for the better Preservation, and Improvement, of the Fishery within the River of 5 and for the

Regulation and Government of (he Company of f ifber-men of the said River, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be redd a Second time. 1

A Bill for making the River navigdblc from

Reading to N&ivbory, in the County of Berks, tvas (ac-

eording to Order) read a 9eoOnd time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed t6 Mr. Pecklittg-ten. Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Mr. Prise, Sir

Williams, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Wyld, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Rotvney, Sir, Wtri. Hujiler, Mr. Sir John

Awbry, Mr. Dockminiqut, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Sherrisrd,

'Wr. Lowther, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Mr. Moun-

Mr. Cotton, Serjeant Birch, Mr. Mr. Foley,

Mr. Harvey-, and ill, that serve for the Counties of Berko, Southampton, Wilts, and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; aitd Kara FeWcs* t<y fern! for Pdrfohsy Papers, and Records.

Vwk. 16.

CaJioT tbk Hoof*.

Ordered, That the calling over the Names of such Members, as did not appear, upon the calling over the House, be adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Met cur it, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 8* Anns Regime, 1709.

Pratbrs.

ySRDERED, That the Report from the Committee, s*ven o*k«a to Whom the Bill for the repairing and amending the Road*. Highways, leading from Seven Oakes to and

Tdnbridge Wills, in the County of KeAt, wa% committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

4 F

An

n»r>yX

±ible.

ttamonds

Eftatt.

Huntingdon

R^ftrycf

B«ed*.

Northampton

Roads

8° Februarii.

A. 1709.

An ingrofifed Bill for confirming and establishing the Partition, made between Edward Gentleman, the honourable Charles Eger ton, Esquire, the honourable Edit, his Wife, and others, of several Manors and Hereditaments in the County of EJfeheretofore the Estate of

the Right honourable Anne, late Countess of deceased, and to enable Margaret, Anne, and,

Lennard, Infants, to make Partition of other Lands and Tenements in the said County, and in the County of Hertford, and in London, other Part of the said Countess of Oxford's Estate, was read the Third time.

' An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press 15. L. 10. after "Young" to insert "of yard, in the Parish of St. Andrew's Hoibourn."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass) and that the Title be. An Act for confirming and eftibblhing the Partition, made between Edward Rigby, Gentleman, the honourable. Charles Egerton, Esquire, the honourable Eliz. his Wife, and others, of several Manors and Hereditaments in the County of E/fex, heretofore the Estate of the Right honourable Anne, late Countess of Oxford, deceased, and to enable Margaret, Anne, and Katherine, Lennard, Infants, to make Partition of other Lands and Tenements in the said County, and in the County of Hertford, and in London, other Part of the said Countess of Oxford’s

Estate.

Ordered, That the Lord William Rowlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Anthony Hamond, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner did by Deed, of nth August, 1694, convey certain Marsh and Fenny Lands in the great Level, called Bedford Level/, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, to the LTe of himself, for Life, Remainder to his First and other Sons of his then intended Wife, in Tail Male, Remainder to his own right Heirs; and by another Deed, of the same Date, settled all his Manors and Lands in Huntitigtonshire (except the said Fenny Lands) to the same Uses, except the Provision therein made for his then intended Wife: That the Petitioner hath since purchased several Lands and Tenements, more contiguous to the Bulk of his Estate, of a greater Yearly Value, than the said Fenny Lands, by reason whereof he is indebted to near the Value of the purchased Premises: And pFaying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Sale of the said Fenny and Marsh Lands, and for settling the said purchased Premises, of greater Value, to the same Uses, ail Parties concerned agreeing the reunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition) and that Mr. Manley and Mr. Anne/ley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Pocklinglon presented to the House (according to

Order) a Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Huntingdon; and the Bill was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways between the House, commonly called the House, in the

Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, was read the Third time.

An ingrafted' Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, that

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bilk

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Highways between the House, commonly called the Horse-shoe House, in the Parish of

Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the regulating the making of Button* and Buttons, and Button-holes, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, m 8'

An Act for employing the Manufacturers, by encourage-ing the Consumption of raw bilk, and Mohair Yarn.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of George Hickman, Gentleman, was pre- Cooper’s fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there kftax*. being a Bill depending in the House for the Relief of Joseph Cooper, Gentleman, the Petitioner affirms, that Cooper doth not apply to the House for an Act, so much to enable him to discharge Incumbrances on the Estate, therein mentioned, as to strengthen his Title thereto; which being very well known in Ireland, is the Reason, that Cooper did not apply to the Parliament there for Relief; and, if this Bill should pass, it will greatly prejudice the Petitioner’s Interest: And praying, that it may not pass without the Concurrence of the Petitioner, before he hath Justice done him.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of white Thread, and PsbJie Silk Bone l4tce, in the several Counties of Bedford, - Mouwisgs.

ingham, and Northampton, (Ac. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by reason of the long and frequent publick Mournings, the Petitioners Trades are in a manner at a Stand, whereby they have been forced to put off the greatest Part of their industrious poor Manufacturers, who, for want of Employment, afe defti-tute of Subsistence for themselves, and Families: And praying, that the House will commiserate their deplorable Condition, and give them Relief.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for ascertainrng and limiting, the Time of future publick Mournings, is committed.

A Motion being made. That Leave be given to Mr. Lot* of Buller, a Member of this House, to go into the Country, Abfeac*. to attend the Convocation of Tinners in Cornwall, which is summoned to meet the 20th Instant;

And a. Motion being made. That an humble Addrelis Cornwall be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to Tina*, give Directions, that the said Convocation of Tinners may not fit, during the fitting of this present Parliament;

The previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided:

' The Noes go forth:

Tellers forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

*34-

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into

a Committee of the whole House, to consider further and of Ways and Means for raisingthe Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had considered the Matter to them referred; and bad come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be. received upon Morning next.

Lw'i

ikfc*

lati

ibw

Lxpor

Con

L£jri G

Hi'il

Alt,

w

to

k

h

1

A

8 Ann.

8° — 9° Fe

*99

Ik' r

Lwve of Ordered, That Mr. De Gray, have Leave to go into the Abitace. Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycoit and Mr. Fellowes:

Mr. Speaker,

SachtvmlT* The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House that her Majesty hath given Order, that a Court be prepared in Westminster Hall\ for the Trial of Doctor Henry Sacheverell\ which will take up some Time; and that therefore the Trial cannot be at the Time appointed; but that, as Toon as the Place is prepared, this House Hull have Notice of the Day of Trial.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committm. Ordered9 That all Committees be revived.

And th^n the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Loire of Absence.

Exporting

Com.

hj:

*;up.

Lord Gor-muni ton's

1

Leave of Abfeuct*

Berks

Regitkry.

Weeks*

Jointure.

Famhurst Low Road.

Jovis, 9* di Februarii;

Anno 8* Anns Region, 17C9. Praykis.

ORDERED, That Mr. have Leave to go

into the Country, upon Extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the late Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Wadi, drawn from malted Corn, by which Corn is admitted to be carried from the Isle of Wight to any of the usual Markets they trade unto, and for faking off the Custom-house Fees; and that Mr. Morgan, Mr. Holmes, and Sir Trifir am Dillington, do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Medlieot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale ot Part of the Efrate of Anthony Lord Viscount Germanfton, for Payment of Ins Debts, and for

feeuring a Jointure, and a Maintenance, for Margaret Viscountess Gormansion, in lieu ofa Rent-charge, payable . to her out of the said Viscount’s Efrate, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and . found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made (cveral Amendments to the Bill, which they - had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where t he same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Quefrion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the . House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . logrolled.

Ordered, That Sir ‘Trijlram Dillington have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Berks, be printed.

The Lord Wm. Powlett (according to Order) presented

to the House, a Bill to enable the Trustees of the Jail . Will and Testament of Thomas Hobbs, Dr. in Physick, deceased, with Abraham Wee, Esquire, to make a Jointure upon the Wife of the said; and

tire same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, within the Rape of in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting

Vol. 16.

forth, that Famhurst Lane is the high Road from,

Midhurst, and other Towns, to London, and is become so out ol Repair, that’tis dangerous to Passengers j and the Stage Coach, from London to C,is forced to lay down, by reason of the Badnels of the said Lane, being Three Miles in Length; and which is more, than the respective Parishes are able to repair: And praying, that l^ave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Lane, by 1'uch Means, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Piayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Henry Peaehy and Mr. Gott do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Prije (according to Order) presented to the House, inf0iVent a Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors; and the same Debtors, was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday next, in a full House.

Sir William Drake reported from the Committee, to Rolle’s

whom the Bill to vest in, and enable, Tru frees to fell some Eilat*.

Out-parts of the Efrate, late of Sir John Rolls, Knight of the Bath, deceased, for Payment of the Debts, and Legacies, and younger Children’s Portions, and for settling of other Lands, equal in Value, to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that all the Parties concerned bad given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Roger Tuckfield, Esquire, who was made a Trustee in a Conveyance, but had never acted, and declared, he never intended to act, yet gave no Opposition to the Bill; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were'once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to puy;c whom the Bill for ascertaining, and limiting, the Time Mourning*, of future publick Mournings, was committed, be received Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

A Petition of the Mafrer, Wardens, and A Aidants, of Edition, the Corporation of Trinity-house of Deptford Stroud, was Light-house; presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, 4* et of her Majesty, for enabling the Petitioners to rebuild the Lighthouse on the Ediftone Rock, the Petitioners have at great Expence rebuilt, and completely finished, the same, to the Satis-. faction of all Persons concerned in Navigation; but some Doubts have arisen, relating to the Duties, granted by the said Act, touching the collecting thereof: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, the said Act' of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition; and that Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Nevill, and Mr. ,do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Rennet and other the Inhabitants, of the Borough of Reading, in Navigation, the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbery, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, if it should pals: And praying to be heard against the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Freeholders of the County of Berk*

Berks was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Registr/

that

300 o Febru&rii.-A 1760.

that the Petitioners observe, that the House has giveo Leave to bring in a Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County: That they are sensible, if inch a Bill should pals into a Law, it will be of ill Consequenoeto the Inhabitants of the said County, by the great Trouble and Charge, that tuuft neceftari y attend the lame: And praying, that the said Bill may not pals.

Ordered, That the Confidenatiom of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, io whom the said Bill is committed.

Huatii^dna A Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Con-Regifiry.' veyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Huntingdon, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Rtfolytd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Atfce of Ordered, That the Bill to regulate die Price and Assize

Bread, of Bread, h? read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Fraudulent Mr. Ward presented to the House (according to Order)

Coopers a Bill to prevent the making, or using, fraudulent Coopers Vessel. Vessels; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Saturday Morning next.

Court of Sir David Ramsay (according to Order) fpresented to Judiciary, ^e House, a Bill for discharging the Attendance of 0 an Noblemen, Barons, and Freeholders, upon the Lords of Judiciary in their Circuits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and the same was received, and read the Fuft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Retraining Ordered, That the Bill for restraining the Building Bwldiags. upon new Foundations, in the Cities of London and Westminster, be read a Second time upon next, at

Twelve a Clock.

Copy Right A Bill for Encouragement of Learning, and for

of Boo ha. securing the Property of Copies of Books to the rightful Owners thereof, was read a Second time.

Rt/ohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

African The Lord William reported from the Com-

Irad*. mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to

consider of the Trade to Africa, that they had heard the Royal African Company, and the separate Traders to Africa, upon their several Petitions; and had come to Two Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: And be read the feme in his Pla<;e, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table j where they were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolveid, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forts and Settlements are necessary for carrying on, and preferring, the Trade to Africa.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trade to Africa b© free and open for all her Majesty’s Subjects, to trade to from any Part of Great Britain, or the Plantations, under such Regulations and Provisions, as may- be for the Preservation of the said Trade, and maintaining the said Forts and Settlements.

< The First Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the House do agrtee with the Committee, in the said Refutation, That Forts and Settlements are necessary for carrying on, and preserving, the Trade to Africa.

The 2d Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed j It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Trade to Africa be free and open, for all her Majesty’s Subieifts to trade to Africa from any Part of Great Britain, or the Plantations, under such Regulations and Provisions, as may be for the Preservat on (4 the said Trade, and maintaining the said Forts and Settlements.

Resolved, That this H >use will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the Persons, who were directed to attend this House this Day, do then attend the said Committee.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee of Privi- CambrMg* leges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, Elt&Urn. touching the Election for the Town of Cambridge, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report, and Resolutions, in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table i where they were read, and are as follow j viz.

Upon the Petition of 'Thomas Bendish, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of John.

Hind Cotton, and Samuel Shepard, junior, Esquires, for the Town of Cambridge:

That the Numbers on the Poll were.

For John Hind Cotton, Esquire,7 Sitting C125,

For Samuel Shepard, Esquire,5Members,£ioi:

For the Petitioner - 80.

That the Counsel for the Petitioner admitted that Mr.

Cotton was duly elected; but infilled, that the Petitioner had a Majority of Mr. Shepard, of such Persons, as were qualified to vote; and that Mr. Shepard's Election was procured by Bribery, and other illegal Practices.

In the first Place the Counsel for the Petitioner infilled, that the Right of Election is in such Freemen only, As had a Right to their Freedom by Birth, or Service, or who were admitted to their Freedom by Redemption, or Purchase, and who did not receive Alms, or any other Charity.

That the Counsel for the fitting Members infilled, that the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Bailiffe, Burgesses, of Freemen, at large.

That the Counsel for the Petitioner, to prove the Right of Election, called

Thomas Gale; who said, that he has been a Freeman in Cambridge 22 Years; and that the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, who had a Right to Freedom by Birth, or Service, or who have it by Purchase; and that he hath inspected the ancient Books of the Town, being aftifted therein by Mr. John Fowl, and finds, that for 62 Years past, there is no mention made . of any honorary Freemen made there, till King James the Second’s Time, when the late Lord and about Fourscore more Persons, were made such by a new Set of Magistracy, and has been present at several Elections for Cambridge, when many of those Persons demanded to poll, but they were always refafed.

That in the Year iyof, the then Mayor dying about Six Weeks before his Mayoralty expired, one Mr. Pan was chose Mayor for the Remainder of the Time; wherein were made Two honorary Freemen, viz. Mr. Francis Shepard, and Mr. Gatvoard:

And in Mr. Fowles' Time, the next Mayor, *1 or 12 Persons were admitted to be honorary Freemen, Six __ whereof were Londoners, and the rest Country Gentlemen; and two more Were admitted, when Mr. Fox, senior,

was

8 Ann. 90 Februarii. 30 ir

was Mayor: And that all the said honorary Freemen, Fox, the Town Clerk, that he would vote for Mr. so admitted after the Year 170^ voted for the fitting ;upon which Fox told him, that, if he had

Member, Mr. Shepard. imagined that before, he should have loft no Time;

That the Fine, upon a Freeman’s Admission by Pur- and admitted him to his Freedom forthwith; but then chafe, is £. 10, but is often mitigated according to he voted for the Petitioner.

Circumstances of the Person, his own Fine being re- Thomas Sanders said, that his Father had to

duced to 40/. vote for the Petitioner, but falling tick before the Elec-

The said Gale being aiked, in what Hand, and Lan- tion, Mr. Tho. junior (the Town Clerk) and fame

guage, the old Books were wrote; others, came to him, and perl’uaded him to give his Vote

Heanswered, in Court Hand, and in English. for the fitting Members, and gave him and Rumba//, That the said Books being produced, the Admittances Mr. s Vintner, sent him home (ome Wine; but

to Freedoms appeared to be in Latin. he was threatened, if he did not give his Vote, as was

Mr. John York said, that all Freemen have been ad- expected, they would ruin him, by taking out Executions mitted to vote, except those honorary Freemen, that upon Two Judgments, that lay against him in the Mayors were made in King James the 2d's Time. Court; and Mr. Rumba// having gotten an Assignment

That the Counsel for the fitting Member called Sir of his Arrears of Rent, threatened to seize all his Goods; John Cotton (the Recorder) and Mr. Tho. Ewin-, who To avoid all which Mischiefs, he promised to vote for laid, they are Freemen of Cambridge, and know, that all the fitting Member; and was accordingly taken out of free Burgesses always voted, whether they lived in, or his Bed, and carried to poll by Two of Mr. out of, the Town, excepting those admitted in King Servants: And the Town Clerk told the said Saunders, James the 2d's Time. junior, that he had been with several other Freemen,

That Mr. Recorder said further, that he has known who had Business in the Mayor's Court, to procure their honorary Freemen admitted for Cambridge, for 40 Years Votes in the same Manner for the fitting Member, pall; and that Sir IVm. /Vren, Sir Tho. Hatton, and 20 That, after the Election, he had one Lindsey in his

more, were admitted as such in King Charles the 2d’s Custody, who was confined upon a Verdi<51 for Time; and knows, that all such (excepting those made Damages, at the Suit of the Petitioner, forabufinghim in King James the 2d’s Time) always voted: That he with a.Scandal of Bribery; and, whilst he was in his has served for the said Town in several Parliaments; and Custody, several of the fitting Member’s Friends promised they were admitted to poll, and hewaschofc by them. to make him ealy; and he was ordered so carry him to That the Town Books being produced, there appeared one Mr. Pike, a Person concerned for Mr. Shepard, who several Admittances of Persons to Freedoms for the said gave a Note for the Payment of the said £.35.

Town, gratis, or with Remittances of the Fines, in That the Pojlea upon the Verdictt was produced, and Queen Eliz. and King James the ill’s Time, and in admitted by the Counsel for the fitting Member.

King Charles the ad’s Reign. Sell Crajk said, that one John Thurlow, who lives in

Upon this Evidence the Committee came to the the told him, that he had promised to vote for the following Kcsolution; viz. Petitioner; but that, upon Application to him by Mr.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Shepards, Friends, and giving him 12J. and a Promise That the Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parlia- to bear all his Charges in his Journey to Cambridge, he ment for the Town of Cambridge, is in the Mayor, Bailiffs, was prevailed upon to give his vote for Mr. Shepard. and Freemen, not receiving Alms. J°Jeph IPiIf on said, that Mr. Shepard applied to him

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded to dif- for his Vote; but he told him, he durst not go to qualify several of the fitting Member’s Votes, upon Cambridge, because he owed one Mr. Halstead£.$. 5;. $d. account of Bribery, and treating after the TeJteof the and Mr. Pike, £.3. 3 to which Mr. Shepard told him,

Writ; and for that Purpose called he Ihoui J be nude easy, and he would get him a Discharge

Thomas Jones-, who said, that he, being a Freeman, of those Debts, promised to vote for Mr. Bendiflr, but the Evening before That, when he came there, he was employed at Work

the Election, one Richard Parker, and another Person, by a Friend of the Petitioner’s; but, when he had told came to him, and told him, that a Chapman of his (laid him, that he could not vote for him, he was turned off; to speak with him at the Magpye Alehouse; whither he and applying himself to MK Shepard, Mr. Rumball, went with them; and they treated him with Beer, to and Mr. Ewin, and acquainting them therewith, they the Value of 12 d.or 18 d.and then took, him with them promising him Work; and Mr. Shepard telling him, he to the Black Bear Inn; where he saw Mr. Good, Mr. durst not give him any Money, because that would keep l/’enda, and about. 12 more of Mr. Shepards, Friends; him from coming into the House of Commons, and Mr. with whom he supped; and was there made very drunk, P nly telling him, that he would not trouble him for and carried to Bed in a Room in the Inn; and in the his Debt, he did not depend upon their Promiles, but Morning, when he would have went to the Election, he voted for the Petitioner.

found himself loekt in; and, when the Door was opened, Charles Piercy said, that one Glover'% Daughter was the said Parker, and others, plied him so hard with Hot- indicted, and fined, for taking unlawful Interest; and pots, that, when they brought him to the Election, he he, demanding the Fine, which was £.4, was told by polled for the fitting Member, contrary to his former Sir John Cotton and Mr. Shepard, (he should not pay it; Intention; and that, in Considerationthereof, he having Her Father voted for Mr. Shepard. a considerable Quantity of Meat in his Shop the Morning George Flower said,’ that Charles Roper told him, that of the Election, it was all fetched to Mr. Rumba/Ps (a Mr. Shepard, Sir John Cotton, and the Mayor, fetched Vintner, and Servant to Mr. Shepards) Tavern, who paid him out of Gaol, otherwise he might have remained him an Half-peny per Pound above the Market Price for there, during his Life. And Jacob Martin laid, that the fame. the said Roper owed f. 44 to the Corporation, and he

John Davis said, that on the 28th of April, 1708, he, was abated £.*24 thereof; and that he heard Sir John being at the RofeTavern in Cambridge, saw Mr. Warder Cotton tell the said Roper, he should be made easy as to and Mr. Hill there; who called for one Pint, and then a the rest, if he voted for Mr. Shepard; and was made id, of white Wine, and offered to pay for the fame; but one of the Serjeants of Mace.

Mr. Rumball told them, he had Orders from his Maftev Cha. Inman said, that Richard Sanders being fined for

Shepard, to treat all his Friends; and he took them to keeping a disorderly House, he heard the Town Clerk be such, and therefore they were welcome: And they tell him, if he would vote for both the fitting Members, voted for the fitting Member. he would discharge him from any further Prosecution;

Josephh Thompson said, that his Father dying, he went but he refusing to vote for both, the Town Clerk took to the Hall, to demand his Freedom by Inheritance, but but 13 j. 4 of him, upon his Promise to vote for was put off from time to time, till he pretended to Mr. Mu Shepard.

Vol. 16. 4G Mr.

Cttmbridjfr

Elt&uu.

302 ' 0° Febru. 1709,

Cambridge Mr. Galt said, that he, seeing Mr. talking

Claffinb. with Mr. Morley’s Wife, and putting something into her Hand," afeed her, if that was all the Money (he had given her? She told him, (he could have more Money, when (he wanted it.

That he heard Tho. often promise to vote for the Petitioner, and was ready to go down for that Purpose; but, undemanding Mr. Bendish would give no Money, he told him he had Two Guineas for himselfof Mr. Shtpard, and 12 s.for his Horse, and his Charges were borne on the Road, and for that Reason he voted for the fitting Member.

That John Spurting (a Porter in the Strand) promised him to vote also for Mr. Btndifk-, but he was taken off by Mr. Shepard giving him a Guinea, and 1 a for his Horse; and went down and voted for the fitting Members; and, the Morning after the Election, understanding that Good had more than he, for going down to vote, he made Application for more Money; and Mr. Parker told him he had a Guinea for him; but that not fecisfying him, he got another Guinea from Mr. Chamber lame, who were Mr. Shepard’s Friends; and he was with them in the Tavern at the same time.

Mr- Davis said, that Spurting, who had promised him to vote for the Petitioner, was taken off by Mr.;

who gave him Three Guineas, and 12 more, to hire a Horse, to go down; and he voted for the fitting Member; and since the Election he promised to give him Aiq more, after the Cause (liquid be over before the Committee, for the Service be bad done him.

Mary Curd said, that the Town Clerk and Joseph came to her Husband’s House, and proffered him £ 5 for his Vote for the fitting Members; and he told them, be had promised the Petitioner: They violently forced him into a Coach near the Door, and carried him to the Bear, and there made him drunk, and locked him up all flight; and keeping him hot, he voted for the fitting Member, but had nothing for his Vote; That (he being arrested at one West on's Suit, for 2. 4 (he applied to Mr. Shepard for some Money upon the Account of the Promise; he told her, he could give her none; but, withal, if (he offered to go, to give Evidence against him, (he should rot in a Gaol: And has been arrested since (he came to Town.

Mr. John Welbore said, that Mr. Shepard senior, has for several Years pad, and now keeps the Tavern in Cambridge, and Mr. Woo. RumbaJI, an Alderman, manages the fame, as his Agent; where a Club is kept of a Majority of the Aldermen, and Common-council-men, who have the foie Power of the Corporation, and make who they please honorary Freemen-That Mr. Shepard, the fitting Member, by. often treating this Club, get into their Favour, and was admitted to (land a Candidate, after he had gn'en them act much Wine as would have drowned them.

That the Club, to serve the fitting Member, agreed to make Eleven honorary Freemen; Four whereof the fitting Member brought with him. from,

That the fitting Member, for the greater Security of his, Election, applied bicaself to those Person*. that had promised the Petitioner their Votes; and m, a. Day o# Two prevailed with 16 of those to vote for him, and particularly oon Morley, who, voted for him, after he bed promised to vote for the Petitioner to Dr,

That Jaftph Lmdfey canoe to him, and told him* the fitting Member had given him. Money* to dispose of for Votes, and if the Petitioner would:give.him.^C-$ °* £-io, he would lay it. out among the Freemen, and secure, his Efeftion; hut he, foe feid Welbore, telling him, that the Petitioner would give no Money upon any Account, sefetfog to foe Efeftion, the f*&L*#b\ in Revenge, went about: the Town, with some Guinw«.m hb Haads,.and:tokl t he People, foe Petitioner had given him them, for his Votefor which Scaod4 foe petitioner brought hi* Attfou against him, and recovered £-35 Coffs.and Damages.

That upon foe. Day of the Ek&fon,. just as foe? Poll legm, he lookt upon his Watch, and found foe.Time, tat

be a Quarter of an Hour after Eleven, and the Poll ended just about Twelve,a Clock; and that during the Heat of the Poll, there were Two Proclamations made, and about half a Quarter of an Hour after the 3d and last Proclamation was made; and in Two or Three Minutes after adjourns into the Parlour for half an Hour; and one IVifeman coming in Two Minutes after, and demanded to be polled for the Petitioner; as also did John Sell; and IVifeman’s Name was taken down on the

Poll, but the fitting Member ordered it to be struck out; and Sell was refused to be polled; and thereupon the Poll was immediately cast up.

Francis Petrcy, Esquire, said, that Joftph Lmdfey came to him, and desired he would apply to the Petitioner to give him £. $ or £.10, to distribute among the Freemen, and he would procure the same Interest for him as he. had done for the fitting Member, who had given him several Five Pounds for that Purpose; and that Robert Allen (who is since dead) told him, that he had the Liberty of going to the Rife Tavern every Morning, for half a Year before the Election, to the Day thereof, and calling for a Rummer of Sack, without paying any thing for it; and for that Reason, in point of Gratitude, he thought himself obliged to vote for the fitting Member, though he had promised to vote for tire Petitioner: It appeared by the Poll, that he voted, foe Mr. Shepard and Mr. Bendish.

Tho. Sanders said, that Edward Morley told him, he went to wait upon the fitting Member, to get some Money of him; but, he not being at home, his Father gave him so*, and that Doctor Covitie Rung him for he had Money given him to discharge the fame, arid might have had enough to pay the Costs also; if he haft got the Bill thereof in time.

John Brook said, that the said Morley told him, that the fitting Member gave him. a Guinea before he polled; and, when he had done; gawe him another Guinea, to drink his Health.

Sell Crafk said, that James Whitlock told him, he had promised to vote for the Petitioner; but he, being employed to take the Pott, bad Two Guineas for the some, and voted for the fitting Member: The Poll held about Three Quartets of an Hour,

Mr. Gale said, that he knows Francis Web, and woe with him, when he was alkt for his Vote for the fitting Member by Mr. RnmAad, and, upon his pcomifing to vote for him, he fast Mr. give him his Coat,

and Rumball gave hima Hat, Wig, Waiftcpat, Bweches, Stockings, ami Shoes: fit was about Two Months before the Election.

Then the Petitioner’s Counsel; proceeded to disqualify some of the fitting Member’s Votes, upon the Account of receiving Alms: To prove which, they called

Mr. Francis. Pierey; who said, tJtat he knows, Richard Nichoifon receives, zs. per Week, as Alms, of the Parish where he lives: Which was admitted by the Counsel for the fitting Members.

Tho, Saunders and Mr. York bad, that Thomas Mums is a poor Chair-maker, and always receives Part of the Money given at the Communions; and is so poor, that the Parkh have more than once raided Money bo pay his Debits, or dfe his Family must have been thrown upon the Parifls:

And, that Stephen Perry fives in an Alma-hoafo, as Keeper thereof. sod Uvea Rent-free.

That the said Perry fives very well, but does- take kii Share in foe Charity of the Basket.

Thai the Counsel for the fitting Members alleged, that* notwithstanding ah the Petitioners Evidence, the: Majority of the Poll will, remain with the fitting Member:

And; that the Pretence of Bribery is not to be supportsd by hewfey Evidence

And that foe fitting Menfoee is so for from being m Stranger to Cambridge, that he wasjwoammended thitiiee hys the ancient Family of the Cat tans, and agreed to be a Candidate by the Corporation; and that, on thecontrary^ the Petitioner foldom cafidesua. that County.

That

8 Ann.

9* Februarii.

o)

That the Petitioner procured several of his Votes by Countiy, Lindsey applied to him for /ueb Money } but Csatridg* Bribery, and Promises of Pieces: To prove which, they not being able to give such Security, as the Petitioner Ektftw*. called expected, he offered him only the Loan of to, which.

Hugh Crogant who laid, that he intended to vote for he did not take,

the -fitting Member} but one Mr. "Jordan applied to him. That Dr. Butler, a Divine, meeting the said to give a tingle Vote for the Petitioner, and told biro, he alk’d him, what he should give him for his single Vota /Lould have 401. and, the more to induce him to give for the Petitioner: The laid told him, be would

such single Vote, Captain Love proroifed to get up his have Six Guinea* for his Vote, and have the Liberty of Bond of£. 12 which he has owed to one Mr. Stanton 16 voting for Mr. Shepard also; and the Doctor gave him or 17 Years: Upon which he went to the fitting Mem- the Six Guineas, Mid he voted accordingly, ber, and begged his Pardon, for that he could not vote That be never had any Money, or Treats, from the for him, as he intended; who bid him please himfetf: fitting Member.

Upon which Jordan paid him the 40s. and he gave, a Eliz Servant to Mrs. laid, that fingte Vote for the Petitioner} bof has not his Bond Dr. Butler came to her Mistrefr, and desired to borrow delivered up, by reafoo of Captain Love'% Death, who some Money, for the Service of Mr. > and ac-

undertook to get it for him. cordingly borrowed Six Guineas of her, which* he laid*

That the said Jordan went to Sea about 12 Months was to give to Mr. to promote an Intmtft

since; and that he never had any Gratuity, or Promile, for the Petitioner j and he afterwards came to her, and from the fitting Member. told her, had taken the Money of him, and had

To prove the contrary whereof the Petitioner s Coon- published it abroad j but that he would not discover, be fel produced a Paper, signed by the said Hugh Oregon, had the Money of her. and which he owned to be his Hand; which was read: Edward Stephenson laid, that th* Petitioner folkited

Whereby he testifies, that Joftph Lindsey offered him him for his Vote} and Mrs. threatened him, if htf

Three Pound, to vote for the fitting Member, or procure did not vote for the Petitioner, (he would lay him in him as much Money, 39 would take up his Bond from Gaol for what he owed her} but, if bo would vote for Mr. Stanton , and that Slot ley told him, be had received him, be should have Tune to pay the Money.

£.$ for voting for the fitting Member, which, Lindsey Riehard Sanders laid, that he kept a public* House at owned, the fitting Member pud to the said Mersey. the lad Election in Cambridge, and Mr. , with Mr.

But the said Grogan laid, he never knew the Contents Stanton, came to him the Day before the Election, and of the said Paper, till now he heard it read; but that he solicited his and his Friends Vows for the Petitioner, was lent for to the Petitioner, where was present only Mr. bidding him let them, and all other the Petitioner's Gale; and they desired him to set his Hand to a Paper, Voters, cat and chink what they would, he would pay which, they said, would do them Service} and he, not it} and has received Part of the Money from Mr. Galt. futpeding any thing of this kind, signed the fame. Simon Yarrengton laid, that be (aw the Petitioner, and

And, to confront the said Grogan, the Counsel for the Mr. tVMr. York, and Mr. the Day before

Petitioner called the said Mr. Gale; who said, the Pcti- the Election, take Mr. John Day ioto a Parlour} where, tioner himself drew the said Paper from Grogan % own they foliched him for his V<*e for the Petitioner, telling Mouth} and that the same was read over to him, before him, if be would so do* be should bane the Carriage of

all Mr. , of Lyon's Wine, which would bs

worth to him £. 150 per Annum; and threatened to keep* him these ah Night, tih the Election the next Day} and the fold Took told him, he should have £. 50 without 1st-terest, after he had voted: But he voted for the fitting Members.

Abigael Alien laid, that Mr. Turner and promised her Husband a Hat, and Coat, if he would vote for the Petitioner} which he did do, and received the same accordingly.

James Pymm laid, that, the Night before the Election,

Mr. Jomt came to the Blatk Bear, and told the said

Pymm, that he was offered, if he would vote for the Petitioner, to have the Custnro of the Falcon Club; and he applied to Mr. Gale for some Money; who carried that the said Jones desired one Parker to lock him into a him to an Inu, where Mr. Btndyfh was , and then he had Boom, that he might have an Excuse for not voting for 1 os. of a Gent. Mr. Gale brought to him} otherwise he the Petitioner -, and he was desired by the Petitioner’s intended to have voted for Mr. Shepherd. Friends to report fall* Evidence, to hurt the fitting

IVm. Mitchell said, that he, living about 40 Miles from Member’s Electioa-:

Cambridge, was desired to give his Vote for both the _ And further said, that Mr. Curd being sick, it was at fitting Members, as he had formerly done for Mr. Cat* his own Desire, that he was removed to, and lay at, the ton's Family; and he fully resolved so to do, till he re- Blatk Bear, the Night before the Election, to be freed ceived a Letter from Mr. Mania, of Ely, that he should from the Petitioner, and his Friends, Importunities} and have any thing, if he would vote for the Petitioner and his Wife told the said, Pymm, if he lwd set his Hand to he agreed lb to do, for Four Guineas} which Promise any Paper the Petitioner had got front him, k was im-was confirmed to him by Mr. Stanton} and, after he had poled on trim.} and that Sparling, and Murky told so voted, be went to Mr. Stanton»the Petitioner’s Friend, hun> they neves received any thing from the fitting

who was to have paid him the Four Guineas} but he Member.

would give him but 10 r. telling him, he could afford no Mr. Rumball said, he was so-far from treating upon the more, Mr. Bendish having loft the Day, though his fitting Member s Account, that he ordered alt the Draw-Journey, and attending the Election, cost him Two Gui- ers, not to draw a Drop of Wme upon Mr. Shepard's neas} and he fiuce giving the Letter to one Creamer, of Account, without taking Money for the lame.

Lynn, an Attorney, to foe upon the Promise, the fold The. Pox, junior. Town Clerk, fold, Us knows Thomas Attorney has stifled the fame: That he never had. any Saunders but that he never threatened his Father, or Money, or Promise, from the fitting Members. ever gave him any thing for his Vote} and that he

Then Joseph Lindsey was called ia , who said, that Mr. meeting Mr. Galt, Two. Days before the Ek&ioo* he Gait applied to him for his Vote for the Petitioner, and asked him for £. 40 which he owed him} who told him, offered him £. 100 for a Year or Two, without Interest he had expended so much Money upon the Petitioner’s for the lame: but, when the Petitioner came into the Account, that he could not pay lum then* but would the Voi. 1& mao.

the same was signed: Which the said Oregon absolutely denied.

Henry Cole who said, that the said The. Gale applied to him for his Vote for the Petitioner, and threatened him, if he did not give him a Vote, it should be the worse for him, in respefo of some Debts, he then owed in the Town, which he would take case should be put in Prosecution against him t but that, on the contrary, if be would vote for the Petitioner, he would undertake for his Preferment} and, re that End, ordered him to meet the Petitioner at Six a Clock that Evening; which he doing, the Petitioner told him, he would do what he could, to get him a Tide-waiter* Place} upon which Promise he voted for the Petitioner} and after he voted,

304 9* — 10° Februarii. A. 1709,

c"nj’f'd8e next Week, when he expected to receive Money of the election. Petitioner: And that he went with the Mayor, to wait upon the Petitioner, he fending for them; when the Petitioner soliciting the Mayor for his Interest, he told him, it was too late, for he had engaged himself to vote for the fitting Member: The Petitioner then desired the Mayor, to give his Officers Leave to vote for him; saying if the fitting Members had more Friends, than he liad, below, he had more Friends, than they, above; and, if he loft the Election, he would give the Corporation the Trouble of attending his Petition in the House of Commons.

Sir John Cotton said, he was so far from influencing Roper's Vote for the fitting Members, in Cambridge Gaol, that he never was in the Gaol in his Life, and does not know Roper if he fees him.

tVm, Cole said, that he was Crier at the Poll; and that the Election was carried on in the same Manner, as usual: and Four Proclamations made accordingly; and no body appearing, to poll, the Court was adjourned into the Parlour, joining to the Town Hall, to cast the Books, as always was done at former Elections; and that the Poll held Two or Three Hours.

Mr. Charles Chambers said, that he took the Poll; and never was at a fairer Election; and that the Re&fon, why Mr. IVifeman and Sell were not polled, was, because they did not come into the Town Hall, till the Poll was over, but came afterwards to the Parlour, where no Person was1 ever admitted to poll.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner, by way of Reply, desired, the Record of the Trial upon the Petitioner’s Action, which was laid for 1,000 Damages, against Mr. Jo/. Lindsey, for Scandal, might be read: Which was read accordingly; whereby it appeared, that the Words, made use of by holding Three Guineas

open in his Hand, were as follow:

" These Guineas, and Two more, and Two Half " Guineas, are Mr. Bendish his Money, and were given " me, to vote for him; and he has bought my Vote; and he shall have it."

That the said Lindsey was found guilty of speaking the Words; and the Petitioner had a Verdict for 405. Damages, which, with the Costs of Suit amounted to

& 3$-

And, to prove the Six Guineas, given to the said Lindsey, was neither by the Petitioner’s Order, or Know-lege, they called

Doctor Rutler; who said, that he meeting with the said Lindsey, he told him, if he would engage to procur 20 Votes for the Petitioner, and the fitting Member. Mr. Shepard, he would give him Six Guineas for that Purpose; which Lindsey undertaking to do, he gave him the Money, solemnly affirming, that it was without the Petitioner’s Privity, or Knowlege; and that he gave such Money for the Petitioner’s Interest, merely to the Regard and Friendship he had for the Petitioner’s Family, whose Grandfather had treated him with an extraordinary Kindness, when he was a Youth, and upon no other Account whatsoever.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee come to the following Resolutions; viz.

a. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Hind Cotton, Esquire is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Cambridge.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Samuel Shepard, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Cambridge.

The First Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Right of eleding Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, is in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Freemen, not receiving Alms.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

' Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That John Hind Cotton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Cambridge.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Samuel Shepard, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Cambridge;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.^J; \ 162.

Tellers for the Noes,^' }1

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Thomas Bendyjh, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess,

to serve in Parliament for the Town of;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Election for the Town of Cambridge is a void Election.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, in the room of Samuel Shepard, Esquire, who is adjudged not to be duly elected [<r];

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, £ ""|<rr: j'3S-

Tellers for the Noes, J; ] 160.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, in the room of Samuel Shepard, Esquire, who is adjudged not to be duly elected.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 10° di j

Anno 8* Annse Reginae, 1709.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Margaret and Mary Molloy was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have several times applied to this House, to be relieved for an Estate in Ireland, which was their Grandfather’s, but sold by the Trusteees for Sale of Irish Forfeitures, upon Pretence of the Attainder of one Charles Geogehan, who claimed the said Estate under a Deed, made by the Petitioners Grandfather, when he was a Lunatick; which was fully made out to the Committee, of this House, to whom the now Petitionersformer Petition was referred; who thereupon came to this Resolution: " That the Petitioners had proved the Allegations of " their Petition; and that they are real Objects of Compassion, and justly deserve the Favour of this House That, notwithstanding their same has been also recommended to the House by her Majesty, yet the Petitioners have had no Relief; whereby they are very much indebted, and reduced to the lowed Misery: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as is consistent with the Justice of the House.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir

[«] This Question is here entered in the Joornal by Mistake; for it appears from the Clerk’s Minute Book, that the Question, upon which the House divided, was, " That no new Writ shall issue tim Session, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Cambridge,'1 which Question pafliiigia the Negativo, a Warrant was immediately ordered for a new Writ

Cambridge

Writ*

Molloy’e

Estate.

8 Ann'. to°Februmi. %Q%

Hacketf* Sir Wm. HuJOtr (sotording toOrpwfefited to the

Eftat*. Noufe, a B?n to enaMe Jvbn Esquire, to catl to

an Account the iVrtoas, who by t wo Acts of Parliament, made in the Kingdom of are eppointet

Trustees of the Estate df Sir The. Hackett, Ins Father and to v^ft the Surptui of his livid Fathers Etlate in him and the same was received, and read the Frrft time.

Refebtmet, That the Bil! be read a Second time.

Privilege A Complaint being made to the Houft, that one

Daggett,a Bailiff, did o last, in a vety violent

and rude Manner, insult Joshua Esquire, a Bur-

gels for the Borough of St. , in his own House there, and give him very abusive and scurrilous Language, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Daggett be> for the said Breach of Privilege, taken intojhc Cifllodyof the Serjeant at Amu attending this House.

fcwJirvrrel'* Ordered, That Mr. Robert Walpole, General i»jK«etiiiHrot. Colonel Mordaunt, and Sir David be added

to the Managers, appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Dodfcor Hemy Saeheverel; and that the Managers have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Wm. Borrett be appointed Solicitor to the Lid Managers, for prosecuting the said Impeachment.

Privilegei A Complaint being rtude to the House, t hat John Farrington, a Sheriff’s Bailiff, by the Procurement of John At wood, an Attorney at Law, hud fraudulently (uport Pretence of an Execution, at the Suit of Thomas seized the Goods of Eli tier Pearson, which were in the Possession of John Atfldbv, Esquire (a Member of this House) upon a Distress for Rent} and that Marsh had driven away, and detained, some of the said Goods; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Ele&iofts, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint} and that they do report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

St. Sationr’*, A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Sa-

Smuhwark, diettrs, SentInvarh, was presentfed to the House, and read;

letting forth, that the Petitioners labour under the Grievance of a (elect Veihy, composed of about 30 Persons, not 0infen by the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, but by themselves, upon every Vacancy, and therefore are no proper Keprel'entatives of the Parish; ami they ehufe annual.'y Six Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor; by which moans they, at Discretion, make Scotland Lot Men, and consequently have too great an Influence in Election* of Members for Parliament; they also ehufe Chaplains, very often contrary to the Generality of the Pan (hr oners, and take Bonds of ltengnation, at Request, porpofely to fecufc their Dependency on themselves; which Prndlices, with their railing several large Sums of Money, without Necessity, and without the Content of the People, greatly burthens them, and keeps up Animosities amongst. them: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to appoint the Vestry there to be elected by the Parishioners, paying Scotland Lot, or otherwise to relieve them in the Preftiifes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Cob ration of the said Pt tit fort be referred to a Committee*, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report thtf lathe, with their Opinion tire rein, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir’Charles Cox, Sir Gilbert Dol-bek, Mr. Gov per, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Dolben, Sir Peter Krtig, Me. Cvat/Wffrth, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Freeman,

Sir IVm. fVythers, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Poultney, Sir Wm. Scazven, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Medlicot,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Leehmere, Mr. Campion, Mr.

Mr. Chambers, Mr. Gape, Mr. Naylor,

tenet. Sir Jof. Jeb;B, Mr. Bacon, Lord Powlett, Mr. Buckingham, Sir Hen. Furnesse, Sit Richard How, Mr.

Mtmflon, Mr. Ride, Mr. ShakerlySir Robert Eden, Mr. GzvyJt, Mr. Chafe, Sir'Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Foley, Sir Fra. Majtnrm, Mr. Monfcm, Mr. Goring, Mr.

Sir Henry Peachy, Mr.'Herne, Sir Clark, Mr.

Mr. Woollafon, and they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Ifower to spend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Freeholders, Kennet and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Whitchurch, in the Navigation, County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the River Kenntt, in Beftshire, is capable of being made navigable for Barges, and other Vefle.'s; which, when effected, will be of publick Advantage, by promoting Trade, increasing of Watermen, and supplying the Country with Coals, and other Commodities: And praying, that the Bill, depending in the House; for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Nearbe>y, in the County of Berks, may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of thd laid Petition be referred to the Chmtoittee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Dittaf the Meadows, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying between Reading and Nezl'bery, in the County of Berks, and adjoining to the River Kennet, in the said County', was pitfented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners Meadows, adjoining to the said River, are of a peaty and spungy Nature; and, if the said River should be made navigable, the Banks will be raised, and, with penning up the Water with Locks and Wears, the Water will often be raised to a very great Height, and thereby the Meadows will be subject to be drowned, to the Petitioners Damage: And praying, that effectual Care may be taken in the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Ntzvbery, for making good to the Petitioners all Damages, that shall happen by reason of the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

'Mr. Brydgts (according to Order) presented to the Victualling House, An Account of what Deductions have been Land Foret*, made by him out of the Pay of the Land Forces, serving on board, for Provisions, furnished to them, when on Shipboard for foreign Services, since the 24th of June,

*7°5-

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

Am ACCOUNT of what Deductions have been made by James Brydges, Esquire, Payfnafter of her MajestyV Forces, acting in Conjunction with those of her Allies, out of the Pay of the Land Forces, serving abroad, for Provisions, furnished to them, when on Shipboard for foreign Services, since the 24th of June, 1705, at which Time lie was appointed Pay matter of the said Forces; viz.

Sams, certified to the said Payfnafter, in order to be deducted; viz. £. s. d.

Newmber Sth, 1706. Certified by the Commissioners of Transports, to be the Charge of Pro-1

visions, supplied the Land Forces in their Passage from England to Holland in > 1,253 2 6

the Year 1706 J

Ditto ay. Certified by the said Commissioners, to be the Charge of Provisions, supplied')

the Land Forces in their Passage from England to Holland in November, 1705 ]

Qtbober c, 1707. . Certified by the lard Commissioners, to be the Charge of Provisions, supplied,) ,

the Land Forces in their Passage (rom England to Holland in the Year 1707 -,) 0 4 J

Vat. 16. 4 H Certified

40 —

L.

10° Februarii.

A. 1709.

..... j . Certified by the said Commissioners, to be the Charge of PrCvifionSjfarniftied > __ -

the Land Forces in their Passage from England to Holland in the Year 1708 j ' November 29, 1709. Certified by the said Commissioners, to be the Charge of Provisions, supplied?

the Land Forces in their Passage from England to Holland in the Year 1709 )

And certified by Charles Fox, Esquire, late Pay matter of the said Forces,! to be so much short deducted by him from the Land Forces in their Passage

from England to Holland, Anno 1705

Total certified Whereof there has been already deduced:

9l3

23 12

5>°3912 5

£. s. d.

From the Forces, serving in the Low Countries in the Year? 0

r r 1,222 2 o

1706 - - j

From the Forces, serving in the Low Countries in the Year? , ___

,707 - S 3

From the Forces, serving in the Low Countries in the Year? ,

1708 - - - - - - - . -t 12 9

Total deducted

Memorandum: The said Paymaster hath surcharged himself with this Sum of £.3,599. 16 s.$d. in his Accounts of the said Forces, delivered to the Auditors of the Imprefts, for the Years before mentioned.

Remains, to be deducted from the said Forces -

3>599

£. 1,439 >6 —

Memorandum: There hath not been any Certificate, or Account, returned to the said Paymaster for the Forces in Spain, or Portugal, for Provisions on Shipboard; and therefore no Deductions made for the fame.

J. Brydges.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Lambs come to every Market: That about 300 Sheep Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. come out of Sussex to Tonbridge and Sevenoake, every

Market-day: That, if a Turnpike be set up, Suffix will Seven-oakes Mr. Brewer (according to Order) reported from the pay 20 times as much as Kent, and yet receive no Ad-Roads. Committee, to whom the Bill for the repairing and vantage by the Amendment of the Ways.

amending the Highways, leading from Seven-oakes, to Mr. of Etchingham, in said, that the WoodJgate, and Tonbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, Roads between Sevenoke and Tonbridge are much was committed, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon better, than the Roads in , where he inhabits: That the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand Jury, the Inhabitants of that Part of Sussex have no Advantage for the County of Sussex-, and also upon the Petition of by Tonbridge Wells, and therefore the Turnpike will be the Freeholders, and Landholders, of the several Parishes prejudicial and burthensome to them, within the Rapes of Hajlings and Pemnfey; which Report Mr. Robarts, of in Sussex, and Mr.

he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the of Bunvash, said, that the Roads, as they now are, be-: Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as fol- tween Sevenoke and Tonbridge Wells, are better for Cattle loweth; viz. to go in, than when amended, because the Stones will

That the Committee have examined into the Allega- cripple and same them, before they come to Market, tions, contained in the said several Petitions; wherein That there is not above Two Miles, which are bad; the Petitioners allege; between Sevenoke and Tonbridge Wells.

That the Ways, intended by the Bill to be repaired, Mr. Robarts said, there were 16 Fishermen living is the direct Road between London and the Sea-ports of near him, which go with 8 Horses each: That 320 Rye, Hajlings, and Pemnfey: Fishermen’s Horses go thro’ this Road every Day.

That the Roads in the Petitioners several Parishes, in That he fends his fat Cattle every Market to Tonbridge the Wield of Sussex, are full as ruinous, and worse, than and Sevenoke.

Tonbridge Roads; and the Petitioners are unable to re- That about 8 or 900 Sheep and Lambs come out pair the Roads in their own County; (o that, if they of Sussex, every Market, to Sevenoke and 1 onbridgefo should be obliged to pay a Toll at Tonbridge, it would be that, if a Turnpike be erected, it will be a very burthen-a great Opprefiion to them, and disable them from pay- some Tax to the County of

ing their Rents: That between 3 and 4,000 Cattle in a Year pals

That this Tax will be very prejudicial, and burthen- through this Road to London, from SuJJ'ex, which some, to great numbers of Traders, and other Traders, mutt pay, if this Bill passes; which will be very inhabiting in the East Part of Sussex. burthensome to the Grafiers, who reap no benefit by

That the Committee examined several Witnesses, to Tonbridge

prove the Allegations of the several Petitions against the Mr. Coney said, that from in Sussex, to Lon-

Bill, being Traders, and Inhabitants, of the said County they pay the Carrier, for Carriage of Goods, $s.

of Stjfex. . per Hundred; and, if the Bill should pass, the Carriers

IV>n, Quoifsaid, that there is but Three Miles in this would advance their Price.

Road bad: That he goes every Week with 15 Horses: Mr. Noakes said, that they have Eight Carriers about

That, if this Tax be kid, it will be so burthensome, that the Rape of Hajlings, going every Week to London,

he, and others, will not be able to bear it. with 10 or 12 Horses each.

Mr. John Knokes laid, that the Roads are good enough. He computes, that 40 Passengers go every Day in for Horses to go: That, if the Law, that is already, the Year thro’ this Road; and that between Two and were duly put in Execution, the Roads might be made 3C0 Loads of Hops, and Wool, go yearly this Way; good j and then no need of a Turnpike: That he drives which, if they mutt pay, will be a very heavy Tax upon 2 or 300 Bullocks forward and backward through this the County of Sussex.

Road ': That there are 24 Market-days at the monthly Mr. Gorham said, that if the Act, now in Force, for Markets at Tonbridge and Seven-oaks in a Year; and laying 6 in the Pound, was duly put in Execution, and that, at one Market with another, 300 comes to a the Labourers to do their Work, as they ought to do. Market: He beliefs, one Horleman goes with every and to work Six Days (as the Law requires) there would 1 Ten Bullocks to the Market: That 6 or 700 Sheep and be no need of a Turnpike.

set ’ to

Vi

u'm

8 Ann. i o° Februarii.

PWlfng

>her i li a Accounts.

Wart mi Mcaos.

Mr. Brevier also reported from the said Committee, that Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

they had made several Amendments to the said Bill, which That the additional Impositions upon they had directed him to report to the House: And he chandizes, granted to the Crown by an Act of the 4th read the tame in his Place, and afterwards delivered them Year of their laid late Majestie’s Reign, intituled, "An in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read " Act for granting to their Majesties certain throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, Impositions upon nods and Merchandizes,

upon the Question Severally put upon several of the Said " prosecuting the prefect War against France,'* which Amendments (with Amendments made to some of them) thereby, and by several other Acts, already made, have were agreed unto by the House. Continuance until the First Day of August, 1716, be fur-

And it being taken notice of, that some Blanks in the ther continued, and payable, within and throughout the Bill were left unfilled up by the Committee; whole Realm of Great Britain, from and after the lad

Ordered, That the Said Report be re-committed to the Day of "July, 1716, until the First Day Same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, 1720.

at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. , Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties upon Whale-fins imported, which were Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to granted to the Crown by an Act, of the Ninth Year of whom the Bill for the more eas, passing Sheriffs Ac- the Reign of his said his Majesty King ffi'/l/am the Third, counts was committed, be received upon TuesdayMorn- intituled, "An Act for taking away half the Duties, im-ing next. " posed on GlaSs Wares, and the whole Duties, lately

" laid on Stone and Earthen Wares, and Tobacco-pipes,

Mr. Farrer(according to Order) reported from the " and for granting, in lieu thereof, new Duties on Whale-

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Scotch Linens,’’ and which, thereby, and by to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the subsequent Acts, have Continuance until the First Day of Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had A be continued, for and upon all Whale-fins, directed him to report to the House; which he read in to be imported into Great Britain from and after the last his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Day of July, 1 until the FirSl Day of August,

Tabic; where the same were read, and arc as follow; 1720.

viz. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and immediately after the Time, that all the That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, Principal and Interest Moneys, which by any former Act the Quantities of Pepper, on the Eighth Dav.of February, or Acts of Parliament are charged or chargeable upon the 1709, remaining in the Hands of any Merchants, or I'ke Impositions, or Duties, thereby granted, or conti-other Traders or Dealers in Pepper, or of any Persons in nued, for and upon such Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East Trull for them, or to their Use, lc charged with the Duty dndiaGoods, and other Goods, charged with the said of Eighteen Pence per Pound Weight. India Goods, and upon the like additional Impositions, and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the l.kc Duties on W’hale-fins, as aforesaid. Shall be fully That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, paid off, and satisfied, or that sufficient Money Shall be the several Impositions upon Wines, and Vinegar, which reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose, then all the were granted to the Crown by an Act, of the First Year Moneys, which shall from thenceforth arise by the said of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the 2d, in- Impositions or Duties, so granted, or continued, by the tituled, " An Act for granting to his Majesty an Impofi- said former Acts, for the Remainders of the Terms for-« tion upon all Wines, and vinegar, imported between merly granted, and therein then to come, and unexpired " the 24th Day of June, 1685, and the 24th Day of (except the necessary Charges of collecting and levying " June, 169 7," and which by several subsequent Acts, the fame) be appropriated, and applied, towards railing Since passed, have Continuance until the First Day of the Supply, granted to her Majesty in the present Session August, 1716, be further continued, for and upon all of Parliament.

Wines, and Vinegar, which shall be imported into Great Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Britain, from the last Day of July, 171b, until the First That immediately from and after the Time, that all the Day of August, 1720. Principal and Interest Money, secured by an Act, of the

Rejlived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act That thelmp ofitionsuponTobacco, granted to the Crown " for making good Deficiencies, and for preserving the by another Act, of the First Year of the Reign of his laid " publick Credit," shall be fully paid off, and Satisfied, fate Majesty King James the 2d, intituled, "An Act for or that sufficient Money Shall be reserved in the Exchequer " granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all Tobacco for that Purpose, then all the Moneys, which from thenceand Sugar, imported between the 24th Day of June, forth, until the First Day of August, 171 Shall arise, or " 1685, and the 24th Day of June, 1693," which Act, be due or payable, or be Secured, or in Arrear, of and as to Tobacco only, hath Continuance, by virtue of (eve- for the Duties upon Salt, and Rock Salt, granted, or con-ral subsequent Acts, passed in that behalf, until the First tinued, to his laid late Majesty King William the jd.

Day of August, 1716, be further continued, for and upon his Heirs, and Successors, forever, by an Act of Parlia-all Tobacco, which shall be imported into Great Britain rnent, which passed in the Seventh Year of his Reign, from and after the last Day of July, 1716, until the First intituled, "An Act for continuing to his Majesty certain Day of August, 1720. " Duties upon Salt, Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " Wares, and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco-That the several Duties, orlmpositions, upon several Sorts pipes, and other Earthen Wares, for carrying on the of Goods and Merchandizes, granted by an Act of the " War against France, and for establishing a national 2d Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King tVII- Land Bank, and for taking off the Duties upon Ton-liam and Queen Mary (of glorious Memory) intituled, " nage of Ships, and upon Coals" (except the necessary " An Act for granting to their Majesties certain impo- Charges of collecting and levying the said Duties upon " fnions upon all East India Goods and Merchandizes, Salt, and Rock Salt) be appropriated, and applied,

" and upon all wrought Silks, and several other Goods towards raising the said Supply, now granted to her " and Merchandizes, to be imported after the 25th Day Majesty.

of December, 1690," and which thereby, and by feve- Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ral other Acts, already made, have Continuance until the That, towards raising the Supply granted t<xher Majesty,

First Day of August, 1716, be further continued, for and an additional Duty be laid upon all Snuff imported, upon the like Commodities, to be imported into Great not being the Product or Manufacture, of her Majesty’*

Britain from and after the last Day of July, 1716, until Plantations, the First Day of August, 1720.

Vol. 16. Resolved,

%oB

I i* Fe&rwrii.

A. 1709.

SM-ats, 1 i* die Felr&ard,

Anno 8* Adwj Regime, j 709.

P»*t EM.

WetVs’

Jointure.

Public

Mournings.

Re/ohtiL That it is. the-Opinion of this CojntTMttee,

That the said Duty tie Three Shillings for every Pound W eight, oyer and above the Duty now payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Quantities of Sruiffo not being of the Product,

Of Macufacture, of her Majesty’s Plantations, on the

Eighth Day of February, 1709, remaining in the Hands A PET ITION of the Magistrasesj, T-own Council, of any Merchants{ or other Traders or Dealers in Snuff, Jr\- and Merchants, of the City of Edinburgh, was pre-or of any Persons in Trust for them, or to their Die, be fented to the House, and read j setting, forth, that the charged with the Duty of Three Shillings per Pound petitioners understand, the present Royal African Corn-Weight. < pany of England arc endeavour ing to obtain an exclusive

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Trade to Guinea-, under divers wrong Suggestions, pre-time, were, upon the Question fcVerally put thereupon, tending, the time cannot be managed, but with a joint agreed untp by the House. Company Stock; whereby the Petitioners wili be eac-

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the eluded from any Part of that Trade, contrary to the Ar-said Resolutions, except those, relating to the Duties laid tides of Union, particularly the 4th and aift Articles: upon the Stock of Pepper in Hand, atwl upon Snuff; and That the great Inducement, made u feof to engage that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. land in the Union, was, the Prolped of improving, and Farrcr, and Mr, Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the vending, their Linen, by a direct Exportation to the fame. Coall of Guinea, and the West Indies-, from which the

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Project of an exclusive Company will debar them; nor is who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, on the there any such inconveniency in a free and open Trade to fcefolutioas, of Monday last, that they do make the same Guinea, as is suggested; but that the same may be brought to extend to the Stock of Pepper, which was the 8th under such Regulations, as the Companies, trading to Pay of February, 1709, in the Hands of any Merchants, Turkey, or or otherwise, as the Parliament mall

pr other Traders or Dealers in Pepper, or of any Persons think fit: And praying, that the Petitioners may enjoy in Trust for them, ot to their Use. the Advantages, reserved to them by the Articles of

Ordered, That it be an Iostruction, that they also pro- Union, and, for that Purpose, that the Trade to Africa Vide, that the Duties upon Snuff, imported, be added to may remain open and free to all the Subjects of Great the Duties for fecunng the yearly Fund of Ninety thou- Britain.

land Pound pet Amum, for Paythent of Annuities, , That the Consideration of said Petition bf

Ordered, That it be allb an Instruction, that they do referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are provide, that the Surplus of the Duties on Coals, and to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Houses, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament, A Petition of the Committee of the Royal Boroughs of which at the End of any Year may arise, after all the North Britain, appointed by the whole Royal Boroughs Payments, directed, or authorized, by the said Act for thereof to report Matters of Trade, relating to North each Year, shall be satisfied, or Money reserved for the Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting feme, be made liable to make good any Deficiency of the forth, that the Petitioners ore informed, the Royal feid Fund of Ninety thousand Pound per Annum, in case Company of Britain design to procure an Act, ex-any such Deficiency shall happen, and, in default thereof, clulive of all others, to trade to that Place: The Peti-such Deficiency to be made good out of the then next tioners represent, that the said exclusive Trade will univer-Aids, to be granted in Parliament. sally prejudice the trading Subjects of Scotland, and parti*

Ordered, That it be also an Instruction, that they do cularly the Petitioners, who will thereby bedebarred from effectually provide against fmgggling, or running any fending their Linen, and other Manufactures, to those Sorts of Goods. Countries, where the Consumption is made of them; and the Royal Boroughs will be thereby deprived of the Bene-Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Trustees of the fits, provided for them by the First and 21st Articles of hft Will and Testament of Thomas Hobbs, Doctor in Phy- the Union, whereby it i* agreed, that, after the iftof sick, deceased, with Abraham Weeks, Esquire, to make May, 1707, all the Subjects of the united Kingdom shall a Jointure upon the Wife of the said Abraham Weeks* have free Intercourse of Trade and Navigation to and be read Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock. from any Part of the united Kingdoms, and the Plantations thereunto belonging; by which the Petitioners pro- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to pose to themselves a full Security, free from the Encroach-whom the Rill for ascertaining, and limiting, the Time ments of any private Companies, or Societies: And Of future publick Mournings, was committed, be received praying the House to stop granting any such Act, as i»

Pitt fl

llotti

tiporti

Afric&it

Trade.

Kcantt

Navigation.

Tomorrow, at One a Clock.

Ordered, That Lord Hertford, Sir Francis Sir Rufhout Quiten, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Harvey Mr. S/tippon, Lord Lumley, Mr. Watson, M"r. Gorge, Mr. Ward, Cojopel Moreton, Mr. Mention, Mr. Price, Mr. Archer, Sir Pair. Johnflon, Mr. JeJjbp-, Sir Peter King, Sir John Holland, Mr. Randall, be added to the Committed, to whom the Bill for making the River

demanded by the African Company, and effectual purfoe such Measures, as may prevent any Violation of the Act* of Union.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for clearing, pr-eferving, and maintaining, the

Capet's

of Berks, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Banks, Sir Roger Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Momtague, Sir Geo.

Newland, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Joseph Cooper, Gentleman, is committed-

And then the House adjourned till To.-morrow Morning, Nino a Clock.

Ordered, That iogrofled.

Dili*.

Citwater

Harbour.

fa# navigable frow Reading to Ntwbery, in the County Harbour of Cat water. Tying near Plimouth, in the County of Devon, and for clean hug, and keeping dean, tho Pool, commonly called Sutton, Pool, lying ie Plimouth aforesaid, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they bad directed him to report to the House: And be road the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table > where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

ti

the Bilk, with the Amendments, be

The

V

8 Ann.

ii* Februarii.

309

Duty m

Cloth

zportfrf.

a

The House being informed, that Mr. Cri/j>, Deputy And a Motion being made, and the Question being Collector of the Customs outward, attended, hewas called put, That the Clause be read a Second time, in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, A Return of It passed in the Negative.

the Commissioners of the Custom-house to an Order of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

this House, for an Account of the Duty of Five Shillings ingrafted. per Cloth, upon all white Cloth exported.

And then be withdrew. Sir Robert Davers (according to Order) presented to EWiitoae

And the Title of the said Return was read. the House, a Bill for explaining, and making more ef- Light-Lode.

And the Return is as followeth; viz. feftual, an Act for the better enabling the Matter,

Wardens, and Assistants, of to rebuild the

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Light-house, on the Ediftone Rock; and the same was Parliament assembled: received, and read the First time.

IN obedience to an Order of this honourable House, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

dated the Sixth Inttant, requiring an Account to be laid before this House, of what the Duties of Five Shillings per Cloth, upon all white Cloths exported, has produced, since the charging the lame, we do humbly lay before this honourable House the said Account, both in London, and the Out-Ports, as contained in the Certificates of the proper Officers, hereunto annexed, to which we humbly pray to be referred.

And is most humbly submitted to this honourable House.

C. G, Will. Culli/ord, Jo. Werden, M. Dudley,

J. S

Public

Mournings.

Custom-house, London, 10 Febr. 1709.

Weeks’

Jointure.

Lawt

TfUtiig to Highways,

An Account of what the Duties of $s. Cloth, upon

all white Cloths, exported from the Port of London, has produced, since the charging the fame.

Custom on 10,285 and J white Cloths, 7

at 5J. per Cloth - - - - J 2,57 7

8* Febr. Cha. Crisp, pro John Needier, Cujf.

1709. IF. Mtvjb, Exa.

An Account of what the Duties of t,s. per Cloth, upon all white Cloths exported from the Out-ports, has produced, lincc the charging the lame.

t- > /

Duty on 65 white Cloths, at 51. per Cloth, 16 5 — Custom-house, London,

lO Febr. 1709.

Examined perAndress,

] ln.it io Win.

Geo. Rich nr (ifon.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

A Bill to enable the Trustees of the last Will and Testament of Thomas Hobbs, Doctor in Physick, deceased, with Abraham Weeks, Esquire, to make a Jointure upon the Wife of the said Abraham Weeks, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Archer (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for making the Laws, for repairing the Highways, more effectual; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Tuesday Morning next.

aga’nft a Member.

Stveu-oake*

Hoads.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the repairing and amending the Highways, leading from Seven-oakes to Woodsgate, and Tonbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, was re-committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to exempt Oxen, Sheep, Swine, or other Cattle, from paying the Toll.

And the same was once read.

Vo i. 10.

Mr. MtdJicott (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for ascertaining, and limiting, the Time of future publick Mournings, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Charles Pye, Esquire, was presented to Privilege — the House, and read; setting foith, that in the Year in a Suit 1691 the Petitioner’s late Grandfather, and Father, exhibited a Bill in Chancery against Henry Gorge, Esquire (a Member of this House) and Eliz. his Wife, the Daughter of Robert Pye, Esquire, deceased, to oblige the Performance of the latt Will of Sir Walter Pye, deceased, whereby divers Manors and Lands, ot£. 1,200 per num, ought to defeend to the Petitioner, but Mr. Gorge got into Possession, under Pretence of Incumbrances, which are long since satisfied; to which Bill the Defendants answered, but by their Delays, the Caule could not be brought to hearing till the 27th of Jan. 1695, when it was referred to a Matter, to state the Cafe; but before that could be done, by the Defendant’s Delays, the Petitioner’s Father died, and the Petitioner brought his Bill of Reviver; to which the Defendants demurred, and by the Privilege of Mr. Gorge the Petitioner has been so hindered, that he could not proceed in the said Cause till lately, and that only in the intervals of Parliament; but at length the Defendants have answered; yet the Petitioner cannot proceed, during the fitting of Parliament: And praying, that Mr. Gorge may wave his Privilege, and that the Petitioner may at least have Liberty to examine his Witnesses, in regard the most material of them are very old and infirm, and probably may die, before they are examined.

To the Matter of which Petition the said Mr. Gorge was heard in his Place.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

Mr. Hungerford (according to Order) reported from Prevention of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better prevent- Gaming, ing excessive and immoderate Gaming, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Bill to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, be read a Second time upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock.

41 Ordered,

Assize of Bread.

Fraudulent Orderi4* That A# 8i|l to prevent the twaking, or Vaiftis* ofing, fraudulent Cockers Vessels, be read upon next, at One a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Nine a Clock;

ri-M,' i r.vv1 j Mutuum* ir'w^ yww

130 <//> Februarii;

Anno 8° Annae Reginae, 1709.

Prayers.

Kenntt fiRDERED, That Lord Wm. Mr. Owe»,

Navigation. " Mr. Dalbeu, Mr. Denton, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bacon, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr.

bers, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Ball, Lord Lumley, Mr. Gott, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Rennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, is committed.

Exporting Mr. Morgan presented to the House, a Bill to explain Corn. so much of the Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and Ipw Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Walh, drawn from malted Corn, whereby the said Commodities are admitted to be carried from the Isle of Wight to several Markets; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Refrlved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Barbers and Mr. Medlicoti presented to the House (according to Surgeons Order) a Bill for incorporating the Peruke-makers with Company, the Matters, or Governors, of the Mistery and Commonalty of Barbers and Surgeons, London, and for the better regulating the said Company , and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Emmerton'* A Petition of Eliz. Emmerton, Widow, in behalf of Eftatt. herself, and Elizabeth and Sarah Emmerton, her Daughters, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Wm. Emmerton, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner’s

late Husband, did settle a Messuage, called

Gheapstead-place, with divers Lands, in the County of Kent, of about £. 150 per Annum, for Part of the Petitioner’s Jointure, Remainder, on failure of Issue Male, to the Daughters of that Marriage: That he died in

tember, 1709, leaving only the said Two Daughters, of 18 and 15 Years of Age: That the Petitioner is offered £' 7,000 for the Purchase of the said Premisses, and is willing to relinquish her Right in £. 3,000 for the immediate Benefit of her said Daughters, and the Remainder, to be put out in Trull for the Petitioner) during her Life, and, after her Death, for the Benefit of her Daughters, who have no present Maintenance provided for them; and such Sale will be much to their Advantage, but cannot be effected, by reason of their Infancy: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vetting the said Messuage,'and Premisses, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Thomas Palmer and Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the BUI.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Commonalty, and

Firtwrj. Fishermen, erf the ancient Town of Rye, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in former Times the said Town has been very considerable for the fishing Trade, but now is almost loft to the®; which, they conceive, is occasioned by setting of Wears, Wear Hands, and Kettle Nets, upon the Sands, within Five Miles of Rye Harbour, and by drawing the said Harbour, and trouling with Nets of small Mox, under Four Inches, from Knot to Knot, contrary to an Act 3* Jac. I. the Penalties whereof are not easily recoverable

against the Offenders: And praying, that no Person may

set Wears, Wear-stands, or Kettle Netts, upon the Sands,

within Five Miles of Rye Harbour, nor draw within tho

said Harbour, nor trout between B Head and the

South Forefanffs, with kfe than a Four Inch Net from

Knot to Knot.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better Preforvation, and Improvement, of the Fishery within the River of Tham, and for the Regulation and Government of the Company of Fishermen of the said River, shall be read a Second time.

Mr. Page (according to Order) presented to the Cogg> House, a Bill for vetting the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths, and Co-partners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to vest in, and enable, Trustees Rolie’* to fell some Out-parts of the Estate, late of Sir John Eft*u, Rolie, Knight of the Bath, deceased, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies, and younger Childrens Portions, and for settling of other Lands, equal in Value, to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title be* An Act to veil in, and enable, Trustees to fell some Out-parts of the Estate, late of Sir John Rolie, Knight of the Bath, deceased, for Payment of Debts, Legacies, and Portions, and for settling of other Lands to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Yong do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Trustees of the Week*' last Will and Testament of Thomas Hobbs, Doctor in Jo‘ature* Physick, deceased, with Abraham Weeks, Esquire, to make a Jointure upon the Wife of the said Abraham Weeks, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Servant* regulate Servants and Workmen, and for the more easy "**' Recovery of their Wages; and that Mr. Lowther, the Lord Coningsby, Mr. Prise, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Edward Lawrence, and Mr. Mountague, do prepare, and -bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Lowther acquainted the House, that Woodhouse, Privilege, and others, against whom a Complaint was made of a Breach of Privilege against the said Mr. Lowther, had made it appear, that what was done, was by a Mistake; and he desired,. that the Committee of Privileges might be discharged from proceeding further in that- Matter:

With which the House being satisfied j

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding in the Examination of the Matter of the find Complaint.

Ordered, That al), that come to the Committee, to- St. Saviour’*, whom the Petition of divers Inhabitants of St. Saviour’s, ye^tliwark’ Southwark, is referred, have Voices. e

A Petition of several Creditors of the Royal African Africa* Company, in behalf of themselves, and several more, CrtJlwr*. was presented to the House, and read; setting'forth, that in Confidence of the Security, the Petitioners had in the Forts, Castles, Settlements, and joint Stock, of the said Company, they have lent them near£. 300,000, for which the Company have given Bond to their Creditors, who are above Six hundred Families, many of whom subsist fblely by the Interest of their Money: That the Company, labouring under great Lodes, and Difficulties, by the Wars, and several interfering Interests, own themselves-unable to pay the Petitioners. Debts, or Interest, as they used to do, and will be for ever incapable, if laid open-:

And praying, that in settling the Trade to Africa, Provision may be made, that the Company’s Effects, both

abroad,

Cent

jtfcci

frtla

ifSJil

8 Ann-

130 Febru.

c*

hu

Mint

Adventure

Company.

"3

'tt

3it

Court of

Justiciary,

Scotland.

abroad and at home, may be preserved, and appropriated ordinary Nature) Leave may be givtai to bfiojf Bill for Payment of the Petitioners Debts, which otherwise to transfer the Management and Government af the said may be loft by the present Contentions. Mines into such Persona, K shall be cfaofen by, and

Ordered, That the Confident ion of the said Petition be represent, the Creditors of the original Sum of£. 125,000 referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are and by the Annuities, granted in lieu thereof and by to consider further of the Trade to Africa. Bonds, and sealed Bills, and subject to such RAgufations,

with all necessary Provisions, for Payment of the Com* A Bill for discharging the Attendance of Noblemen, pany’s just Debts; and that the said Persons, complained Barons, and Freeholders, upon the Lords of Judiciary in of, may be excluded from acting in the Management of their Circuits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the said Mines, and may deliver overall Deeds, Writings, was read a Second time. Books, Accounts, and Effects, relating to the said Mines,

Rtfohtd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rayly, upon Oath, to the Persons, that shall be ebofen to Sir Gilbert Pickering, Sir Edward Ernly, Mr. Coatfatorth, manage the fame, and may make Satisfaction for their Sir Alexander Commins, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Farrtr, Management! and that the Petitioners may have such Mr. Campbell, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Law/on, Sir David other Relief (being remedileft elsewhere) as to the House Ramsey, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Diston, Sir Robert shall seem meet.

Eden, Mr. Prise, Mr. Carnegy, Mr. Scobe/l, Sir The. Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be Jaknfon, Mr. Aylmer, Sir Peter King, Mr. Walpole, Mr. referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Annflcy, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ben(on, Sir John Hawles, Sir Matter thereof, and report the feme to the House;

Cha. ‘Inner-, and all the Gentlemen, that serve for North And it is referred to Mr. Benfbn, Mr. a, Mr. Britain, and all of the long Robe: And they are to meet Aijlaby, Sir Rich. How, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Sharp, this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Sir John Awbry. Sir Edward Lawrence, Sir Robert Eden, Chamber. Sir Robinson Sir Gilbert Pickering, Sir John

house, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Norris, Mr. , Mr. White, Sir Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Windham, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Gale, Mr. Mr. Onslow, Mr. York,

Mr. Cecil/, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. GrraiU, Mr. Proby, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Barker, Sir Fra.

am.

A Petition of several Creditors, and Proprietors of Principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, on behalf of themselves, and several Widows and Orphans, Members, and Creditors,

of the Company of the said Mine Adventure, was pre- Mr. Buckingham, Mr. MouQon, Sir Edward Ernie, Mr.

Tented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Ball, Mr. , Lord Mr. Dvncombe,

Year 1698 the Petitioners, and others, advanced the Sum Mr. Masters, Mr. Annesley, Lord Powlet, Mr. Foley, ot'£. 1 a 5,000 for pure haling a Lease of Sir Carbery Price's Mr. Diston, Mr. Pitt -, and all, that serve for North and Mines, and for raising a Stock of £.20,000 for work- South Wales: and all, that come, are to have Voices: ing those Mines, not to be lessened by any Dividend: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock,

That by Indenture, dated the 3d of August, 1698, and in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for by Deed Poll, the ift October following, the Mines were Persons, Papers, and Records, divided into 4,008 Shares, and the Management thereof

was committed to a Governor for Life, and to Sir Hum-A Petition of the Retail Mercers, and Grocers, in the Mercer* and fry Macktvorth, Deputy Governor for Life, and to 12 Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, was presented to the Grocer* of Directors, to be annually chosen by the Majority of such House, and read; setting forth, that if a Stop be not 'Vi*u-Persons, act were entitled to Three or more Shares of the put to the retailing of Mercery and Grocery Waives,

4,008, in Trust, to pay £. 6 per Cent, to every Person, except those, that keep open Shop, the fairTrader* therein who bad advanced any Part of the said £. 125,000 until will be in Danger of Ruin, by many Persons, who of the Principal should be paid, out of the Profits arising late have taken upon them to fell those Commodities to by the Mines: That Sir Hnmfry Mackworth has acted as the Poor they employ, at what Rates they please, to the Deputy Governor ever since 1699, and he, with the lessening the Markets, and the Increase of the Poor’s Directors, has taken upon himself the Management of Books: And praying, that the said Grievance may be the Mines, and Stock, and hath actually received above redrafted, as the House shall think fit.

~ OrdThat the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

A Petition of divers principal Traders and Deafens in Linen Sfaau-the Linen Manufacture in the Town of , in f«Chire*.

the County of Latteafter, on behalf of themselves, and

£. 80,o«a in Trust for the Benefit of the Petitioners, and

others, who advanced the £.125,000. That.Sir Humfrj

Mackworth having great Numbers of the 4,008 Shares, and the Directors being impatient to wait for so remote Benefit, as the Profits of the Mines seemed to be after £.125,000 and the Petitioners being excluded from any several thousand Workmen, employed by them in the Vote in the Government, resolved to promote the Repu- said Trade, in the Town, and Parts adjacent, was pre-tation, and advance the Price of Shares, to procure an fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that for immediate and unjust Benefit to themselves; to attain divers Years past the said Town has returned, in Linen which, they have aChrd contrary to their Trust, and have Manufactures, several Thousand Pounds, and great Quan-misapplied the Stock, negfected the Works, not kept feir titles of foreign Flax, and Yarn, has been there used. Accounts, nor any annual Account balanced, but have besides the English Flax: That by the Encouragement, let all Things run into Confusion,. and rafufe to let the lately given, for importing Linen Cloth from Ireland, all Petitioners inspect their Bookstand transfer their Intrrefts, foreign' Flax, and Yarn, is advanced in Value, and much and have exceeded their Power, in making private Bar- less of the finer Sort imported, and foreign Cloth, by gains, and have, without good Authority, set up the Abatement of the Duties, uoder-fold. Bear a Fourth Part Mistery of banking, and used deceitful Means to procure of its usual Price; and by the Liberty granted to Credit, and have made undue Preference in Payment ef to export their Linen to the Plantations, Eight or Nine the Creditors, and have contracted great Debts with the Parts in Ten of our Exports thinher is abated; whereby Petitioners, and refuse to pay them, and have made illegal many Families have been ruined, and others forced to Demands upon fotrie Creditors, neither Members of the lay down their said Trade, which is in Danger of bring Corporation, nor Partners, under Pretence of a Power loft to the Petitioners, without fjoeedjr Remedy, if not of calling upon even the Creditors, to pay such other to the whole Kingdom; and that also, by Abatement af Creditors, as they shall thank fit; and in many other In- the Detfes* a groat Part of the Revenue is Withdraw!: fiances the said Sir HomJry Mackworth, amd the Directors, And praying, that act (feting Encouragement may be haree aCfced contrary to their Trust,-and Power; all which given to the Exportation of the English Manufacture of the Petitioners are ready to prove: And praying, that Lmew.

(in Canfi deration, the Matters aforesaid are of aw ext pa* Ordered, That the IfaitioH do He ttpOb- the Table.

V*i. 16. Ordered,

Beaumaris' EU&iou.

Insolvent

Debtors.

African

Trade.

Recruiting *he Army.

Kenaet

Navigation.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Beaumaris, be received upon Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, be read Tomorrow, at One a Clock.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Wm.Fowled took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Wm, Powlett reported from the Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that the separate Traders to may lay before the

Committee, a Scheme, for carrying on the Trade to Africa in a free and open Trade, with such Regulations, and Provisions, as may be for the Preservation of the Trade and Settlements, according to the Resolutions of the House.

Ordered, That the separate Traders to Africa do lay before this House, a Scheme, for carrying on the Trade to Africa in a free and open Trade, with such Regulations, and Provisions, as may be necessary for the Preservation of the said Trade, and maintaining the Forts and Settlements, according to the Resolutions of this House.

The Lord William Powlett also reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to move, that the Royal African Company may lay before the Committee, a distinct Valuation of each of their Forts and Settlements in Africa.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company do lay before this House, a distinct Valuation of each of their Forts and Settlements in Africa.

The Lord Wm. Powlett also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Walpole presented to the House (pursuant to their Address to her Majesty for that Purpose) An Account of the Number of Recruits, raised pursuant to the Act of Parliament, in the Year 1709, according to the Return into the Office of her Majesty’s Secretary at War.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

N°

Volunteers - - 1,087

Impressed Men - 5*845

Martis, 14 die Februarii’,

Anno 8* Annas Regina:, 1709.

Praye rs.

ORDERED, that Mr. Henry Bertie have Leave to Leare go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extra- Absenc*. ordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, and Vestry-men, of st. Saviour'* the Parish of St. Saviours, Southwark, was presented to Southwark, ’ the House, and read; setting forth, that by a Petition Vestry-lately presented to the House by divers Inhabitants of the said Parish, ’tis pretended, that they labour under great Grievance from the now Petitioners, whom they call a feled Vestry; and that the Petitioners are not Represen-tatives of the said Parish; though they are advised, the said Parish has been governed, Time out of Mind, by a Vestry, consisting of 30 Persons, Six whereof are Churchwardens; and that such a Constitution has been always found the most proper Method for the said Parish, and for the Benefit of the Inhabitants: And praying, that they may be heard before the Committee, to whom the said Petition is referred, by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, according to the Prayer of their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Flzrra-(according to Order) presented to the House, Supply Bill; a Bill for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excile, Excise and upon several imported Commodities, and for efta- butie*. blishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to raise Ten hundred thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities, and, in default thereof, by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, to prevent Briber}', Bribery at Corruption, and other indirect Practices, in electing of Elections. Members, to serve in Parliament; and that Mr. Freman,

Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Harley, Lord Cartings by, Mr.

Coatsworth, Mr. Campion, Mr. Hampden, and Sir David Dalrymple, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for making the Laws, for repairing the High- Law*relating ways, more effectual, was (according to Order) read the to Highway*. First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, was Insolvent (according to Order) read the First time. Debtors.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next, in a full House.

Which - 6,912

At the Rate of £.4 each Man, amounts to") the Sum of - -

R. Walpole.

27,648.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Owen, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Denton, Mr. , Mr. Bristow, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Chambers, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Ball, Lord Lumley, Mr. Gott, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Ketmet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in the County Debtor*

and City of Norwich, and in the Counties of Norfolk Petlt, ons‘ and Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Ruin of themselves and Families, through Lolles in Trade in a Time of War, is the principal

Cause of the Petitioners Confinement, and Incapacity to pay their whole Debts to their Creditors; however are willing to part with their All, for their Enlargement:

And praying the Compassion of the House, for their Liberty on such Terms, as shall be agreeable to the Wisdom of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in the County of Derby was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that several of them have been Prisoners near 14 Years, the former Acts, intended in Favor of them, falling short of procuring their Enlargement: That the Petitioners are not only deprived of all Necessaries for

24 human

fit 0 'liui

h,

!?j

0 Februarii.

8 Ann. 14* — 15

human Life, bat also of the holy Ordinances of publick Devotion, a Hardship unknown to her Majesty’s Subjects in North Britain: That this House being the national Sanftaary of all her Majesty’s Subjects in Distrefi, the Petitioners pray such parliamentary Relief as to the Wisdom of the First glorious Union Parliament of Great h* Britain shall seem meet.

u'"" Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

.a Privilege. Ordered', That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon the Petitions of John Fur bet, and others. Creditors of the Earl of Kildare, and of George Rodney Bridges, and Richard Baggott, Esquires, Executors of the said Earl, be receiveaTo-morrow Morning.

>(J he of A Bill to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, was ! (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir j Ashhurjt, Mr. Nevill, Sir Peter Mr. Farrer, Sir

[ Wm. Whit lock, Mr. Monblon, Mr. Cursen, Sir fVm.

Hufller, Mr. Walpole, Sir Sam. Sir Gilbert

Bickering, Mr. Ball, Mr. Hacks, Lord Mr.

Farrington, Mr. Moor, Mr. Mr. Mount ague,

I Mr. Barker, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Mr.

Difion, Mr. Carnege, Mr. Gale, Mr. Chare hill, Mr. White, Mr. Jeffries, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Ward, Mr. Ire ton, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Whitchcot, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. 'Fopham, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Nicholl, Mr. Dockminique,

Mr. Harley, Lord Windsor, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Tkornhsghi Mr. Manat on; and all, that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster; and Counties of Surry and Middlesex:And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to oblige all Meal and Flour, brought to the Cities oi London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and weekly Bills ' of Mortality, to be sold in the publick Markets.

Dili* A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty,

of the Miftcry of Bakers, of the City of London, and of the Bakers, inhabiting within the Suburbs of the said City, and also the Bakers of the City, and Liberty of the City, of Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, wherein is contained divers Clauses, which, if passed into a Law, will be impracticable for any, using the Bakers Trade, and be of no Advantage to the Publick: And praying, that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be referred to the Consideratkm of the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Fraudulent A Bill to prevent the making, or using, fraudulent

Coopers Coopers Vessels, was (according to Order) read the First

Vessel*. time.

Rcfclvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Restraining A Bill for restraioing the buildingrupon newFounda-Euildings. tions, in the Cities of London and Westminster, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. MedlLcatt, Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Diflon, Mr. Sir

Wm. AJUiurst, Sir Cha, Turner, Mr. Ducket, Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Norris, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Hern, Mr. Hux, Mr. Harley, Mr.

I/seton, Sir Edzcard Ernie, Mr. Herne, Mr. MoHjon, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Sherard; and all that serve for the Counties of Hereford'KWorcester, and Middlesex i And Yo 1. 16,

3*3

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Parting whom the Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Ac- Sheriff* counts, was committed, be received upon Friday next, Accounts‘ at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill for veiling the Estate and Cegg> Delta. EffeCls of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths, and Co-partners, in Trustees, for the speedicr Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon, be read upon Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock.

A Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, an Edition# Act for the better enabling the Mailer, Wardens, and Light-house^ Assistants, of Trinity-house, to rebuild the Light-house on the Edyflone Rock, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Walter Tonge, Mr. Gale, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Mr.

Corrance, Mr. Herne, Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir Wm, St.

Quintht, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Prist, Sir John Mr. Page, Mr. JeJfop, Mr. Manley, Sir Harvey Mr. Sharp, Sir John Rennet, Mr. Watson, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Wort ley. Sir Tho. Parker, Sir Gilbert Heathcott,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gott, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Ball, Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Chambers; and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and the Sea-ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuriiy 15* die)

Anno 8* Ann® Reginas, 1709.

Craters.

AB I L L to enable the Trustees of the last Will and

Testament of Thomas Hobbs, Doctor in Physick, Jomtur*' deceased, with Abraham Weeks, Esquire, to make a Jointure upon the Wife of the said Abraham Weeks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Wm.

Powlett, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Brydges, Mr.

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Moor, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Norris, Mr. Burrard, Mr.

Chandler,- Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Ferrier, Mr.

Mr. Szvinfen, Mr. Watson, Mr. , Mr. Jervoise,

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Monfun, Mr. Bacon,'

Mr. Coatfworlh, Mr. Halsey, Mr.; and all,

that serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five d Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Meridale, Wm. Sheppard, Geo. FornWH Chapped, John Roobard, John Edwin, Eliz. Chadd, Widow,

Thomas Hattum, and John King, and others, on behalf of themselves and others, Landholders, Farmers, Labourers, and Inhabitants, of several Parishes near adjoining to the Highway between Fornhill, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in an Act of Parliament, of the 5th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, a Toll was granted, for the repairing the said Highways, to continue for 21 Years; with Power to'

Trustees to borrow Money upon the Credit of the said Toll; and the Petitioners, being informed, the Fund was sufficient for that Purposei did by Direction of the Persons, employed by the Trustees, furnish Materials for the Repairs of the said Highways, whereby the said Toll is become indebted to the Petitioners £.6,448. 4/. Thai the Produce of the said Toll is found to be insufficient for' railing Money, to Pay the Petitioners, and answer the Ends of the said Act t And praying, that Leave may btf

4&

Huntingdon

Registrjr*

H&mond’s

Eliate.

Leftwithiel

Return.

Liverpool

Dock.

Leave to

attend the Lords.

Seven-oakes

Roads,

Catwater

Harbour.

Buttons and Button-boles making.

Portsmouth, &c. Fortification*.

5*4

15° Febmarii.

A. 1790.

given to bring in a Bill to make fhfe said Act more effectual for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; aftd that Mr. Hampden, Mr. Dolben, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for the publick registering all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances* that shall be made of, or that may asse<ft, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Huntingdon, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Manley presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to enable Trustees to fell some fenny Lands in the County of Huntingdon, and Cambridge, Part of the Estate of Anthony Hamond, Esquire, and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof} and the feme was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do immediately attend this House with the Return for the Borough of Leftwithiel, in the County of Cornwall.

t

Sir Thomas Johnson reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for making a convenient Dock or Docks, at Leverpoo/e, for the Security of all Ships, trading to and from the said Port of Leverpoole, was committed j that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the feme in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That General Erie have Leave to attend the Lords, to be examined in a Matter depending before their Lordships, if he thinks (it.

An ingrossed Bill for the repairing and amending the Highway, leading from Seven-oakes to IV00dfgate and -!Tonbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for the repairing and amending the Highways, leading from Seven-oakes to Woodsgate and Tonbridge Wells, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for clearing, preferring, and maintaining, the Harbour of Cutwater, lying near Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for clearing, and keeping clean, the Pool, commonly called Sutton Pool, lying in Plymouth aforesaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase; and that the Title be. An Act for clearing, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Catwater, lying near Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for cleansing, and keeping clean, the Pool, commonly called Sutton Pool, lying in Plymouth aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for employing the Manufacturers, by encouraging the Consumption of raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An Account of the Proceedings of the Commissioners* appointed by her Majesty’s Letters Patents to treat and agree for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall be judged proper to be purchased, for the better fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich', and also,

An Abstract of the total Sums, for Purchase of Lands,

6sV. at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Account, and Abstract, do lie tipon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account, and Abstract, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Freman presented to the House (according to Bribery at Order) a Bill for preventing Bribery, Corruption, and Elections, other indirect Practices, in electing of Members, to serve in Parliament} and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that the Deputy of the Leftwithiel High Sheriff of Cornwall attended, according to Order; Return, and the Clerk of the Crown attending with the Return for the Borough of Leftwithiel-, the Sheriff’s Deputy was called in, and examined touching the not making the said Return before the Seventh Day of February instant:

And also the Serjeant’s Messenger was called in, and gave an Account of the Service of the Order of the House upon the High Sheriff, and of a Letter, sent by him to the Clerk of this House: Which Letter was produced, and read.

And one Mr. Roger Couch, attending, was called in, and examined touching the Mayor of Leftwithiel his fending the Indenture of Return for the said Borough to the Sheriff; who acquainted the House, that the Mayor sent the Return the Afternoon of the Election Day.

Ordered, That Paul Orchard, Esquire, High Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, do attend at the Bar of this House upon this Day Fortnight.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Address for That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, fending Duke that (he will be pleased to fend the Duke of Marlborough ^ar{* forthwith into Holland, where his Presence is absolutely Holland.* necessary, as well to attend the Negotiations, now frton Foot, in relation to a Peace, as to hasten the Preparations for an early Campaign, being the most effectual Way to difoppoint the Artifices of our Enemies, and to procure a safe and honourable Peace for her Majesty, and her Allies;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the Yeas, },54.

Tellers for the Noes, }'0'-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution;

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Boyle, General Stanhope, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Lech-niere, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Strickland, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Compton, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Diston, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Cowper, Mr.

Offley, Mr. Cox, Sir Hen. Peachy, Earl of Hertford, Mr.*

Onflov), Mr. Methwen, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Campion, Sir John Hawles, Sir Gilb. Heathcott, Sir John Awbry, Mr.

Wilde, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Nevill, Sir John Holland,

Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Watson, Mr CraggsAnd they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that he was directed by her Majesty to lay before this House, pursuant to an Act, of the last Session of Parliament,

if

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to her Majesty |"pc^ BiB new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Com- D*^r modifies, and for estabUffiing a yearly Fund thereby,

and

tr

r ©n

i'Pn

W

toil

'lift.

M

U

1

J

8 AnN; i5° — 16°. Februarii. S x 5

and by other Ways and Means, to raise Ten hundred tfibulhnd Pounds by Sale of Annuities, and, in Default thereof, by mother lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

keports from Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee o^ Committee Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the tf Privileges. Borough of Beaumaris, and upon the Petitions of John Forbet;and others, Creditors of the Earl of , and

of George Rodney Bridges, and Richard Esquires,

Executors of the said Earl, be received upon Friday

Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

iw. -

Jovisy 16* die Februarii;

Masters, or Governors, of the Mi fiery and Commonalty Barbers ani of Barbers and Surgeons, London, and for the better re- Surgeons gulating the said Company, was read the Fiift time. ompaay.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time*

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

_ r , v (Mr. Medlicott, )

Tellers for the Yea5,}Mr Guy bon:j 33-

T)l p, xr (Lord Wm. \ , Tdlm for the Noes, Jsir Dmm. ' 76.

So it.passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom he several St. Saviour’s, Petitions; relating to the Parish of St. . South- Southwark,

wark, is referred, do, after Tomorrow, fit die in Veftl7; diem; and that the Petitioners be heard Joy their Counsel, if they think fit.

Debtor*

I'suuon.

Anno 8* Annre Regin*, 1709.

P* AYERS.

A PETITION of the poor insolvent Debtors in the Gaol of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have many Years laboured under Confinement; and by the Dearness of Corn are reduced to a starving Condition, far worse than the poor Palatines; and of Ncceftity must become a Sacrifice to their merciJefs Creditors, who will accept of no other Satisfaction, but the Petitioners Lives, for want of Eflefts to pay them: And praying the House to take their deplorable Cale into Consideration, and to relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, be read a Second time.

it Saviour’s, A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Southwark, Saviours, Southwark, in the County of Surry, paying y* Scotland Lot, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, that fewral Inhabitants of the aforesaid Parish, have petitioned the House, for abolishing the present Settlement of the said Parish, which for many Years hath centered in a Vestry, of Thirty Persons, whose Proceedings have been to the greatest Advantage of the said Parish, and freed them from the Inconveniences of neighbouring Parishioners: And praying, that they nny be heard by Counsel, fur preserving the present Establishment.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Parish of St. South-

wark, is referred.

Fomhill Mr. Hampden presented to the House (according to Road. Order) a Bill for makingjnore effectual the Act for repairing the Highway between in the County of

Bedford, and StoneyStratford, in the County of and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lord Gor- . An ingrossed Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of manfton’s Anthony Lord Viscount Gtrmanfon, for Payment of his

Eiiau. Debts, and for settling a Jointure, and a Maintenance,

for Margaret VifcouiUefs in lieu of a Rent-

charge, payable to her out of the said Viscount’s Estate, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Antho. Lord Viscount Gormanflon, for Payment of his Debts, and for securing a Jointure,- and a Maintenance, for Margaret Viscountess Gormanflon, in lieu ol a Rent-charge, payable to her out of the said Viscount’s Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. M do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for incorporating the Peruke-makers with the Vol. IG.

Ordered, That Mr. Curfon, and Sir Edmund Denton, R«rtmining be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for re- Buildings, draining the Building upon new Foundations, is committed.

A Bill for the better preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for the Re- Fi&eryj gulation and Government of the Company of Fishermen of the said River, was read a Second rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Poultney,

Sir Lambert Blackwell, Mr. Dolbtn, Mr. Lawson, Sir John Bennet, Mr. Norris, Sir Robert Corbett, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Barker, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Ireton, Sir Cha. Cox, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Bacon, Sir Fran.

Colonel Mor don. Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Hampden, Sir Harvey Elzves, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Hern, Mr. Chom-ley. Sir Wm. AJburJl, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Burridge, Mr. HutchMr. Ball, Sir

Edward Ernley, Sir Tho. Palmer, Mr. Duncomb; and all that serve for the Counties of Essex, Kent,

Surry, Sussex, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Commonalty, and Fishermen, of the ancient Town of Rxe, in the County of Sussex (which was laid upon the Table, till that Bill was read a Second time) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that it be aninstruction to the said Committee, that they receive a Clause, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Bo- Sele<3 tolph, without Bishopsgate, London, on behalfof themselves, Vestri*a< and others, paying Scotland Lot, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that 27 Persons have for several Years past, under the Name of a select Vestry, assembled themselves -, and by an arbitrary Power raise Money upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and clandestinely apply Part of it amongst themselves, as they think fit; and take upon them to chuse into, and dispose of, the parish Offices, without any Regard to Order, or common Justice; by which means they influence the Electors for Parliament, as Experience has shewn; and in time may tend to the utter Subversion of the Petitioners Liberty, and is a notorious Oppression and Grievance upon them: And praying, that the same may be redrefied.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate all select Vestries within the weekly Bills of Mortality j

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for, ha J 4-

Tellers for Ihe Noes,) thrift }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered,

3*0

16* Fbbmarii.

Security of Queen's Psrtbn, See*

Ordered, That Mr. Bather, Str> Me,

Qpatfmrth, Mr. Bribe#., Mn Xkmpfon, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Atflin, and Mf. Ckonriey, do prepare, and bring in*, thfi fttt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a Bill to explain and enlarge an Act, made, in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intifuledi An Act for the better Security of her Majesty’s, Eerfoo and Government; and thjit Mr. Solfeifor Gen«wJ, Sir Jprnes. CatqpbeU, Mr* At-

A. 1709.

|sj.

Trfkn for.be Noes,

So it war resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That, the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the find Address.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert do carry the said

Address to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mf. Lowndes (acording to Order) presented to the

Privilege in

Suit jg&ioft

Member.

tohiey General* Mr- Garnpgy, Sir David Dalrimple, Sir House, An Account, shewing what publick Funds are David Ramsey, and Sir AJfiean^'v prepare, now in being, how far they are incumbered, and what

and bring in, the Bill. s«e». or are not* appropriated

And the Title of the said Account was read A CorupJajnt. bring made. to the House, that John , That the said Account do lie upon the Table*

Qordpjt, Esquire, (aMtmber, of, this, House) hath been, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said-Account is boundug with the other of this Session.

A Petition of Samuel Sheppard, John Lambert, and John James David, of London, Merchants, and John Mead, of London, was presented to the House, and read;

Security of Kents.

during thfi fitting of Parliament* fijed in, North Britain, in a civil Action, at the Suit of one James Smith, and that he hath proceeded the Length of a Charge of Horaing. apef Denunciation, in Brehch of the Privilege Qfcthf Hpufe.-,

Ordered, Thjit it ,bq referred to the Committee ofiPri-vileges and Elections; and that they do examine the setting forth, that in Augtfl, 1708, the Petitioners bought Matter of the said Complaint, and report the fame, with 23 Tuns Jof French prized Wines, condemned, lying th^rOpinion therein, to the Hqufe. at Ptnryn, for which their Agent at Falmouth drew Bills

for 1,050 payable to the Receiver General of her Ma- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for jesty’s Custpms, for the Duties of those Wines; 20 Tuns the better Sepurrty of Rents, and to prevent frauds, com- and Three Hogsheads whereof were shipt on board the

milted, by Tenants; and that Mr. Mr.

Jon do prepare, and bring iri, the Bill?

Address for fending Duke of Mal-botough to Holland.

Neyj Topflfam^&t Falmouth, bound for London, in October following, under Convoy of the Dover and but was taken by a French Privateer off Beachy Head, in Sir Gilbert Ueathcott reported from the Committee, Sight of thp, Sundirlaud, and carried \nto CaUais, where appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to her the Ship, and Wines, were fold: That the Petitioners Majesty, upon the Resolution of the House Yesterday; have applied to the Lord Treasurer; and been referred to that they had drawp Up an Addre^ accordingly, which the Commissioners. of the Customsj who have reported they had directed him to report to the House: Which to his Lordship, that it was a compassionate Cafe; but heVead in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same the Duties being appropriated, and the Law not having in at the-Clerk’s Table; where it w^s tvyice read, and is provided for such'Accidents* they-i

1 a M /N A- % An T 4*

as followeth; viz.

-were of opinion, it was not in, his Lordship’s- Power to give the Petitioner Relief; but his Lordship ordered Prosecution to be Most gracious Sovereign, stayed on the Bills of Exchange, tp give the Petitioners-

WEj Your Majestyls most dutiful and loyal Subjects, an Oppqrtunity of applying to the Parliament for Relief: the Commons, in Parliament assembled, haying Reafoa That, the Exporter of any Merchandize, for which the; to believe, that the Negotiations of Peace will suddenly Duties have been paid, is* upon Proof, that the same be renewed in Holland, arid being justly apprehensive were at loll at Sea, or taken by the Enemy, allowed to of the crafty and insinuating Deligns of our Enemies, to ship off the same Quantity of Goods Cudom-free; which create Divisions among your Allies, or, by amusing them the Petitioners conceive^to be near a parallel same with

with deceitful Expectations of Peace, to retard their Preparations for War, do think ourselves bound in Duty most humbly to represent to your Majesty, of how great Importance ,we conceive it is to the Intered of the common, Cause, that the Duke of Marlborough should be abroad at this, critical Juncture.

We cannot but take this Opportunity to express our

theirs, and within the Rcafcn of the- Law: And praying, that they may be admitted to import as many1 Cudomable Wines Cudom-free, as will amount to the Duties of the said Wines* taken by the French, or be otherwise relieved in relation to the said Duties.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the

Senseof the great and unparalleled.Services of the Duke Matter thereof, and report the same to the House; of Afarlbfir9Hgh#andwitfeall.imaginable Duty to applaud A J ! c J " K*~ IiJ ~1 c" your, ,great Wisdom, in.-having honoured the fame Peribfli ,with the great/Characters of General and Pkniwteori^ry, who, in.our, humble Opinion, is most capable of.discharging Xwo, suchimportant Truds.

\Ve theflefors, make j it our humble Roquest to your M^jvdy* that you would be pleased to order the Duke of

And it is referred.to Mr. Ward, Sir Peter King, Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Cleave Moor, Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Bland,' Mr. Nevill, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Amefley, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Farrar, Mr. Foot, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Page, Mr. Dtflon, Mr. Hetnt,. Mr. Skuttleworth, Mr. Duneombe, Mt. Ba~ thurst, Mr, Bertie, Mr. Lowndes; and all for the Coun-'

Marlborough'p immediate Departure for Holland; where ties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this h^s, Pretence will bc.equally necessary to affid at the Ne- Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chatn-gptiations, of Peace* agd to.haden the Preparations for an ber.

early Campaign; which will most effectually disappoint the Artifices of dur. Enemies* and procure a safe and honourable Peace for your Majesty,-and your Allies.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

A Bill for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Ex-cife, and uponfeveral imported Commodities,- and forv establishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways' _ w and, Means, to raiseTen hundred Thousand Pounds by;

That the House do agree with the Committftcrin the said Sale of Annuities, and, in Default thereof,- by another

Address, to be presented to bee Majp.fey.» The House divided:

The.Noes go forth;

Tc.teforthcY^[^d0^-to>

no*

Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710, was (accord* ing. to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

Stale

Publi*

Fund*.

Captured

Wines.

Supply BHU

Exsife

Duties.

9

8 Ann.

i 6" Februarii.

3*7

Refohtd, That this House will* Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

African The House being informed, that Persons of the Royal

Forts and African Company, and also some separate Traders to Settlements. Africa, attended, according to Order;

The Persons of the Royal African Company were called

in, and they, at the Bar, pre&nted to the House, A drttondt Valuation of the Forts and Settlements On the Coasts of Africa, belonging to the Royal African Com* papy of England:

And being withdrawn;

The Title of the said Valuation was read.

And the Valuation is as follofttth; viz.

IN Obedience to the Order-of the honourable the Commons of Groat in Parliament assembled, to the

Royal African Company of England, requiring the said Company to lay before them a distiod Valuation of their Forts and Settlements in Africa,

The said Company do humbly offer the following Estimates of each of their said Forts and Settlements upon the

Coast q{ Africa:

tft.

Cabo Cttrfo Castle, bought of the farmer Company.

The Fortification of confiRs Out-Works, Platforms, and Bastions; and has been enlarged with fieW Buildings, and made regular, by the present Company, with Brick, Lime, and Tar fas; was Seven Years a doing; having Apartments for the Director General, Factors, Writers, Artificers, and Soldiers; Magazines, Warehouses, Storehouses, Granaries, Guard-rooms, Two large Water Tanks, or Citterns, built of Brick and Tairas, lent from England, and holding about zoo Tons; Repertories to contain 1,000 Negroes, and Vaults for Ruth; Work-houses for Smiths, Armourers, and Carpenters; 74 great Guns, small Arms, Soldiers Coats, BlunderbuBes, Buccaneer Guns, Ptttols, Cartouch Boxes, Swords, and Qudafles; Ammunition for great and small Arms; Stores and Tools for Brick-makers, Bricklayers, Smiths, Carpenters, Coopers, Surgeons, Armourers, Gunners, and Gardeners; a complete Chapel j Pinnaces and Canoes, attending on the Castle and Garison, and for -fetching and carrying Materials for building and Stores, to and from the out Factories.

This Castle is situate in Fettue, the Residence of the Company’s General, who manages their Trade and Alliances, with the several Kingdoms; and opens a Trade to Cabejierroe, and

Ark ant a, Cuffera, Downkra, and AJbanttc; and is a Repository of Goods, for Supply of all the Factories: It has Gardens and Grounds, producing all Necessaries; as Plantanes, Bonanoes, Pine Apples, Potatoes, Yamcs, Com, Colworts, Cabbages, and all other European Refreftiments, for the Factories, and Shipping; tlfo Ponds of fresh Water; and the Castle is a Security for all Ships on the Road; and by small Vessels taking in Cargoes, and Directions, from thence, to carry on the Trade to Windward, at these several Places; viz. Cape Mount, , River C$qs, oar.-

guinee, Sujo, Cettra Crew, IVappo, Grand Cetlra, Cape Palmas, on the Coast,

and Ta/tow Petera, Drewin, and River Andrea, Red Cliff , Cape Labow, Jack and

Jack, Bafham, Ashanee, Abbunee, Cape Apolonia; and to Leeward, as far as the River,

and Old and New Calabar; whereby a considerable Trade has been preferred, and carried 00, to the Vent of 60 to 70,000 per Annum in Goods and Merchandize: All which, lo circumftaa-tiated, is valued at

2d.

Fort Royal, bought of the Danes by the present Company for £.4,597. 4/.

This Fort is alfiltant to the Defence and Security of Cape Coefl, and Shipping in the Road; a ad other Charges since (lands the Company in double that Sum - ..

3d-.

Queen Ann's Point, in Saboe, built for the Security of Cape Coast, and for purchasing of Corn,

Slaves, and Gold: Valued at- ——

4th.

Commenda Fort, built by the present Company. The Fortification is Four-square, with Four Bastions, and a Tower; and contains Lodging Rooms and Apartments for the chief Factors, and Soldiers; Magazines, Storehouses, a Tank, or large Cistern, made with Brick and Taitas, fenjt from England; and a Negro House, for 150 Negroes; ai great Guns, with small Arms, Stores,

and Ammunition, for great and small Guns; with the Charge.of Vessels and Canoes attending the building of this Fort, which was Four Years. This Fort (lands in the Kingdom of Agnaffoe, and opens a Trade to the Kingdom of Cufferoes, Dankareet, Aflsantees, Arkenia, and

Abrambo, for Gold, Slaves, Teeth, and Palm Oil: It was built at a very great Expenoc:

Valued at ----- - lb, OQ3

5th.

Annamaboe Fort, built by the present Company, The Fortification consist? of Flankers tod Out-works; Lodging Rooms and Apartments for the chief Factors, and Soldiers; Magazines and Storehouses; 12 great Guns, Small Arms, Blunderbusses, Soldiers Coats, (Ac. Ammunition for great Guns and small Arras; Canoes, (Ac.attending the Building, and Girifon; a Tank, or large Cistern, made with Brick and Tarras, sent from England; with a Negro House, for tyo Negroes. This Fort is situate in the Fanteens Country, and opens a Trade to Fanteen, Braman,

Among, and Akim, Capefleraes, and Arcania, for Gold, Corn, Palm Oil, and Oyster Shells; also

a very great Trade for Slaves: Valued at

6th.

Succondee Fort, built by the present Company, in the Antee Country, and near the Adoomt, near a Dutch Fort; once taken and destroyed, by Negroes; hired by the Dutch West India Com* pany, and the rebuilding thereof afterwards interrupted by the same Interest; but since rebuilt, and fortified. The Fortification has Ten great Guns, small Arms, and Stores; and also Lodging Rooms and Apartments for the chief Factors, and Soldiers; Magazines, and Storehouses; with a Tank for Water, made with Brick and Tarras, font from; and a Negro Houfo,

lor 100 Negroes. It affords a great Trade in Slaves, Gold, and Teeth: Valued at - l,0oo -> -

7th.

IVinmbch Fort, built by the present Company. The Fortifications has Four Bastions, Outworks, Anartments for the chief Factors, and Soldiers; Magazine?* Guard Rooms, a Tank, or

Yofc. iC. 4 L krge

£ d.

- 100,000 -

9,19*

tficto — —

12,000 -

1

3 r8

16° Februarii. 1709.

African iarge Cistern, made with Brick and Tarras, sent from England; a Negro House, for ico Negroes;

Settlements 6reat Guns, small Arms, Cutlafi'es, Soldiers Coats, and Ammunition for great Guns and small Arms. This Fort (lands in the Queen of Angus Country, and opens a Trade to Ackim for Gold and Slaves; and has a River of fresh Water, to supply the Ships; alfoTimber, and Oyster Shells, for repairing the Forts: Value ——

8th.

Dix Cove Fort was built by the present Company, and is situate in the Antee Country. The Fortification, being Four-square, has Four Bastions, with 10 great Guns, small Arms, and Stores; and also Lodging Rooms and Apartments for the chief Factors, and Soldiers; Magazines, and Storehouse; which opens a considerable Trade to Axhn, and

Ashantee, Inland Countries, for Gold,. Teeth, Slaves and Corn; and furnishes Timber, for Repair of Ships, and Factories, and Water for Shipping; also Lime-stone, and a Place for careening small Vessels; 'Sind a Tank, or large Cistern, made with Brick and Tarras, sent from , for firelh

Water; a Negro House, to hold too Negroes. This Fort lies between the Dutch and burgh Forts, which is valued at -

9th.

Accra Fort, built by the present Company. The Castle is Four-square, and has a Tower, Bastion, and Out-works; Apartments for the chief Factors, and Soldiers; Magazines, Guard-, rooms, and a Tank, or large Cistern, made of Brick and Tarras, sent from England; a Negro House, for 150 Negroes; 26 great Guns, small Arms, Blunderbuffes, and Ammunition for great Guns and small Arms, and Stores for Artificers. This stands in the Kingdom of and opens

a Trade to Quambo, Ackim, and Acquawoa, for Gold, Slaves, Teeth, and Salt; and stands near to both Dutch and Danes, and is a Place of very great Trade, especially for Gold: Valued at -

£. s.

12,000 -

20,000 -

10th.

William's Fort at Whidab, built by the present Company; and hath Out-works, a Moat, and Apartments for the chief Factors, Artificers, and Soldiers; and Magazines, arid Storehouses; a Guard-room, and Negro House, and 21 great Guns, and small Arms; Ammunition for great Guns and small Arms; Stores for Artificers; and is situate in the Kingdom of Whidah; which prevents the Dutch and French from engrossing the whole Trade of that Kingdom, and produces

great Supplies of Negroes; Valued at - -- - 15,000 -

nth.

York Island and Fort, in the River Shtrbrow, in the Kingdom of Sherbrew, fortified with great Guns; and having Apartments for Factors, Officers, and Soldiers; Warehouses, small Arms, and Ammunition; commands the Trade of that River, which supplies this Nation with Redwood; which, when the Company had the Trade, and not;interrupted by separate Traders, was bought of the Natives at -f of the Price it now costs. This Fort was built by the Company; and from hence, and Parts adjacent, was carried on a considerable Trade for Redwood, Elephants Teeth, and some Negroes; which, so circumstantiated, the Company values at ----- 6,000 — —

- 12th.

Bence Island, and the Island of Tajfa, in the River of Sera Leone. On the First was a Castle, fortified; but in this War was plundered by the French, and not yet resettled. From those Places, and Parts adjacent, was carried on a good Trade for Elephants Teeth, and Negroes. The Propriety thereof valued at- ——

13th.

James Fort, and Island, in the River Gambia; the Island walled round; Out-works, great Guns, small Arms, and Stores; formerly mounted with 90 great Guns; with several Warehouses, Rooms for Factors and Officers; Work-houses for Smiths, and other Artificers; by means whereof, together with the Agreements with the several Kings of that Country, the Company have heretofore enjoyed the Trade of that River upwards of 300 Leagues, with Settlements and Factories at the Places following; viz.Barracunda, Alunjugar, JamaJJar, Geregia, Tankerwall, Jovy, Sangrigo, Fin-tan, Gelli/ree, Barrafatt, Furbrow, Cumbo, and Benyoun, all within that River; and the Factories of

Portodella, Joallee, Felan, and Bajfally, without the said River; and by Sloops and Vessels, trad-

ing from the said James Island to Rio Pungo, Rio Nunez, Biflozu, and Catchow, Places adjacent to the said Island; by all which in the time of settled Trade they did receive a very considerable Income out of the Profit of that Trade, amounting to near 10,000 per Annum, clear of all Charges. It is acknowleged, that the said Fort, having been several times taken, and plundered, by the French, is not now in the same good Condition, as formerly; and therefore what might justifiably be valued at £.60,000 is now valued only at - -

14th.

Annijhan, Agga, Tantumquerry, Skidoe, Alampo, Five Factories on the Gold Coast, for purchasing Negroes, and Corn, and at some times a very great Vent for Goods, those now continued, being only and Shidoe, and the Property in the others: Valued at -

4,000 -

20,000 — —

2,000 — —

Total 238,194 -

15th.

The said Royal African Company crave Leave to lay before this House what other Estate they have on the Coast of Africa, and in the Plantations, the Preservation and Recovery whereof depends intirely upon their being in Possession of their Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, and the Trade to the Plantations; and, should they be diverted of either, they humbly represent, that the said Estate will be in the utmost Hazard of being loft: The Account of which is continued under the following Heads; viz.

100 Black Canoe Men, employed in the sundry Occasions.for Support of the Settle- £. ments and Factories, valued at £.40 each, being hard and seasoned Negroes - - 4,000

100 Blacks, instructed in mechanick Arts, as Smiths, Armourers, Carpenters, Coopers,

Bricklayers, Brick-makers, Masons, Stone-cutters, Sawyers, Gardeners, Linguifters, and Messengers, will yield in the Plantations £. too per Head.....10,00®

}Kn

i;#

A Tricon Trade.

4

8 Ann. i 6°Febru 3*9

500 Castle Slaves, as well for Labour, as Soldiery, at £.40 Head - 20,000

On the North Parts about 100 Grometloes, or Castle Slaves, for Canoes, and wo:Icing, valued at f. 40 per Head - - - " " 4>°°0

Debts owing from the several Kings, Caballiiers, and Traders, for Goods delivered to them on Credit - - - - " 18,000

Goods and Merchandize remaining in the several Factories, by the last Accompt - 52<4

Owing from the several Plantations - - - " - 7 *>123

£ '

J Africa*

Fort and StuUnttoti.

May it pleafo this honourable House to take into their serious Consideration the extraordinary Charge, that of nccelfity mud arise in the erecting, and preserving, such remote Buildings and Fortifications, by fending from hence Bricks, Tiles, Tairas, Lead, Iron-work, Boards, Timber, and all other Stores, Tools, and Materials, at great Freights; and in contracting with hiring, and transporting, Soldiers, Carpenters, Smiths, Bricklayers, Masons, and other Artificers, and from time to time supplying and recruiting the fame, as well by reason of the Insults, and LofTcs, during the War with as

also with France;the hiring of Vessels and keeping Ships

of Force upon Demurrage, for the Assistance and Protection of their Trade: To which may be added, the great Costs and Charges of obtaining Grants and Agreements, and making Alliances, with the several Kings, Queens, and great Men, of the Country, as well in order to make Settlements and build Forts, as to defend the Company against the sinister and undermining Designs of the European Competitors in that Trade.

From all which Considerations the Company do humbly hope, upon Examination, it will appear, that the foregoing Valuation, made by them of their Forts and Settlements, is moderate, jud, equitable, and reasonable.

By Order of the Court of Assistants of the Royal African Company of England, the 16th of February,

Richard Beaumont, Accomptant to the said Company.

Ordered \That the said Valuation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Then the separate Traders to Africa were called in> and, at the Bar, presented to the House their Scheme, for carrying on the Trade to Africa And being withdrawn;

The Title of the said Scheme was read.

And the said Scheme is as followeth; viz.

IN Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, of the 13th of February, 1709, the separate Traders to Africa do humbly lay before this House the under-written Scheme, for carrying on the Trade to Africa in a free and open Trade, with such Regulations and Provisions, as may be necessary for the Preservation of the said Trade, and maintaining the Forts and Settlements, according to the Resolutions of this honourable House.

1 ft, That in calc this honourable House shall judge it necessary, that the Traders to hould be incorporated, her Majesty may incorporate them accordingly, with such Powers, as shall be necessary, for enlarging the said Trade, and for the providing for incident Charges on extraordinary Occasions; so as every Subject of her Majesty may become a Member of such Corporation, upon paying such Fine, as this honourable House shall judge reasonable; and so as the Trade be preserved free and open, according to the Resolutions of this honourable House.

2d, That such Equivalent be given to the Royal African Company, for their Interest in the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, now in their Possession, as to this honourable House shall seem meet.

3d, That the said Forts and Settlements be veiled in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors.

4th, That her Majesty may appoint such Governors, and other Officers, and Soldiers, for the Defence of the said Forts and Settlements, from time to time, as to her Majesty shall fetm meet.

Vol. 16.

.479.555 ~ T-

th, That, for the enabling her Majesty to maintain such Forts and Settlements, as shall be necessary, for th^ carrying on and preserving the said Trade, and providing the Equivalent for the Royal African Company, the several Duties, appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of the late King William the 3d, of glorious Memory, intituled, "An Act for settling the Trade to ," to be paid by the Traders to and from Africa, for the Use of the said Royal African Company, for enabling them to maintain their Forts and Castles on the Coast of Africa, be, from the time of veiling the said Forts and Settlements in her Majesty, made payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors.

6th, That, in case the said Duties shall not be thought sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, a further Duty be jgranted to her Majesty out of the said Trade, or a Duty of per Head be laid upon all Negroes, to be imported into any of her Majesty’s Plantations, to be paid by the Importers, to continue for such Term, as to this honourable House shall seem meet.

7th, That, for the better enabling her Majesty to maintain the said Forts and Settlements, every Master of any Ship or Vessel, of the Burthen of too Tons, bound for the Coast of Africa, shall be obliged, if required, to take on board Tons of Provisions, Ammunition, Stores, Materials for building, and other Necessaries, for the Garisons of the said Forts and Settlements, and deliver the same at such of the said Forts and Settlements, as shall be directed, Freight-free; and shall be obliged to transporc Soldiers to any of the said Forts and Settlements, at per Head; and so every Master of any other Ship, in greater or lesser Quantities, and Numbers, in proportion to the Burthen of his Ship or Vessel.

8th, That the several Clauses, Provisoes, Restrictions, and Regulations, relating to the Trade to , in the said Act of the 9th and 10th of King William the Third, be continued.

9th, That all Persons be prohibited from planting Sugar Canes, Indico, Ginger, Cotton, and Tobacco, and other Plantation Commodities, in Africa, under such Penalties, as to this hononrable House shall seem reasonable.

10th, That all Persons be prohibited, under a Penalty, from carrying off any free Negroes wrongfully from Africa.

11 th. That all the Forfeitures, appointed by the said Act, of the 9th and 10th of William the 3d, be granted to her Majesty, for and towards the maintaining the said Forts and Settlements: reserving the reout such Part of them for the Informers, as this House shall judge proper.

12th, That no Governor, nor any other Officer, belonging to the said Forts and Settlements, so appointed by her Majesty, shall have the Liberty of the said Trade; nor any Merchant, or other Person whatsoever, shall load Negroes on board of any Ships or Vessels, but such, as belong to Great Britain, or the Plantations.

13th, That her Majesty, if Ihe thinks fit, may grant Licences to the Traders to Africa, as aforesaid, to supply the Spanish or Portuguez Settlements in America with Negroes, to be carried thither directly from the Coast of Africa.

If this foregoing Scheme do meet with the Approbation of this honourable House, we humbly conceive, that the African Trade, being thus immediately under her Majesty’s most gracious Protection, and the separate Traders to Africa freed from die Oppressions of the Royal African Company, will be very mych improved, and extended over all the Coast of Africa: For We humbly

hope.

16° — 170 Februarii. A. 1709.

hope, that,;iotwithstanding the Obstructions given to the said Traders by the African Company, and the DiXcou-ragements by this calamitous Wax, we haye clearly made it appear, that we have been the chief Support of the Plantations, by furnishing them with 3 constant Supply of Negroes; and that we neither want Ships, nor Abffity, to preserve the said Trade to And, for the further securing this Trade to Great Britain, we humbly offer, that having now in this Trade at least 70 Sail of Slips, and L. 500,000 Sterling, ’ijs impossible we Can desert this Tratfe, without a maDifeft Prejudice *0 our own Interest and Effects abroad.

And we humbly add further, that, whUft Great Britain produces Manufacturps, whilst produces (Gold,

and Slavps, and whilst our Plantations, And those of the Spaniards, want the labour 9f N^grpcs, the African Trade can never 'be lpft to Great Britain,

For the ipparafe Traders to Africa.

MJ. Hams,

Bum.

Ordered, That the said Scheme d,o lie upon the Table, to be per a fed by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock, refohre rtself into a Committee of the whole House. to consider further of thje Trade to Africa.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. George Bridget, junior, have Lem Absence. fogo into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Cojge’Debts. ’ A Bill for vesting the Estate and Effects of John Coggs, and John Pann, Go\$fay\.\p, and Co-partners, in Tru&ees,

for thp speedier Payment of their Creditor, and for determining Differences thereupon, was (according to Order) read the F<irft time.

jCefolvef, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That die BUI be read a Second time, upon Tuesday flowing n,eyt»

Leave of Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Whtan have Absence. Leave to go into the Country for ,a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions,

Copy Right _ Resolved, That this Hopfe will, upon 7of day Morn-of Books. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Encouragement of Learnings and for securing the Property of Copies to the right ml Owners thereof.

Lords con- Sir Gilbert Heathcot reported to the House, that he currence in had (according to their Order) been with the Lords, with Address. the Address, and desired their Concurrence thereunto; and left the Address with their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mprofog, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 170 die Februarii \

Anno S° Ann* Reginas, 1709.

Pr avers.

Rest ruining A PETITIO N of Mary Powell, Widow, Relict and Buildings. Jt\. Executrix of Thomas Powell, lately dsceased, was presented to the Hojjfe, and read} letting forth, that the said Thomas,2d July, 1694, purchased of the Earl of Thanet, a building Lease of 60 Years, of Thanet House, ancj Ground lying in A'd Street, London; and the said Earl procured an Act of Parliament, to enable him to grant such Lease: That (houlcj the Bill, nowin the House, for restraining the building upon newFoundatiops, in doi\ Westminster, pass into a Law, it may prove very prejudicial to the Petitioner’s interest; And praying, that the Powers, granted by the Lid Act, and Lease, nuy be saved by the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of tt>e said Petition be 18

referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Freeholders, and Berks other Inhabitants, of the 'Borough of New ,in

the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other-incumbrances, that shall be made of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenement*, or Hereditaments within die County of Berks: That there Are many final! Freeholds lying within the Lid Borough, which will toe liable to great Charges, as often as the same may happen to be sold, or assigned, by reason df their great Distance from such publick Register: And praying, that Prowfion may be made in the said Bill, for registering Conveyances of their Lands in the Court of Record, kept in the Lid Borough,

Ordered, That the Conrlideration of the said Petition toe referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the poorPri Toners for Debt in the County Pcbtm* of Savterfet, on behalf of themselves, and all others, and . Pennon, those in the City-of Brijhd ', Avas presented to the House,

And read} setting forth, that, notwithstanding the Prayers and Tears of the Petitioners Wives and Children to their Creditors, for their Enlargement, upon delivering up £heir Act, yet nothing wiH prevail with them, but an Act of Parliament: And praying, that the House wiH consider their Condition, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Freemen, of the ancient Sony Borough of Kingston upon Thanes, in the County of Reyury. Surry, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the said Borough is a Corporation by Prescription, and by ancient Charter have the Return of all Writs within the whole middle Division of the said County, and have a Court of Record, for trying all Causes within the holding of the Session* of the Peace for the said Corporation, and the levying of Fines, and suffering Recoveries, of Lands within the Corporation; and have also a proper Office for the registering, and keeping the Records of, and entering, Leases and Grants from the said Corporation, which is very convenient, and sufficient for that, or any other Matter of the like Nature; and that thoiaid Town is the principal Market Town of the said County, and lies almost in the Center of it, and by the River of Thames, and is most commodious for the Management of any publick Business of tire said County: That there being 9 Bill now depending in the House, for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of any Honours, Manors

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surry,. the Petitioners pray, that, in case the Bill do pass, some Provision may be therein made, that the Deeds and Conveyances of Houses and Lands within the Lid Corporation, and their Jurisdiction, may be registered in the said Corporation, by some proper Officer, to be appointed for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

Regers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords havecommanded us to acquaint this House,

that their Lordships have agreed to the Address of this 0 ‘ House, with one Amendment, vizby filling the Blank with the Words, " Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

" and

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An »rtV.'»p* Act for repairing the Highways between the House tu" commonly called the Hoifejhoe House, in the Parish of

- - Stoke

feva

U

1

1

b’;

l\t

fc#

t

8 Ann.

1 j* — 18* Fehruarit. 3 ® t

Stoke Goldington^if the Ooqnty of Ifaht, tpid the Town of Northampton, without any Amendment,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Scotch Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Equivalent. Majesty, that (he will pl«»fe to direct the Commissioners of the Equivalent to lay before this House, an Account of what Sums of the Equivalent have been by them issued and paid, and to what Uses; and what Part thereof doth still remain in their Hands.

Ordered.\That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as yc of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Sabbat/, 18* die Februarii;

Anno 8* Annr Reginse, 1709.

Prayers.

SI R Robert Eden presented to the House (according Leverpoole to Order) a Bill to enable the Corporation of Lever- Waterworks. pool to make a Grant to Sir Cleve More, Baronet, for Liberty to bring fresh Water into the Town of 1;

and the same was received, and read the First time.

Rejohcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Edifloae Sir Robert Daversreported from the Committee, to Lighi-house. whom the Bill for explaining, and making more effectual, an Act hr the better enabling the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-house, to rebuild the Light-houseon the Edi/ioue Rock, was committed; that they had made feme Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table* where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Queflioo severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Servant* Mr. Lowther presented to the House (according toOr-Wuget. der) a p,u for regulating of Servants Wages, and for the better Recovery of the lame; and also for making the Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (^intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Hufbundry, and Apprentices) more effectual And the same was received.

Palling Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Sbtriti'a whom the Bill for the more eaiy puffing Sheriffs Accounts,

Accounts. is committed, be received upon Monday next, at Twelve

a Clock.

Report* from Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Cotweiuceoi Privileges and Llcftiuns, touching the Election for the Privileges. Borough of Beaumaris, and upon the Petitions of John Forbett, and others, Creditors of the Earl of Kildare, and of George Rodney Bridges, and Richard Esquires,

Executors of the said Earl, be received Tomorrow, after Twelve a Clock.

Supply Bill; The House (according <0 Order) resolved itself into Exci* a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Duties. granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and for eltablishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to rail? Ten hundred thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities, and, in Default thereof, by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fanertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fairer reported from the Committee, that they had made tome Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move., that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rd'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Leverpoole Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor making a convenient Dock or Docks at Leverpoole, for the Security ot all Ships, trading to and from the said Port or Leverpoole, was committed, be taken into Confederation upon fuifday Morning next.

The Lord Conixgsby presented to the House (according Burlip to Order) a Bill to regulate the Abuse of a Turnpike, Turnpike, etefted on the Highways between Burlip and;

and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol for Debtor* the County of Nottingham, and in the Gaol for the Town 1 eutiona.

and County of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that they have been several Years imprisoned, many of them, and are not only unable to pay their Debts, but to become chargeable to their respective Parishes for Subsistence, having no Allowance, though feme of them have had their Effects wrested from them by Statutes of Bankrupt; yet cannot expect their Liberty, without an Act; of Parliament, by rcalbn of the Cruelty of their Creditors: And praying the House to commiserate their Condition, and grartt them Relief.

Orv/rW, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the poor, miserable, close-confined, insolvent Debtors in Wood-Jireet Compter, London, was pre-lented to the House, and read; letting forth, that tnoft of the Petitioners lie in a starving Condition, and being crouded in a narrow Compass, many of them are forced to fit up, or lie on the bare Boards, for Weeks together:

That they dread the fatal Consequences of the last Spring will attend them again, when in April la ft, out of 100 Prisoners Nine of them lay dead in one Room at the same time, and in a Month’s time above 50 of them died of a malignant Diflcmper, and God knows where ft bad ended, if it had not been prevented from breaking out of the Gaol, by Sir Charles Dunccmband the Court of Aldermen fending Physick, and Physicians, to ilop the Contagion, and by discharging a great many small Debtors, at their own Charge: To prevent the like again, the Petitioners, who are about 110, do pray, that the Bill depending in the House, for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the poor Debtors in the several Gaols for the County and Town of Bedford, as well in behalf of themselves, as of divers others in the said Gaols, and other the Gaols of South Britain, was presented to the House, and read; fitting forth, that all their humble $upplicak tions to their Creditors, for their Enlargement, proving unsuccessful, and this House having fiiewed their pious Charity to the poor Protestants of other Nations; humbly pray, that their deplorable Confinement may find due Consideration of the House, in regard the Petitioners, in their Days of Prolperity, performed all the Duties of well-assessed Subjects to the Queen and Government.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned dll Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 16.

Sir Tfufmas Palmer presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for veiling the Freehpld and Copyhold Estate of William Emerton, Esquire, deceased, in the Parish of Chavcning, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to

4M be

Emerton’*]

Dilate,

Mint

Adventure

Company.

Leave of Absence.

Bribery at Eiediong.

Privilege in a Suit against a Member,

322

be fold, for the better Support of his Widow, and Advancement of his Two Daughters; aDd the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Creditors of the Governor and Company of the Mine Adventurers of by Bonds,

Bills, and Calli Notes, on the behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have actually lent the said Company considerable Sums of Money, which are (till due to them, with Interest; and the Company, being desirous to give the Petitioners Satisfaction, and effectually to carry on the Works, did at a general Court call in f. 5 Cent. of the Partners and Members of the Company; and some of them paid their Money, without which the Mines had been left unwrought, and the Debts loft; but the few Proprietors, who have petitioned this House, under the Name of Creditors, not only refuse to pay in any Money for working the Mines, but pretend to be Creditors equal with the‘Petitioners, and oppose the Company’s Proceedings for the Petitioners Satisfaction, though the Company did at a General Court, held the tftof February instant, by Deed under their common Seal, assign over all their Mines, and Effects, for the Benefit of their Creditors by Bonds, Bills, and Calli Notes, and given them the intire Management thereof: And praying, that the good Intention of the said Company may not be frustrated by any Pretence whatsoever, to the Ruin of many Families; and that the Petitioners may be heard by Counsel, and have the Deeds, Books, Accounts, and Effects, of the Company delivered to them, and have such further Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Creditors and Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of on behalf of themselves, and several Widows and Orphans, Members and Creditors of the Company of the said Mine Adventure is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, according to the Prayer of their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Corbet have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Major General Trelawney have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for preventing Bribery, Corruption, and other indirect Practices, in electing of Members, to serve in Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Re/o/vedfUiut the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Petitions of John Forbett, and others, Creditors of the Earl of Kildare, deceased, and of George Rodney Bridget, and Richard Baggot, Esquires, Executors of the said Earl, and the Resolution of the Committee, which they had directed him to report to the the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Report, and Resolution, in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

That the Counsel for the Petitioners, Mr. Bridges and Mr. Baggott, alleged, that the late Earl of Kildare by his last Will devised to them all his Lands in England and Ireland, in Trust, by Sale, or otherwise, to pay so much of his Debts and Legacies, as his executory Estate would not be sufficient to pay; and made the Petitioners his

1709.

Executors; and, after his Debts and Legacies paid, he devised the Surplus of the said Estate to the Duke of Richmond, for his Life, and, after his Death, to be divided amongst his the said Duke’s younger Children.

That, after the Earl’s Death, the said Petitioners proved the said Will in the Prerogative Court, though Mr. Francis Robarts(a Member of this House) and the

Lady Ann, his Wife (who was Sifter, and Heir, to the said Earl of Kildare) obstructed the Proof of the same; but being well satisfied, that it was the Will of the said Earl; they withdrew the Caveat they had entered against proving thereof.

That the said Duke of Rand his Children, preferred a Bill in Chancery against the said Petitioners, and the said Mr. Robarts, and his Lady, to prove the said Will, and to have an Account of the Estate; to which the Petitioners, and the said Mr. Robarts, and his Wife, having answered, the Cause was heard by the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain; who (amongst other things) decreed, that the Mailer should take an Account of the Debts of the said Earl, which, the Counsel for the Petitioners alleged, amounted to £. 13,000, and of the said Earl’s executory Estate, in order to appoint so much of the real Estate of the said Earl, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts, as the executory Estate would fall short of paying; and the Clerk in Court for the said Lady Ann Robarts was to have Notice from time to time, for attending the Account before the said Mailer; which was accordingly given; and the Clerk for the said Lady Ann Robarts did several times attend on the said Account; and the Mailer is now ready to make his Report.

That, during the said Tran last ions, the Petitioners have been sued by several of the Creditors of the said Earl, who have obtained Judgments agaii;ft the Petitioners; and to gain Time, till the Court of Chancery should make a Decree, for Satisfaction of the Debts, the Petitioners have been forced to give Judgments de bonis propriis, upon a Stay of Execution till the First Day of this present Hilary Term.

That the Petitioners endeavouring to take out the Report, that the same might be set down to be heard by the Lord Chancellor, for his final Decree, Mr. Robarts obstructs the lame, by infilling upon his Privilege,}though he is only intitled, in Right of his Wife, as Heir at Law, to the real Estate, in case there was no Will.

That the Counsel for the Petitioners, the Creditors of the said late Earl of Kildare, admitted the Fast, as to their Cafe, as was alleged by the Counsel for the Petitioners, the Executors of the said late Earl of Kildare.

And only further observed, that the late Earl of Kildare had taken all the Care, that was possible, for the Satisfaction of his Debts, by making his last Will in the Manner before set forth; which Will has been duly proved:

And that several of the Petitioners Debts, which were occasioned by Ample , Contraft, can carry no Interest; and consequently such Creditors must be ruined, if some Parr of the Testator’s real Estate be not speedily fold, for satisfying those Debts.

That the Counsel for Mr. Robarts admitted the Will of the late Earl, as set forth by the Counsel for the Petitioners; and that the Debts of the Testator were very considerable, but far short of what his personal Estate was sufficient to satisfy, which, they said, Mr. Robarts would be able to prove in Chancery, if he might have sufficient Time:

And that Mr. Robarts, being intitled to the Reversion of the real Estate, after the Limitations thereof by the Will directed, and at present to the Overplus of the executory Estate, they alleged, that Mr. Robarts was justly entitled to the Privilege of this House.

That the Counsel for the Creditors, by way of Replj?, said, that they conceive the Privilege of this House will not extend beyond the disturbing the Person, or Possession, of any Member of the House; which, in this Cafe, can no ways affect the fitting Member, Mr. Robarts, whose Expectancy to the Testator’s Estate can be

i8° Fehruaril.

Bsa

Lkd

1

J

8 Ahn. i 8° Februarii. 323

only after the Debts paid, and the t)eath of the Duke of of Parliament, of the 2d and 3d of the said King, inti-Richmond, and his Children. tuled, *' An Act for the keeping of the Sessions, and

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee " County Days, of the I tie of Anghfey, in came to the Retulution following; viz.whereby it is enacted, that as well the great Sessions of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the said County, as all and every Shire or County Day or That Francis Rob arts, Esquire, ought not to have the Days, and Session of the Peace, to be holden for the said Privilege of Parliament, as to the Bill exhibited against County of shall be holden and kept within the

him, and the Executors of John, late Earl of Kildare, by laid Town of . And it is also provided and the Duke of Richmond, to prove the Will, and have an enabled in the said Act, that the said Village of Newbo-Account of the Ellate, of the said Earl, upon which the , and the Inhabitants thereof, shall be discharged Lord Chancellor has decreed, that an Account of the from paying any Wages'to any Burgess, which shall Debts and Ellate, real and personal, of the said Earl, be returned, to serve in Parliament fot the Town of should be taken by a Matter of Chancery, in order to the Beaumaris and Village of Newborough, or either of Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Earl, and them.

upon which Reference the Report of the said Matter is Which Exemption, the Petitioners Counsel inferred, ready to be made, in order to a final Decree. was given to for the Removal of the County

The said Rctblution being read a Second time; Court and Session to Beaumaris: And they also produced

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com- a Charter, bearing Date the 27th Day of April, in thd mittee, in the said Resolution, That Francis hobarts, 17th Year of King Edward the ad; whereby it appeared, Esquire, ought not to have the Privilege of Parliament, Newborough was a Corporation at that Time, as to the Bill exhibited against him, and the Executors And, to prove the customary Usage of the Burgesses of John, late Earl of Kildare, by the Duke of Richmond, for Newborough voting at the Election of a Burgess, to to prove the Will, and to have an Account of the Estate, serve in Parliament for Beaumaris, they called of the said Earl, upon which the Lord Chancellor has John Ap John Rozvland; who, by an Interpreter, laid, decreed, that an Account of the Debts and Estate, real that he has known Newborough 55 Years past; and thd and personal, of the said Earl, should be taken by a Mailer Inhabitants thereof have claimed a Right, at Times, to of Chancery, in order to the Payment of the Debts and vote at Beaumaris at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Legacies of the said Earl, and upon which Reference the Parliament, for 48 Years; and that, when Mr. Owen Report of the said Mailer is ready to be made, in order Hughes (who was then Mayor of Newborough, and, he to a final Decree. thinks, Recorder of Beaumaris) flood for a Burgess for

Beaumaris, lie sent to the Burgesses of Newborough, to Beaumaris Mr. Compton also (according to Order) reported from come and vote for him; and about 30 of them went Ektiioa. the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, thither accordingly; but when they came, Mr

touching the Election for the Borough of Beaumaris, in gave them his Thanks for the Trouble he had given them, the County of Ang/eJey, and the Resolutions of the Com- and desired them to return home, for that the Election mittee thereupon, which they had directed him to report was agreed: That he remembers, there was another Con-to the House; and he read the Report, and Resolutions, troversy, when he was a Youth.

in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the That he was a Burgess at Newborough, and had fur-Clerk’s Table: Where they were read, and are as follow; rendered his Right since the last Election. viz. Mr. Williams laid, that he was bred up under the said

Upon the Petition of Owen Meyrick, Esquire, Mayor, Mr- Hughes, and law the Burgesses of Newborough come Tho. Evans, Bailiff, Wm.Meyrick, Esquire, and to Beaumaris, to vote for him, upon his lending for Wm. Wynn, Gentleman, Burgesses of the Borough them; but cannot say, lie ever law any of those Burgesses of Newborough, in the County of Anglesey, and also vote at Beaumaris, orsign any Return upon any Election of Tho. Jones and John Davies, Burgesses of the there.

Borough of Beaumaris, in the said County, in the That the Counsel for the fitting Member infilled, that behalf oI themselves, and several other Burgesses of the Right of eleding a Burgcls, to serve in Parliament for the said Boroughs, complaining of anundue Election, Beaumaris, is in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and capital Burgesses, and Return, of Henry Bertie, Esquire, to serve in of Beaumaris only.

this present Parliament for the said Borough of Beau- And the Counsel for the fitting Member alleged, that marts: Newborough was not lo much as a Corporation at present;

That the Counsel for the Petitioners alleged, that the for, though they had a Charter in the 17th of the

Right of eleding a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for 2d, yet the last Charter, that Borough had, was in the the Borough of Beaumaris, is in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and 15th Hen. VIII. reciting all the Charters, that were before Burgesses in general, of the Boroughs of Newborough and granted; and the said Charter of Hen. VIII. was furren-Bea:mares: dered 29 Hen.

And, in the first place, they referred to the Statute, To prove which, they produced the original Record 27 HenVIII. intituled, "Concerning the Laws to be from the Rolls; wherein the said Charter of 15 " used in Wales-," whereby it is enacted, that there shall VIII, appeared to be vacated, by Lines struck through be chosen for every Borough, being a Shire Town, within the same, and a Surrender thereof entered in the Margent the Dominion of Wales (except the Shire Town of the of the Record, dated the 20th 29 Hen. VIII.

County of Merioneth) one Burgess; and that the Burgesses And the Counsel for the luting Member furtheralleged. Fees be levied and gathered, as well of the Boroughs that the aforesaid Act, of the 2d and 3d VI. recites, and Shire Towns, as they be Burgesses of, as of all other that the Assizes and Sessions, which for 250 Years before ancient Boroughs within the same Shires: had been kept at Beaumaris, had been removed about 45

As also to the Statute, of the 35® Hen. VIII. intituled. Years to the little Village Newborough, upon a false Re-u The Bill for Knights and Burgesses in Wales, concern- presentation of one then being Ambassador from

ing the Payment of their Fees and Wages whereby the King of Spain to King . the 7th; and, for that the it is enacted, that the Burgesses of all Boroughs, . said Village is not fit to receive the Judges and Justices, shall be contributory to the Payment of the Burgesses or to hold Assizes or Sessions, the same are removed back. Wages of the said Shire Towns, shall have like Voice and to Beaumaris. And also it is provided and enacted by the Authority to elect, name, and chuse, the Burgesses of said Act, that the said Village of and Inhabi-

every the said Shire Towns, like, and in such Manner, as tants thereof, should not from thenceforth be charged or the Burgesses of the said Shire Towns have, or use. chargeable to or with any of the Charges or Expences of

That the Counsel for the Petitioners further alleged, any Burgess, who from time to time should be returned, that Newborough was a Shire Town till the Reign of King -to serve in Parliament for the Town of Beaumaris and Edward the 6th; to prove which, they produced an Act Village of Newborough, or either of them. '

Vou 16. And

V

Privilege; a Person in custcdy petitions ior Discharge.

Servants

Wages.

Queen appoints to be attended.

Knight's

Eftute.

Privilege.

18° — 20°

A. 1709.

And the Counsel for the fitting Member infilled, that, as the aforesaid Surrender of their Charter determined the Corporation of Newborough, so this Act determined their &ight of voting in Elections of a Member, to serve in Parliament, as a Borough.

And, as to the Allegations of the Counsel for the Petitioners, That the Right of electing a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for Beaumaris, is in all the Burgesses of the said Borough;

The Counsel for the fitting Member produced the Charter of that Borough, made 4* Eliz. reciting many former Charters, whereby the Right of electing of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for Beaumaris, is vested in the Mayor, Two Bailiffs, and 21 capital Burgesses, thereof; and also produced a Return of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament, of the 3$th Eliz. by which it appeared, that the Mayor, Bailiffs, and capital Burgesses, elected the Burgess,' to serve in that Parliament.

And that, upon the Evidence aforesaid, the Committee tame to the following Kesolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of eleding a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bea, in the County of An fiefey, is in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Capital Burgesses, of Beaumaris only.

Resolved, That it h the Opinion of this Committee^ That Henry Bertie, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Beau-

maris.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of Griffith Parry, Town Clerk of Beaumaris, in the County of An in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is heartily sorry for having fallen under the Censure of the House, for not obeying an Order of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and humbly begs Pardon: And praying that he may be discharged out of Custody, in regard his Family, and Affairs, greatly suffer by his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Griffith Parry be brought to the Bar of this House upon Monday Morning next, in order to his Discharge.

A Bill for regulating of Servants Wages, and for the better Recovery of the fame, and also for making the Ad, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Eliz. (intituled, An Act, containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices) more effectual, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen has appointed to be attended with the Addresso? both Houses at Six a Clock this Evening, at her Palace of St. James's j at which Time their Lordships

will be there:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of Isaac Knight, Esquire, in the Counties of Nottingham and York, for the Payment of the Portion of Hannah, the Wife of Thomas Stones, Esquire, and the Arrears of an Annuity, payable to Dickenson Knight, Gentleman, and for settling the Overplus to the same Uses, to which the Lands, to be sold, do stand limited, and for charging other Lands with the said Annuity; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Complaint of a Breach' of Privilege, committed against Mr. Gordon, be heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Monday next, after the hearing the Matter of the' 15

Complaint of a Breach of Privilege, committed against Mr. Aijlaby, which is then appointed to be heard.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill t9 Railing th* raise the Militia for the Year 1710, although the Month’s Militia. Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and that Mr.

Medlicoit, Mr. Prist, and Mr. Fox, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to African

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Tnuie.

consider further of the Trade to Africa

Ordered, That the distinct Valuation of the Forts and Settlements’on the Coasts of Africa, belonging to the Royal Africa* Company of England (presented to the House by the said Company) and the Scheme, for carrying on the Trade to Africa (presented to the House by tire fejrarate Traders to Africa) be referred to the Confederation of the said Committee.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord IVm. Powlett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord IVm.P owlett reported from the Committee,

that they had directed him to move the House, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for settling the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fqT settling the Trade to Africa-, and that the Lord Powlett, Mr. Poulleney, Mr. Tate, Mr. Do!ben. Sir Walter Eonge, Mr. Neviil, Mr. Reyfham, Sir Gilbert cot t, Mr. Ward, Mr. Onslow, and Colonel Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for better preventing PrcTentioe of excessive and immoderate Gaming, be read the Third of Gaming, time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornkagh and Mr. Norris be Restraininj added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for restraining Buildup the building upon new Foundations, in the Cities of London and Westminster, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Cm

EH

Ko.j

Lit*

M

’?n;

| ilfctC

Lid

Luna, 200 die Februarii;

Anno 8° Annae Regina;, 1709.

r

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir IVm. Pole have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Abfeuee.

A Petition of divers Weavers, Flax-dressers, Whitfters, linen

Spinsters, Winders, and others, concerned in the Linen ^anu Manufacture within the several Towns of Manchester,

Wigan, Warrington, Eccleslon, Blackborne, Lay land, Walton, Preston, and elsewhere, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves and many Thousands more, concerned in the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since the Duty, called the Two-third Subsidy, was taken off all foreign European Linen, such great Quantities of that Commodity have been imported into Great Britain, and sold at lower Prices, than can possibly be afforded at here, that many Thousands, Manufacturers therein, are reduced to great Extremities, for want of Employ; many

freat Dealers having left off their Trades, which is in Linger of being intirely loft: And praying, that such Encouragement may be given to the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain, that at lead it may stand upon an equal Foot with foreign Cloth.

Ordered, That the Petition do ire upon the Table.

Mi*.

V

8 Ann.

20° Februarii.

3*5

Coop^i

Ella to.

Mr. Medlicott reported from the Committee, to whom jests; bat the same did not extend to poor Debtors: the Bill for the Relief of Joseph Cooper, Gentleman, was That it would be an Act of great Charity, if the Parlia-committed; that they bad examined the Allegations of ment should in like manner relieve the poor insolvent

Krug lit'*

CftaU.

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Debtors of this Kingdom: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hieeocks and Mr.

Medlicott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have appointed Mothe Twenty* Sacfaevereir* seventh of this instant February, at Ten of the Clock in Impe*clunent' the Forenoon, for the Trial of Henry Sacheverell, Doctor in Divinity, before their Lordships in Westminster-hall:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act

for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of Ifaae for veiling the several Manors and Lands therein men Knight, Esquire, in the Counties of Nottingham and York, tioned, in the County of Oxon, late the Inheritance of for the Payment of the Portion of Hannah, the Wife of Esquire, deceased, and by his Marriage

Thomas Stones, Esquire, and the Arrears of an Annuity, Settlement conveyed to the Uses therein expressed, m payable to Dickenson Knight, Gentleman, and for settling Trustees, to be sold, for clearing several Incumbrances the Overplus to the same Uses, to which the Lands, to thereupon, precedent to the said Marriage Settlement,

be fold, do Hand limited, and for charging other Lands and investing the Surplus of the Money, arising by such

with the said Annuity, was read the First time. Sale, in a Purchase of other Lands to the like Uses, as

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. were limited by the said Marriage Settlement; and for

vesting in the said Trustees such Estate and Interest, as A Per ton Griffith Parry, Town Clerk of Beaumaris, in Custody the said Williams Jennens, or his Trustees, named in his

of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was (ac- Marriage Settlement, had in certain Lands, heretofore

charged. cording to Order) brought to the Bar; where he, upon called the Marsh Lands, in the Parish of St. Giles's in the his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Sjieaker. Fields, in the County of Midd'ejex, subject to the several Ordered, That the said Griffith Parry be discharged precedent Incumbrances thereupon, to be sold, for the

Jennci*

Eftait.

out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Purposes therein mentioned; to which their Lordship* desire the Concurrence of this House.

H&mondt

Estate,

.-j

A Bili to ennKe Trustees to fell some Fenny Lands in the Counties of H:t;r.gJon and Cambridge, Part of the Estate oi An:hay Haraond, Esquire, and to settle other

Lands in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Rcfived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Manly, Mr. Huagcrford, Lord Coitingsby, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Norris, Nlr. Nevi/l, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir William IVbitlock, Mr. Archer, Mr. Herne, Mr. Foley, Mr. A loore, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Robert I)avers, Mr.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ediftone

Light-house.

r.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to go, and sacherereir* fee what Conveniences and Accommodations are made impeachment, in We for the Committee of this House, and the Managers, to be at the Trial of Dr. Henry Sacheverell;

And it is referred to Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Dockmin Mr. , Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Duncomb, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Nevill,

Pringle, Mr. Page, Sir William Williams, Mr. Conyers, Lord Willoughby, Sir Mr. Prise, Mr.

Sir Wm. Courtney, Mr. Gape, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Prise, Topham, Mr. Chafe, Sir Gilb. Heathcott, Sir Roger Mr. Chambers; and all, that lerve for the Counties of /haw, Mr. Mr. Bridges, Lord Lumley, Mr.

Surrey, Huntington, and Cambridge: And they are to Jon, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Duncomb, Lord Bulkley, Sir Wil-niect this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Ham Hujiler, Mr. Gale, Mr. Sir John Bennet,

Chamber. Sir Rich. , Sir Alexander Corny ns, Mr. Carneage,

Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Campion: And they are to An ingrolfed Bill for the explaining, and making withdraw immediately, and report to the House, how more effectual, An Act for the better enabling the they find the said Conveniences and Accommodations.

Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-house, to

A Bill for making the Laws for repairing the Highways, more effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Archer, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Pocklinvlon, Colonel

rebuild the Light-house on the Ediftone Rock, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for the explaining, and making more effectual.

Law* relating to Highways.

the Act, of the 4th and cth Years of her Majesty’s , n. c-’ //" jin-

p fnr th- h*tt*r Ma<k-r w.r/Unc JLa Sir Fra. Maffiam, Sir Rufhout Mr. White,

Reign, for the better enabling the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trmity-house, to rebuild the Light-house on

the Ediftone Rock.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dovers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Price, Mr. Baily, Mr. Nevill, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Peyton, Mr. , Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Barker, Mr. Austin, Mr. Vernon, Lord P, Mr. Topham, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Travers, Mr. Conyers, Mr. , Mr.

Leave of Absence.

Debtors

Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitmore have Leave to go into Shaker^ Mr.,) Sir Brian Stapleton: And all that the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. ^ome, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this y r J Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Petition of c2 poor, distressed, insolvent, Debtors, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

now in Prison in her Majesty’s Gaol for the County of nuttee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to re-Bucks, on behalf of themselves, and a great Number of Peal Pr1ovlfo1 ‘"/be Statute, of the 22d Year of King other poor insolvent Debtors, in the several Gaols of this tlc,2C,’ or C c. better repairing Highways, and

Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting Bridge?, which gives Liberty till St. a Day to re-forth, that the Petitioners are in a starving Condition, for Pair Highways, want of Bread, at this dear Time, and their Families

fubfilled by their several Parishes: That the last Sessions The House being informed, that Mr. Clayton and Jllr. Public Debts, an Act passed for a general Pardon, which extended to, Jett (Two Officers in the Exchequer) attended, they »ere and set at Liberty, great Numbers of her Majesty’s Sub- called in;

Vol. 1C. 4N And 1

Gooqd

Recruiting the Land

forces-

Privilege.

African

Creditors

And 4beiB*r(£0c«!rding to (toder) $we* fonby Parliamee^dnhre Office, iie seeing the Person, -ap-

{epted to ithe Hopfe, «Afl Abstrpft of ;the publick Debts pointed (to negftter, and pay Jtoterest oh* Army And upon j^rlti^enMry >Ewt»ds* uqprpwided lfor at the fir* tCraafpoct Debentures, dieqoer: __ lAindtihen they withdrew.

And Mr. Jett presented to -the House (according to And *be Ticks of the isaid Abstracts were read.

Qtyjkr) At1 AWkfcft ibe publiok Debt, not pefotuded And the Abftnuft* *re as follow; Kite.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, is parliament affemfeled:

Ajk AC CiQUJ^T of all such publick »D©bt$ upon parliamentary Fund*, as appear in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of her Majesty’s Exchequer, and ate not provided (for by Parliament.

By an Act, passed in the 9th Year of his Jote Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for gtanting £.

10 his Majesty fianewd Pptiep upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, to continue for Five Years, from the 19th of My, 1-69$, §. Credit frte given for borrowing of £. 500^000, to wit, after the Rflte of £, f per Gens-for Annum fof the |first£. 100,000, and after the Rate of £. 8 per Cent, per Annum for the £.400,000; upon which Act there has been repaid the Principal Sum of £.491^000, fpd thore yemainsftill to be paid, besides Interest, the Sum of - 9,000 o

By an passed so the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, the like Duties were continued five Years longer, to the r$th of May, 1708, with a Credit, for borrowing € 500,000 more, to wit, after the Rate of £.5 per Cent, per Amum for the first £. 200,000, and £. 6 per Cent, per

Annum for the last £.300,000; upon which Act there has been repaid the Principal Sum of £. 498,584- 1 6s.and there remains ftiU to be paid, betides loterest, the Sum of - - 1,415 4 —

By an Act. passed in die 4th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706, a Credit was given for borrowing £. 1,850,000 alter the Rate of £. 5. pet Cent.per Annum; upon which Act there has been repaid £. 1,810,582. 7 s.id. and there remains ftiH to be paid, betides Interest, the Sum of - 39.417 12 10 By an Act, passed in the 5th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1707, a Credit was given for borrowing £. 1,850,000 after the Rate of £, 5 per Cent, per Annum; upon which Act there has been repaja£. 1,787,416, 7J. 6d. and there remains still to be paid, besides Interest, the Sum of - 62,583 1* 6

Afr«

Cld1

bVer

fa:

Exchequer, %o Jan. 1709.

Total - - - - £.112,416 9 4

tVm. Clayton.

An ABSTRACT of the publick Debts, not provided for by Parliament, in the Office of Thomas Jett, th* Person appointed to register, and pay Interest on, Army and Transport Debentures; viz.

Tke whok ifilled. What satisfkd by the Purchase of forfeited Estates in Ireland. Tht Residue [is] the publick Debt; unprovided for by Parliartierrt.

On Army Debentures - -On Debentures, made out for One Day's Pay for") Chelsea Hospital - . j On Debentures for Transport Service - - - £. d. 1,127,715 17 4 22,425 3 7 449,087 12 5 £. 5. d. 492,742 13 5 3.820 3 3 115,508 13 — £ s- d. 634.973 3 11 18,605 — 4 333.578 S

Examined per me Tho- Jett, £. this 13th Day of February, 1709. 1,599,228 13 4 612,071 9 8 987.!57 3 8

Ordered, That the said Abstracts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to thcHouse (according to Order) a Bill to continue the Act for the recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1710; tad the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the BUI be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Complaint being made to the House, that John Mathers, Vicar of Steyning, in the County of had filed Richard Hayler, Tenant to Harry Esquire (a Member of this House) in the Court of Exchequer, to oblige him to pay Tythes for the Farm he held, otherwise than by a constant Modus, payable for the £state, in which Suit the said Hayler hath been committed to Prison, in Breach of the Privilege of this. House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and to report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Creditors of the Royal African

Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Company owe the Petitioners, and others, about £. 300,000, and refule to pay them, and have stopt paying Interest on most of their Bonds, from Michaelmas, 1708; so that the Petitioners conceive, the Company are incapable to pay their Debts, which are Ten times more than the Value of their Stock, at the present Price: That the Charges of prosecuting at Law will be rnfopportable to the Petitioners, and, even if they should sue, it will be in the Power of the Managers of the Company to give Preference, as they please, to any of their Creditors, and leave the rest without Payment; and they may also make Dividends of their Effects amongst the Proprietors of Stock, and leave little or nothing for their Creditors, who (as advised) have no Remedy in Law or Equity, to compel the Company to apply theft Estate £nd Effects to an equal Proportion, for Payment of their Debts: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in Bill to enable the Creditors to name Managers of the said Company, instead of the Proprietors of Stock, and to pay the Produce of the Company’s Stock, proportion-abfy amongst: the Creditors, and the Surplus (if any) to the Owners of Stock, or that the Petitioners be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit:

And also,

A Petition

'in

JFfll

Ms.

‘U'ti

A

8 Ann. 20° — >-ii

African A Petition of the Bohd Creel ifdh 6? the Royal African Creditors Company was pteferfted tb the House, And read; letting forth, that the Petitioners have lent thi fold Company contiderable Sums of Mbhey, upon the Credit of their common Seal: That the Petitiohits Security, and Ihtc-rest, being in the Forts And Settlcihcht's of the Company, will, upon the Alienation of the Settlements, of the Dilfblu-fion of the Company, rehder the Peti'tionfers Security very precarious, if not divert: them of their Property, to the utter Ruin of many hundred Families: That the Company have made several Offers to Accommodate Matters with the Creditors, but the limfc cannot be accbinplished, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Pill to impower the Petitioners to treat With the said Company, so as such Agreement*, executed by the greater Part of the Creditors in Number and Value, may be obligatory on the rest.

OtAered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Creditors of the Royal African Com-

Sany; and that Mr. , Mr. Hern, Mr.

lr. Hungerford, Mr. Moor, Mr. Heyfhum, Mr.

Sir Walter Tongt, and Mr. Coatfworih, do prepare* and bring in* the Bill.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that both Houses Addrtis. did upon Saturday last present their humble Address to her Majesty; to which her Majesty was pleaseid to give this very gracious Answer:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I am so sensible of the Necessity of the Duke of borough's Presence in Holland at this critical Juncture, that I have already given the necessary Directions for his immediate Departure; and I am very glad to rind, by this Address, that you concur with me in a just Scnfe of the Duke of Marlborough's eminent Services.

Portsinouth, Ordered, That the Report of the Proceedings of the &c. Fortifies- Commissioners, appointed by her Majesty’s Letters Pa-fioot. tents to treat and agree for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as mall be judged proper to be purclrafed, for the better fortifying P and Harwich, and also the Abstract of the total Sums, for Purchase of Lands, (dc. at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

’ Pebthi&rii.

may be heard, 'Of ‘dttfeWnfe relieved, against I lie laid Cfeufe.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Rdpbrt frdnl the Comrrtiftee of the whole House, f'O Whom the said fell I fs comhiittetl, lx made.

A PetlHoh of fevcrR Me reliant^, on behalf of them- Drawback selves, and the rest of the Tracftfis to foadmirgh, was on Good* presentai to the House, and read; setting forth, that exported, there Is A Clause, relating to the Drawback of All Goods exported, lately added to the Bill For^graiating io heir Majesty new Duties of Excite, and bpori several imported Commodities, And by other Wifi and Mfcans, tb rail®

Terf hUndfed-thousand Pounds by Sdfe of Annuities; which, if it should pats, will greatly prejudice the Exportation of our Manufacture, and the Prddbrft br the l*idhtatlotts, and all foreign Trade; for that, iu many Cdfes, lis impracticable to procure such Certificates, as the Clatift directs: And praying, that they may be beard, to shew their Reasons against the said Clause.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table*

Until the Report from the Committee of the whole Holife, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Orders of the DAy being redd 5 Ordered, That the Report from the Committee; so Parting

whom the Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts, Sherirt!i was committed, be received upon Wednesday next, at AccouuU* Twelve a Clock. ’'

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill whole House, toconsider further of the Bill for granting- Excise to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several I)atles imported Commodities, and for establishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to raise Ten hundred thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities* and, in default thereof, by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Drawback A Petition of the Merchants of trading in

on Goods Tobacco, was offered to the House.

axpoitad. And a Motion being made, and the Question being

put, That the Petition be brought up to the Table;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Petition was brought up, and read; felting forth, that there is a Clause in the Bill for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise* and upon several impofltd Commodities, to raise f. 1,000,000 by Sale of Annuities, relating to the Drawback on Goode exported, which will be a great Detriment to all foreign Trade* and will particularly obstrud the Exports of Tobacco, by reason the Exporter, by this Clause, is obliged to give Bond to land their Goods in foreign Parts, which is only to be discharged by Certificate thereof* which in many Cafes, is utterly irapofiible to be procured: And praying to be heard against the said Clause.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He uporj the Tables until the Report from the Committee of the Whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed;

D ttoL . A Petition of the Linen-drapers of the City of London was presented to the House, and read; felting forth,* that they are informed theft} is.. Cjause, relating to the Drawback of all Goods, exported, lately added to the Bill for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and by other means, to raise Ten hundred thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities; which Clause, if it pafles, will greatly obstruct to foreign Trade, and be very grievous to the Petitioners, and in many Cafes impracticable, since they often fell their Goods so, as *tis impeffible to procure such Certificate* as the Clause requires: And praying, that they Vot» 16.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for better preventing Prevention of of excessive and immoderate Gaming, be read the Third Gunm, S-time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the Hotife adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

mnt.i-UtoU--1 1 1 I I_ ’ j 1 ' ' ' r

Mitriis, 21® die Februarii 5

Anno 8* Anna: Reginae, 1709.

PxArBm.

MR. Wotfrjfeporte'd from the Coinnhittee, to wliora BetiefwortL’* the ing^ fled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Etta*.

Act to enabl6 /Y/er Bettesworth, Esquire, and the Trustees id his Marriage Settlement, to fell certain Lands and Hereditaments in th^Counties of Southampton and Sussex, for Pa/ment' of his Debts, and to settle another Estate* of better ytarly Value, for the better Provisibn for his Family, was committed; that they had examined tire Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;-and that the Parties concer'pAd hajf given their Contents to the Bill, so the' Satisfaction of the Committee; and that (h6‘ tdm'ruiftee had made one Amendment to the Rill, whrcli they fiad directed him so report to the House;

And he read she farile in his Place, and afterwards de-

IrVered it in at ffie Clerk's Table'; where the feme was twice read, ahef agreed unfo by the House, amd is as foHoWeth; viz.

PVeft 6. L. 3j, and 34. Leave out* £*r Robert PPorftei,'* Arid inleft Siudrt

And

Jennens’

Estate*

Keftraining

Buildings,

Mine

Adventure

Company.

318 2i° Februani. A. 1709.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Worjley do carry the BHl to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Manors and Lands therein mentioned, in the County of Oxon late the Inheritance of Wm. Jennens, Esquire, deceased, and by his Marriage

Settlement conveyed to the Uses therein expressed, in Trustees, to be sold, for clearing several Incumbrances thereupon, precedent to the said Marriage Settlement, and inveiling the Surplus of the Money, arising by such Sale, in a Purchase of other Lands, to the like Uses, as were limited by the said Marriage Settlement, and for vesting in the said Trustees such Estate and Interest, as the said Wm Jennens, or his Trustees, named in his

Marriage Settlement, had in certain Lands, heretofore called the Marsh Lands, in the Parish of St. Giles's in the Fields, in the County of subject to the

several precedent Incumbrances thereupon, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Wm. Milman, and others, the Lessees of Rugby School, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there are certain Lands belonging to the said School, lying in the Parish of St. Andrew's, Holboum, in Middlesex, the greatest Part whereof is built upon, and the other Part contrafted for: That, if the Bill to restrain the building upon new Foundations, within the Cities of London and Westminster, should pass, the Petitioners wiil be deprived of making the belt Advantage for the said Charity: And praying, that they may have a laving Clause in the Bill> or be otherwise relieved.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several of the Creditors by Bonds, Bills, and Specie Notes, of the Company of Mine Adventurers of England, on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Company, to induce Persons to lend them Money, as a Bank, did publickly give out, that they had entered into a Deed of Subscription of f. 40,000 to circulate the said Bonds, Bills, and Specie Notes; and that the Deed was to be a Security for Repayment of the Money, deposited with them; and shewed a Deed, for that purpose, to some of the Petitioners: That, soon after the Petitioners had lodged their Money in the said Bank, the Deputy Governor and Directors postponed Payment of their Bonds, Bills, and Specie Notes, and stopt Payment thereof; and gave out, that they had can* celled the said Deed of Subscription, in order to prevent the Petitioners from having any Benefit thereon in Law or Equity: That, notwithstanding Payment was stopt, as aforesaid, yet they kept their Office open, by which Artifice many of the Petitioners (not knowing of a Stop of Payment) paid in their Money, and afterwards, going to demand it again, were told by the Officers, that, though they had Directions to receive Money, they had no Orders to pay any; by which deceitful Practices many of the Petitioners, who are Widows, and Orphans, are like to be ruined; and many Hundred Pounds, given to charitable Uses, and for erecting Schools, and educating poor Parish Children, is Part of the Money, the Petitioners are defrauded of: That the said Bills are generally made out in the Name of Tho. , Cashier of the said Company; and an Action being brought against the said Company on one of the said Bills, the Company pleaded a general Release from Dykes', whereby all the said Bonds, Bills, and Specie Notes, are at once made of no Effect: And praying, that the House will take

some effectual Means, whereby the Estates of the Persons, who have been concerned in setting up, and managing, the said Bank, as well as the said Company, may be made liable to satisfy the Petitioners, or that they may have such other Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Creditors, and Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of on behalf of themselves, and several Widows and Orphans, Members and Creditors of the Company of the said Mine Adventure, is referred.

A Bill to explain so much of the Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Waih, drawn from malted Corn, whereby the said Commodities are admitted to be carried from the Isle of Wight to several Markets, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Lord Will.Powleit, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Edward Ernley,

Mr. Amejley, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Chandler,

Mr. Nickoll, Sir Fran.Majkatn, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Ball, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Gale, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Jervoise, Sir Robert Dovers, Nix. Worjley, Mr. Fane,

Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Ireton, Mr. 7 Mr. Cham-

bers; and all that serve for the Counties of Southampton and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Oatmeal, for the Use of each of the British Hospitals in Flandei j, Spain, and Portugal.

Ordered, That Sir John , Mr. Gordon, Mr. Topham, Mr. Duff, Mr. Harley, Mr. Tho. Harley, Mr. Burchet, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Pringle, Sir David Ramsey,

Mr. Carnege, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Winjlanly, Mr. , Sir Alexander myns, Mr. Rodger, Sir Pat. Johnston, Colonel Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Bacon, Mr. , Mr. Chambers,

Mr. Ogilvy, Mr. Lawjon, Mr. Rosse, Lord Downs, Mr. Aujlin, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Ordered, That Dr. Biffe be desired to preach before this House at St. Margaret's, Westmittfter, upon the 15th Day of March next, being the Day appointed by her Majesty’s royal Proclamation, for a Day of publick Fading and Humiliation; and that Mr. Francis Mr. Bromley, Mr. Archer, Mr. Windsor, and Sir Wm. Whitlock, do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, a Bill to continue the Act for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and the Bill was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Auditor Harley presented to the House (according to Order) the Auditors of the Imprefts Certificate of all such publick Imprest Accounts, as have been passed in their Offices, since her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown, and what now lie before them, in order to be passed.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Certificate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Certificate is in the subsequent Sheet annexed.

Tq

Exporting

Corn.

Committee tf Privileges.

Dr. Bifie to preach on 15th March.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Imprest

Accounts.

1

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament aflctnbled:

00

4* In Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, dated the 6th of this Instant February, the Auditors of Imprest do humbly lay before this House, Aw ACCOUNT of all such publick Imprest

Accounts as have been passed in their Offices, since her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown, and what now lie before them, in order to be passed,

o

y

Office*.

Treasurers of the Navy

Names of Officers.

a

u

Vi&ualers of the Navy

Treasurers of the Ordnance

K

o

Commissioners for lick andl wounded Seamen, and Pri- > foners of War - -J

Paymaster of the Guards and-) Garisons j

Sir Edward Seymour Lord Falkland

Earl of Orford Sir T'homosLittleton

Mr. Papillon, late Cashier of the Victualing under the Earl of Orjord

The honourable Colonel Mordaunt -

The honourable Cha. , 7 Esquire - - - - ]

The laid Mr. Mordaunt, fuc- 7 ceeding Mr. B - - )

Mr. Evelyn -

Mr. Povey, late Treasurer.

Mr. Addison, and others, du-7 ring the late War - - J

Captain Savory, the present 7 Treasurer - - - J

Earl of Ranelagh, late Pay- matter - - -)

Account* pafltd.

His Account of the French War, to Midsummer, 1681.

His final Account of the Navy, to , 1681.

His Accounts from Midsummer, 1681, to 31st of December, 1683.

His Accounts from December, 1696, to December, 1698.

His Accounts for building 27 Ships.

His final Account, to November, 1699.

His Accounts from the 29th May, 1699, *° 1701.

His Accounts to Christmas, 1698.

His Accounts from 30th June, 1699, to the 30th Day of June, 1702, being the End of his last Treasurership.

His Account from 30th of June, 1702, to 30th of , 1704.

Accounts lying before them, in order to be pafiod.

His Accounts to Christmas, 1685, are ingrafted, and ready for Declaration.

His Account to Christmas, 1686, is under Examination, and will soon be ready for Declaration.

His Accounts for the Years 1702 and 1703 are ingrafted, and ready for Declaration.

His Account for the Year 1704 is examined, and ingrafting.

His Account for the Year 1705 is lately delivered in.

His final Account to October, 1699, delivered in the 14th of November last, is under Examination.

His final Account, from March, 167}, to a8th March, 1675.

His Accounts from Lady Day, 1695, to Ladjy Day, 1699.

Their Accounts, for the whole Time of their Commission.

His first Account, to Midsummer, 1706.

His Accounts from the First of January, 1690, to Christmas, 1701. His Account of Poundage for CHospital, to 31st Marsh, 1692.

S'

His final Account, to June, 1705, is almost ready for Deck- || ration. S

t His Account to 30th June, 1706, is ready for Declaration.

(His Account to 30th June, 1707, is under Examination.

His Accounts from Lady-day, 1699, to Midsummer, 1705 (the Time of his Death) lie unprosecuted by his Executor, notwithstanding Process has been constantly issued agairtft him.

His Account to Midsummer, 1707, is preparing for Declaration.-

His Account for the Year 1702 was delivered to us the 21ft. of October, 1705; but, the Leidger being imperfect, the same was taken back some time since, and is now re-delivered.

His Accounts of Chelsea Hospital, from 31st March, 1692, to Christmas, 1702, has been examined, and the Dcfcdts therein U4 represented to his Lordship, many of which have been lately supplied j which Accounts are now drawing for Declaration.

Offices. v Names of Officers. \ Account* passed.

Paymasters of the Forces, actO ing in Coojundtion wkhS those of the Allies - - J \ Mr. How, the present Pay "| master of the Guards, and y Garisons - - »J Lord Coningsby and Mr. Fox, 1 Paymasters of the Force! j» in Ireland - - -1 Wm. Harbord, Esquire, late If Paymaster of the Forets in > Ireland - - -3 Charles Fox, Esquire, late 7 Paymaster - - - J James Bridges, Esquire, the? present Paymaster - -3 His Accounts, from the Time of entering upon his Office, to Christmas, 1707. His Accounts for Poundage for Chelsea Hospital, from the Time of entering upon his Office, to the same Time. Their Accounts from the Fi-nft of January, 1697, to the 29fth of September, 1701, being the -final Accounts for that Service. His Accounts for that Service, frotii the Time of entering upon that Office, to Christmas, 1704. - w

*Tfeafurers for Tangier - - Wm. Hewer, Esquire, Execu-j) for to Samuel Pf^jrr, Esqu ire, > deceased, late Treasurer -j His Account for 3 Years, ending December, 1677.

The said Wm. Hewer, Esquire,) succeeding Mr. Pepys,) His Account, from April, 1680, to June, 1681.

Transport Service The Commissioners for the') said Service - - -j Their Account for the First Year of the present War. They are also accountable for the said Transport Service until the 29th of March, 1704.

John Nutiv.g, Gentleman, pointed Treasurer for Tranf-1. port Service - - - J

Accounts lying before then?, in order to be pafletf.

o

His Account to Chrffhnas, 1708, is preparing for Declaration.

His Account of Poundage for Hospital, for die fame

Time, is likgwife preparing for Declaration.

J His Executors have long since exhibited an Account, which lie* I unprosecuted.

His final Account for Half a Year, ending the 03d of , 1705, is Logrolled, in order for Declaration, f His Account for Half a Year, to , 1705, is ready for

\ Declaration.

His Account of the Forces in to Christmas, 1706, is

examined and drawing for Declaration.

His Account of the Forces in 'Spain and Portugal, for the same Time, is examined, and a State thereof preparing, to be laid before the Treasury. He has affo lately exhibited his Accounts of the Forces in Flanders, for the Years 1707 and 1708, which are also under Examination.

His final Account, from December1677, *° ^ie of 1680, as also his kite re ft Account (which was exhibited before our Time) together with-his Demands, as Clerk of the Acts of the Navy, and Secretary of the Admiralty, are examined, and a State thereof is prepared for the Lord Treasurer.

His Accounts, from June, 1681, to , 1684, are ready

for Declaration} and his final Account, to the First of 1689, is under Examination, in order to be laid (with Mr. Pepys') before the Lord Treasurer.

They have an Account depending, for Transportation, for 1689,. to February, 1702: That Part of it, that relates to the Expence of the Irish War, has been laid before the Lord Treasurer, and a Privy Seal is ordered, for passing the fame.

A State of the other Part of the said Account, which goes to the End of the Year 1702, is preparing.

A State of the Account erf the late and West India Expe-

tlitions, Anno 1702, and 1703, is laid before the Lord Treasurer.

Has delivered an Account of Money received by him for that Service, from the 29th March, 1704, which is not prosecuted.

Pic is accountable to the 11 th January, 1705.

21° Febr

O

o

o

OQ

FT

Offices.

o

o>

Million Lottery

Malt Lottery

Paymaster of Interest on un-i satisfied Debentures - -J

Paymaster of Interest of Money") advanced on Annuities -J The Trustees for circulating, and Lionell Herne for cancell-' ing, Exchequer Bills - i Marines -

Jacob Vanderef -

Names of Officers,

Account* parted.

Accounts lying before them, in order to be patted.

Charles Majon, Esquire

Tho. Micklethwait, Esquire,") the present Treasurer -j

Richard Taylor, Gentleman

Sir John Humble., Baronet Mr. Robert Cr, late) Paymaster - - -$

Pis Account*, to 23d 1704, when be left his Em-

p' ay nent; or. the Foot ot which he rests indebted (for ought appears 10 us'i the Sum of £. 5,5 «o, the said Richard Taylor hi ng broke, and dead.

H i Accounts to , 170*.

His Accounts irom the Beginning of that Office, to

w 17C5-

Mr. NehemiahArnold, the) . w- l,.u..-^o

present Paymaster - H,i Accounts to To8.

cealed^* Gentleman, de-i |-]|S y^ccoun( from April, 1704, to April, 1708.

Thomas Jett, Gentleman, the)

present Paymaster -

fVm. Clayton Esquire

His Accounts of that Service, to February, 1708.

The Trustees Accounts to Mid/ummer, 1707 )

Mr. Hern's Accounts to the 13th of , 1706

Has delivered in his Accounts for this Service, from the 1 ith of January, 1705, to the nth of , 1707, which are

under Examination.

He is also accountable to April, 1708. f Has delivered his Account from April, 1708, to,

' 1709, which is examined, and will soon be ready fur Declaration*

His Account to Michaelmas, 1709, is ready for Declaration.

His Account to Michaelmas, 1709, is preparing for Declaration.

{"Has delivered in an Account from April, 1708, to,

1709, which is preparing for Declaration.

f Their Accounts to Midsummer, 1709, are delivered in, and are,) under Examination.

f His Account to Christmas, 1705, is ready for Declaration.

Account to Christmas, 1707, is preparing for Declaration, laid beiore the House of Commons; the Charge of which amounts

His Account to Cfcjfa* .,03.

His Accounts, for the Pay of the Dutch, Danes, and Sax Gotha Forces, have been dated and to £.3,017,355. 4 j. o d.

Sir John Guifehss passed an Account for Money, received by his Father at the Time of the Resolution, for Pay of a Regiment of Foot.

Mr. Thomas Addison, for like Money, received for Oats, bought and provided for the Army in Ireland.

Sir Henry Bellajyje has passed an Account for Moneys he received, for fortifying the Town of Ga.ioi.vay in Ireland.

*MVcmhomrigf?n^\ ^'^e» ^or Moneys received, for buying Provisions for the Army in Ireland,

MMefhuen Esquire^late^Ambassador a I IJJbon\^as an Account of several Sums of Money, imprested to the said John Methuen, for the Service of the War in Spain and Portugal.

man^ oTthe^rd ^pJeerborow in h/^in^he ^ear^ o 5 } Hls delivered Account of Money, received and paid by him, a State of which has been made and read at the Treasury.

Colonel Joseph Bennett has very lately exhibited an Account of Money, received by him, for defending the Garison of Gibraltar, during the Siege, and fortifying the same afterwards.

All which is most humbly submitted.

bo

c.-

E. Harley,

A. Maynwaring. Feb. 13, 1709.

Us*

8 Ann. 11

33*

Recruiting A Bill to continue the Act for the recruiting her the Laud Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of

Force* the Year 1710, was (according to Order) read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Recruits. Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of what Recruits are necessary for the Service of the Year 1710.

Insolvent Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of insolvent

Debtors. Debtors, be read a Second time upon Friday next, at Twelve, a Clock,

Assize of Ordered, That it be ah Inllruftion to the Committee, Bread, to whom the Bill to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to repeal that Clause in the Statute, of the 5th of Queen Eliz. (intituled, An Act, containing'divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices) which obliges Persons to serve Apprentice-ships, so far as it concerns Bakers.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Cdgga’ Debt*. A Bill for veiling the Estates and Effects of John Coggs

and John Dana, Goldsmiths, and Co-partners, in Trullees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir IVm. Whitlock, Mr. Norris, Sir Gilbert , Mr. Brew-

er, Sir John Hawles, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Guidot, Mr. Calthorp, Mr. Grey, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Lord Mr. Gale, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Diston, Mr. White, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Nicoll, Sir Robert , Mr. Ward, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. , Sir Wm. Scawen,

Sir Peter King, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Milbvme; and all the Gentlemen of the long Robe: And all, that conje, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A. 1709.

of excessive and immoderate Gaming, be read the Third time upon Thursdaynext, at One a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2 2° die F; Anno 8° Annac Reginae, 1709.

Prayers.

P ET IT I ON of the Clothiers, Spinners, Weavers, Duty and others, at Dorchester, and in other Parts of the k^i

County of Dorset, employed in, and subsisting on, the Woollen Manufactory of Great Britain, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have observed, that, as often as any new Duties have been laid on any Commodities of the Growth of Spain, that Nation hath laden with fresh Duties all Manufactories exported thither, to the great Decay of Trade:

That a further Duty being intended to be laid upon Raisins, the Petitioners apprehend, it will have the illCon-sequences aforesaid, and so lessen their Employ, that their Families will want common Subsistence: And praying the 'Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief from the melancholy View, which seems to threaten them.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Sir Robert Guidedford, of in Rye Fiihcrr.

Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, '

that the Petitioner hath a great Royalty of Fishing in the Manor of Higham, near Rye; and the Corporation of Rye having petitioned the House, and complained of several Abuses in Fishing, within Five Miles of Rye, the Petitioner conceives, they have a Design to prejudice the Property he hath in the said Fishery: And praying, that he may be heard by Counsel, touching the fame.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation, and Improvement, of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for the Regulation and Government of the Company of Fishermen of the said River, is committed.

216 — 22° Febfuarii,

Copy Right ‘the House resolved itself into aCommittee of the whole

of Book* House, upon the Bill for Encouragement of Learning, and for securing the Property of Copies to the rightful Owners thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Compton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Compton reported from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Portsmouth, Ordered, That the Report of the Proceedings of the &c. Fortifi- Commissioners, appointed by her Majesty’s Letters Patents cations. treat and agree for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall be judged proper to be purchased, for the better fortifying Ports Chatham, and Harwich, and also the Abstract of the total Sums for Purchase of Lands, (1ic.at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Liverpool# Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Dock, whom the Bill for making a convenient Dock or Docks at Leverpoole, for the Security of all Ships, trading to and from the said Port of Leverpoole, was committed, be taken in to Consideration upo n Thursday next, at Twel ve a Clock.

p.fypiuion Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for better preventing

4)( CrkUT.nfc«

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the p. rth Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Comny electing a Knight of the Shire for the Shire of Perth, in ' nt* the room of Mr. Douglas Stuart, who, since his Election, has been made one of the Lords of the Session in Britain.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Jo- Cooper’* feph Cooper, Gentleman, be read the Third time upon luhte. Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock.

A Bill for veiling the Freehold and Copyhold Estate of EmerW* William Emerton, Esquire, deceased, in the Parish of LiUe. Chevening, in the County of Kent, in Trullees, to be sold for the better Support of his Widow, and Advancement of his Two Daughters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Wm, Strickland, Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Poulteney, Sir John Mordaur.t, Mr. Mayne,

Mr. Campion, Mr. Norris, Mr. Pol hill. Sir John Cope, Mr.

Jervoise, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Onslow, Sir Wm. Scawen,

Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Booth, Mr. Hungerford, Lord Wm.

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Thornhagh j and all, that serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffix, Southampton, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Barker presented to the House (according to Order) Select

a Bill to regulate all select Vestries within the weekly Velll"‘?*

Bills

Erfn

c*B«

‘tif

fcxuc

?i*V

ktr

A

.AflSxe of Hread*

8 Ann,

22° Februarii.

333

Bills of Mortality; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered', That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday next, at One a Clock.

Kingston upon Hull Poor.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Sir "David Ramsey reported from the Committee, to Court of

whom the Bill for discharging the Attendance of Noble- g"^ca^’ men, Barons, and Freeholders, upon the Lords of Judiciary in their Circuits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, that they had made several

A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen, Governor,

Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, for the

Poor, and also other Inhabitants, of the Town of Kings- Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to ton upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, 9*6? io* IV. and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table;

3", the Maintenance and Subsidence of the Poor of the where the same were once rend throughout, and then a laid Town was committed to a Corporation, who were Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question leve-obliged not to raise any more Money for their Support, rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. than had been paid in any one of the Three Years pre*- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ceding the Act: That by Lodes at Sea, Removal of the’ ingrotfed.

Garilon (which constantly. leaves Women and Children

behind) and other Misfortunes, their Poor are to in- A Petition of the poor distressed Inhabitants of the Suffcrereat created, that the Methods, prescribed by the said Act to Wand of St. Sufferers by the late Invasion of Nevis and

raise Money for their Relief (amounting to abont £.30$ ‘he in March, 170^, was presented to the House, nWw"

per Annum) falls fltort about £. 150 per Annum:And read; setting forth, that they return the House p praying, that a Bid may be brought in, to impower the I hanks for their generous Vote, lust Session of Pariii-

said Corporation to raid* a further Sum, not exceeding £. 130 per Annan, fur a Stock, to employ the said Poor, and for their further Relief, to commence from the First of May, x 710.

Ordered, That Leave be’ given to bring in a Bill,

ment, for the Petitioners Relief, hoping, the House will make it effectual this Session 1 and that, for preventing the Petitioners future Sufferings in the like Nature, her Majesty will, at the Conclusion of a general Peace, retain to her Crown the entire Sovereignty, of the said Island,

according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that conquered by her ArmS, and defended with the daily

Sir I'/iUiam$t. Quintin apd* Mr. do prepare,

and 6/ing in, the Li(l. *

.* r

t

A Petition of Mr. Rirhard Ford, Mayor of Guldeford, in Surrey, and of Mr. "John and others, was

presented to the 1 Joule, and read; setting forth, that

Hazard of the Petitioners Lives and Fortunes.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor distressed Inhabitants of the Island of Nevis, Sufferers by His late Invasion of the French in March, 170 was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have on all Oc-citions signalized themselves as faithful Subjects to the Crown of Great Britain; but the French, invading both Nevis and St. Chnjlophers at the same time, with a much superior Force, whereby they were prevented from assist-

Rrft reining building.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said' Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Bakers of Kingston upon Thames, in *ng each other, took Nevis, and the greatest Part of $r. the County of Surry, was presented to the House, and C//r//f'op//err, and brought the Petitioners to lb great Want read; setting forth, that there is a Bill brought into the of Necessaries, to subsist, tjiat they cannot continue there, House, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, without the Assistance of the House, they having ex-

wherein are several Clauses, which tend to the utter Ruii\ haufted what tjiey bad in England of their own, and the

of the Bakers Trade, there being no Poflibijity of com- Assistance given thtm by their Friends: That the Vote of plying the rewith: And praying, that they may be heard tIj'S House, last Session, in their Favour, kept them from by Counsel, touching the said Bill. deferring their miserable Habitations, in certain Hopes,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition the same will be renewed, and madeeffectual this Sessions, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is whereby they may be supplied by their Correspondents

committed. ' r with Necessaries at the cheaprft Hand: That, the ugh

some Gentlemen, that have Estates here, may a have A Petition of Sir Thomas Skipzvith, Baronet, Richard Estates in or elsewhere, as may not render them

Gough, Esquire, John (Varner, Goldsmith, and (Valter Objects of the Consideration of the House, yet the Peti-Bayr.es, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and tioners, refilling at are real Objects of Cornpaf-

read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have lately pur- Aon and Chanty, and hope, the Sufficiency of their chafed, certain Freehold Lands lying contiguous to the Friends shall benoObstacle to the Petitioners Necefliries: Buildings upon the West, and North-north-Cast, of Grayes And praying the Compassion and Relief of the House Inn, and Grays Inn Lane, in prolpeft of building theroon: in their miserable Circumstances.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Plantations in the Islands of Nevis and St. Chrifioin America, and of feveraj Persons, trading to the lame, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Sufferers, Inhabitants on the

Security of Rtnta.

That there is a Bill depending in the House, to restrain the building upon new Foun'kitions, in the Cities of London and Westminster, to which several Clauses are allowed, for laving the P.’ghts of divers Persons for gr?at Quantities of Land lyi:g more remote from the Town: And praying, that they may have a like saving, foid Islands, was presented to the House, and read; set-Clause for their laid Lands, or be otherwise relieved, as ting forth, that the House, having formerly considered the House shall think fit. the Petitioners deplorable Condition, by reason of the late

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, dreadful Invasion of the French, addressed her Majesty,

until the Report be made Jrom the Committee, to whom that a Commission might go, to examine into the fad Cir-the said Bill is committed. cumstances of the said Islands; and a Return having been

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this made, and laid before this House in the last Session, the

Day Seven-night.* House granted to her Majesty, for Relief of the said

‘ , Sufferers, One hundred and Three thousand Two hundred

Mr. Aiflabypresented to the House (according to and Three Pounds, for enabling them to resettle, so as Order) a Bill fonthe better Security of Rents, and to they might become beneficial and useful to this Kingdom; prevent Frauds committed-by Tenants; and the same but, before that Matter could be brought to full Effect,

was received, and read the-First time. the Parliament was prorogued: That many of the said

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Sufferers are reduced to the greatest Wants, and stand

Vol. 16. ' 4 P obliged

Puffing

Sheriffs

Accounts.

Recruiting Che Land Forces.

Supply Bill;

Excise

Duties.

Portsmouth, See Fortifications.

Privilege.

Thames

Firtiery.

334 22* — 23 a FebrA. 1709.

obliged to the Compassion and good Offices of their Friends for their Support, and who, in hopeful Assurances of a speedy Relief, have in great Measure encouraged their Stay upon the said ruined Islands: And praying the House to commiserate their distressed Condition, and to perfect the Relief, originally intended them, that so the said lilands may be enabled to redound to the Honour and Advantage of these Kingdoms, as formerly they did.*

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts, was committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Act for the recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, which they had^ directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole 'House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodifies, and for establishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to raiseTen hundred thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities, and, in Default thereof, by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrtr took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report of the Proceedings of the Commissioners, appointed by her Majesty’s Letters Patents to treat and agree for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall be judged proper to be purchased, for the better fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, and also the Abstract of the total Sums, for Purchase of Lands, (Ac. at Portsmouth, Chatham, and,

be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Aifiaby acquainted the House, that John Far-

rington, and others, against whom a Complaint was made of i Breach of Privilege against. the said Mr. Aifiaby, had given him Satisfaction, in relation to the Matter of the said Complaint; and therefore he desired, thqt the Committee of Privileges might be discharged from proceeding further in that Matter: With which the House being satisfied;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding in the Examination of the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That all the Members, that serve for the Sea-ports and Cinque Ports, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Fishery , within the River of Thames, and for the Regulation and Government of the Company of Fishermen of the said River, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2 3* die Februarii;

Anno 8* Anna Regina, 1709.

Prayers.

THE Lord William Powlett reported froru the Com- Weeks’ mittee, to whom the Bill to enable the Trustees L‘ntUfe. of the last Will and Testament of Tho. Hobbs, Doctorin Physick, deceased, with Abraham Weeks, Esquire, to make a Jointure upon the Wife of the said

Weeks, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the ffill , which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they Were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question levCrally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, ^vith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for regulating of Sarvants Wages, and for the Servant* better Tlecovery of the fame,0and also for making the Wa^ei, Act, made.in the Fifth Year of the’ Reign -of Queen Eliz.

(intituled, An Act, containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices) more effectual, was read a Second tyne.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

hagh.Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Baker, Mr. Thomson, Mr.

Ball, Mr. Ferritr, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. , Lord Co- . ningsby, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Gale, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. An-' neftey, Lord* Powlet, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Morgan, Mr. W Mr. Sherrardf Mr. Buckingham, Sit Robert Eden: And all, that come, are to have Vofees: And they are to meet this Afternoon^ at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the more easy Recovery of small Debts in the West Riding of contracted bywlafons, Taylors, Smiths, Servants, Colliers, Clothiers, Shoemakers, other Artificers, Handicrafts, and labouring Men, in the Bill mentioned;

It passed in the Negative. "

A Petition of Peter Jaquin Saint Pierre, Mathew de French Gaftines, Paul Boyer, John Dubaurdieu, Peter Sihefiret Protestante, &c. in behalf of themselves, and many other French Pro* ^l*’ testants, as also of several Children of French Proteiiants, deceased, settled in her Majesty’s Dominions, was presented to the House, and*read; setting forth, that by the French King’s- Edicts, and Declarations, all those, ;that are come out of France upon Account of Religion, are declared to have forfeited their Bodies and Estatesj jifid the feme are executed with the ufrnoftRigour, inso much* that not one-Refugee has been able to recover any thing, on any Account whatever; and (heir Children are also excluded from the Succession of their Relations, living > in France *, and yet those in France come daily hither, and claim, and inherit, Estates; which Practice is contrary to Equity, and thereby her Majesty’s Dominions are deprived of many EstatesAnd. praying such Relief in the Pretnifes, as to the House shall Item meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given, to bring in a Bill to prevent the Subjects of the French King, residing in his Dominions, from claiming, or enjoying, any Estates of their Relations, dying in her Majesty Dominions; and that Mr. Hampden, Lord Wnt. Powlett, Mr. Nevill, Mr.

15 *' Gale,

3

8 Ann.

23* Februarii.

Gale, Mr. Secretary Boyle, and Mr. Medlicot, do prepay and bring in, the Bill.

Debtor* A Petition of several poor Prisoners ra the common Petition*. Gaol at ^Beverly, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they have been long imprisoned, and, though their Debts are but small, yet they have nothing to pay them, and Corn being excessive dear, the Petitioners are almost famished: And praying such Relief and Enlargement, as the House shall think convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the poor Debtors in the Prison at ffin-chester, Belonging to the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; fettingfprth, that they >are willing to yield up all they are worth to their Creditors, for their Liberty, in order thereby to get a Livelihood for themselves, and Families: And praying the gracious ^Confederation of the House towards the Petitioners, and all others under the like miserable Circumftlnces.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, shall be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners and insolvent Debtors in the , Gaol at Carlyle, for the County of Cumberland, was

Presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the etitioners are ciofc Prisoners, and in a most dismal Place, under the greatest Hardships imaginable, are utterly loll: And praying, that a Bill may pais for their Relief, so as they may lacrifice their Lives in her Majesty’s Service, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, be read d Second time.

Public Debt* Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her ot Scotland. Majesty, that (he will be pleased to direct the Judges of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to lay before this House, a State of such publick Debts, and Claims, as have been brought before them in Pursuance of an Act of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Supply Bill; Mr. Farrer (according to Order) presented to the

Impofjtions House, a Bill for continuing several impositions upon «oWine*,&c. Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Goods, and certain additional impositions on several Merchandizes, and the Duties upon Whale-fins imported, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710, and for appropriating certain Duties upon Salt, and Rock Salt, towards paying the Interest of the said Loan; and the Bill was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Medlycott:

Mr. Speaker,

Bett«firorth's The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Eftute. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Peter Bettesworth, Esquire, and the Trustees in his Marriage Settlement, to (ell certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Southampton and for Payment of

his Debts, and to settle another Estate, of greater yearly Value, for the better Provision for his Family.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Portsmouth, The Report of the Proceedings of the Commrffloners, kc. Fortifi- appointed by her Majesty’s Letters Patents to treat and cation*. agree for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall be judged proper to be purchased, for the better

Vo l. 16.

fortifying Porfmov.tlt, Chatham, and Harwich, and also the Abstract of the total Sums, for Purchase of Lands,

&c. at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, was (according to Order) read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the fame, and report their Opinion, what is fit to be further done thereupon;

And it is referred to General Erie, Lord Bruce, Sir IVm. Hufller, Mr. Curjon, Mr. Bruce, Lord,

Mr. Vernon, Sir William Scawen, Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Jo. -house. Lord Lumley, Mr. Pelham, Sir Robert Eden, Sit Fra. Mafharn, Mr. Papi/hn, Mr. Gxvyn, Sir William

IVythers, Mr. Poultney, Sir David Mr. Morifon,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Got I, Mr. Strangewayes, Mr,

Grevill, Mr, Cecill, Mr. Norris, Mr. Montgomery, Mr.

York, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Archer, Mr. Monson, Mr. Brydget, and all the Merchants of the House; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent, Southampton, and

Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit in diem; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Leverpool* Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Dock.

a convenient Dock or Docks at Leverpoole, for the Security of all Ships, trading to and from the said Port of Leverpoole, was committed.

And the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Ship, which trades to shall pay the Duty.

And the same was once read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed irf the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being -

put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ia-

grossed f

The House divided: «.

The Yeas go forth:

.Tellers for d,e Yea* J,a3.

Tellers for theNoWto; f,07-So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

An ingrossed Bill for the better preventing excessive Prevention and immoderate Gaming, was read the Third time. ' of And the Amendments following were severally propqfed to be made to the Bill:

Press 6. L. 2. After " made " to insert except for " bowling, or playing at Tennis."

L. 13. After "Place" to insert "except for " bowling, or playing at Tennis."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for the better, preventing excessive, immoderate, and deceitful, Gaming.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee of Recruiting the whole House, so whom the Bill to continue the Act ^*K^nd for the recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1710, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by pne, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed untP by the House.

Ordered,

3$*

23d — 240 Februarii.

A. 1709.

African

Trade.

Supply Bill;

Excise

Duties.

Sacheverell’s

Impeachment.

Privilege.

Prohibition of printed Calicoes.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord William Pozvleit presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for settling the Trade to Africa; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants, trading to the LevaHt Seas, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the Hoofe, for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and by other Ways and Means, to raise^. 1,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1710, wherein there is a Clause, touching the Drawback on all exported Goods, which mutt very much discourage Trade in general, and the Levant Trade in particular; and the fair Merchants, and Men of ERates, cannot expose their Fortunes, or desire others to do the fame, by being Security for them; and, consequently, it will give the Trade to such, who can have no other Hopes of their Fortunes, but by dandeRine Practices: And praying, that they may be heard against the said Clause, or be otherwise relieved.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, Until the Report shall be made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Onflow1 reported from the Committee, who were

appointed to fee, what Conveniences and Accommodations are made in Westminster-hall for the Committee of this House, and the Managers, at the Trial of Doctor Henry Sacheverell; that they had seen the same accordingly; and that, they expressing their Dislike, several Alterations having been since made, they now find Accommodations for Four hundred Persons, befidfp the Managers.

Ordered, That the said Report bi taken into Confide-ration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges, touching the Complaint of a Breach of‘Privilege againR Mr. Gourdon, be received Tomorrow Morning.

t

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

V meris, 24.0 die Februarii;

Fomhili

Road.

Lefcari

Wi*.

Weeks'

Jointure,

Anno 8* Ann* Reginas, 1709.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the WorRed Weavers of the City of Norwich, and County of Norfolk, in behalf of themselves, and of the Wool-growers, Combers, Spinsters, ThrowRers, Dyers, Hot-preffers, Grofiers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactory, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and other Woollen Manufacturers, have formerly laid before the Parliament the sinking Condition of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, by the excessive Use 0 fEaflIndia Silks, and printed and Rained

Calicoes; to prohibit which, an Act passed, which was then thought sufficient to protest the IntereR of our Woollen Manufactures; but since that Time some Persons here have found out Methods to print, and Rain, not only Paper, but also Calicoes, and other Linens, vaR Quantities whereof are daily fold, and used, for Gowns, Petticoats, Bedding, Curtains, Quilts, Hangings, and othe -wife; by which Means the Petitioners are in a worle Condition, than before, and their Manufactures at so low a Rate, that unless they have some speedy Relief, it threatens the utter Ruin of their Trade, and the Rarving ofimaoy thousand Families in the Kingdom, whole whole SubfiRcncc depends thereon: And praying, that the

House will take the Matter into Consideration, and prevent the using of printed Calicoes, and other Linen, and Paper Hangings in this Nation, which tend to the Ruin of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Samuel Buckley, on the behalf of himself, and divers others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that 5* Anna Regina, an Act passed, for repairing the Highway between Fomhili, in -

shire, and the Town of Stoney Stratford, for a I Years:

That by the Encouragement of the said Act, and the Trustees therein, the Petitioners advanced several Sums, towards carrying on and repairing the said Highways:

That there is a Bill now in the House, for making the said Act more effectual, and, if it should pass, as it now Rands, the Petitioners will be great Sufferers in many respects: And praying, that they may be heard by Coun-fel, or otherwise, againR the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, ujptil the fa^l Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the clefting a Burgefeto serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lefcard, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of William Brydges, Esquire, who, fincche waS elected a Burgess for the said Borough, hath been made AfiiRant to the Lieutenant General of the Ordnance.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable the Trustees of the laR Will'and TeRament of Thomas Doctor in Physic, deceased, with Abraham Weeks, Esquire, to make a Jointure upon the AVife of the said Abraham Weeks, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made use of, or that shall affect, any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and after- , wards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put there- , upon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, *

And the same was twice read, ana, upon the Question' put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made

Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Kennet whom the Bill for making the River Kennet navigable Navigation* from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee of Privileges, Privilege m

and Elections, to whom it was referred to examine the af?,t hT* Matter of the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege againR e® r' John Gordon, Esquire, a Member of this House, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the said Report, and Resolutions, were read, and an as follow j viz.

That, to make out the said Complaint, there was produced to the Committee, the Letters of Horning, at the Suit of James Smith, dated the 13th Day of December,

*70$):

The

Surrey

Rfgiftiy,

-71

"Xi

8 Ann. 240 — 250Februarii. 337

te:

U

I-'ti

i*

’’o'

The Execution of the said Letters by Messenger, the 20th of December, 1709:

And the Execution of the Denunciation thereupon by James Cleland, Messenger, of the 5th of January, 1710.

And that, upon this Evidence, the Committee came to the following Keiblucions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That James Smith, Ship-master in in the County of Kincardine, in prosecuting Join Gordon, Esquire, a Member of this House, by a Charge of Horning, dated the 20th of December, 1709, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of Parliament.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ff'm.Hay, Messenger in , in executing

the said Charge of Horning, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of Parliament.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That James Cleland, Messenger in Edinburg, in denouncing the said John Gordon, Esquire, upon the said Charge of Horning, on the 5th of January, 1710, according to the Computation used in Scotland, is guilty of the Breach of the Privilege of Parliament.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered That the said James Smith be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said H'm- Hey be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Ordered, That the fr.id James Cleland be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

printed, or published, without the Leave of this House.

Ordered, That no Person, but Members of this House, do presume to lit in the Place, prepared For the said Members in IVflmiifter-hall, at the Trial of Dr. Henry Sacheverell,

Ordered, That the Passage for the Members of the House, to and from their Places in U'cstminster-hall, be kept clear, for their more convenient Passage; and that the Serjeant and Officers, attending this House, do cake care accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to fee, what Conveniences and Accommodations are made in IV eft -minster-hallfor the Committee of this House, and the Managers, at the Trial of Dr. Henry Sacheverell, do examine, and report to the House, what other Provision may be made, for securing the said Passage, according to the aforesaid Order.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the making, or Fraudulent using, fradulent Coopers Vessels, be read a Second time Cooper* Tomorrow Morning. Veflils*

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Security of Rents, Security of and to prevent Frauds, committed by Tenants, be read a R#Dt»* Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Cock.

Sabbati,25® die Februarii;

Anno 8* Anna; Regina;, 1709. Prat ers.

1

j

Kington Sir IVm.St. Quin/in presented to the House (according

poiiHull to Order) a Bill lor the more cflebtual Provision lor the

or" Poor in the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and the kune wns received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee of the whole liutjes. House, to whom the Bill for granting to her Majesty new u es* Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and for cflablishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to raise Ten hundred thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities and, in Default thereof, by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Insolvent Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors. Debtors, be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

African Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Trade to Africa, Trade. be read Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Knight’s A(ft for Sale of several lands and Hereditaments Eftats. of Isaac Knight, Esquire, in the Counties of Nottingham and York, for the Payment of the Portion of Hannah, the Wife of Thomas Stones, Esquire, and the Arrears of an Annuity, payable to Dickenson Knight, Gentleman, and for settling the Overplus to the same Uses, to which the Lands, to be loid, do stand limited, and for charging other Lands with the said Annuity, was read a Second time.

Kefolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. White, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chambers, Sir Wm. St. Quint in, Mr. Chafe, Sir Gilbert Mr. Harley, Mr. Rich, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Powlett, Lord,

Mr. Monson, Mr. Masters, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ferrier, Mr.

Gale, Mr. IVinftanley, Mr. Thompson Mr. Onslow, Sir John Awbry, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Pocklington, Mr.

MonOon, Mr. Heysham, Mr. fVi/fon and all that serve

for the Counties of Vorkand Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to F*f* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Fife, in the room of Patrick Moncrif, the younger, of Esquire,

deceased.

A Bill for the more effectual Provision for the Poor Kington Sacheverell’s The House proceeded to take into Consideration the in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was (according to uP°n HuR impediment. Report from the Committee, appointed to lee, what Con- Order) read the First time. Poor*

veniencesand Accommodations are made in Westminster- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. hall for the Committee of this House, and the Managers, Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon at the Trial of Doctor Henry Sacheverell. Monday Morning next.

And the same was read.

Ordered, That nothing, that shall be laid by any Mem- A Bill to enable the Corporation of Leverpoolrto make Liverpool* ber of this House, or by any Person, that shall be pro- a Grant to Sir Cleave More, Baronet, for Liberty to bring WaterwoA, duced as a Witness in behalf of the Commons of Great fresh Water into the Town of Leverpoole, was read the Britain, in the Trial of Doctor Henry Sacheverell, be Second time.

Vol. 16. 4 Q Resolved,

2 5" Febrtt

ryotj.

Wefimtnfter-hall clear, that the Members of this House may not be incommoded.

Mr. Beitfon reported from the Committee, to whom Mine

the Petition of several Creditors, and Proprietors of Priri- Adventure cipal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, on behalf of themselves, and several

Mine

Adventure

Company.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Pat. Jobuston, Mr. Wild, Mr.

Hungerford, Sir Gilbert Healhcott, Lord Rowlett, Colonel

Moreton, Lord Mr. Mr. Witfon, Mr.

Peyton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Woellafion, Sir Walt. Yonge,

Mr. Heysham, Mr. Aujlin, Mr. Palmer, Mr. White, Mr.

Manley, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Farter, Mr. Ferrier, Sir

Hen. Peachy: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Widows and Orphans, Members and Creditors of the Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber. Company of the said Mine Adventure, and other Peti-

tions, are referred; that they had directed him to acquaint Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition the House, that William Sheeres, Secretary to the Com-of several Creditors, and Proprietors of Principal Money, pany of Mine Adventurers, and Ibo. Dykes, their Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventures of Eng- Cashier, being summoned to attend the Committee, to land, on behalf of themselves, and several Widows and be examined, as Witnesses, they had, in Contempt of the Orphans, Members and Creditors of the Company of the said Committee, very much prevaricated with them, and said Mine Adventures, and other Petitions, are referred, refused to anfvrer such Questions, as were required by the have Leave to fit, during the fitting of the House. Committee.

Ordered, That the said Wm. Sheeres be, for his said Burlip A Bill to regulate the Abuse of a Turnpike, erected Contempt, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at turnpike-, on the Highways between Burlip and Gloucester, was Arms attending this House.

read a Second time. That the said ‘Thomas Dykes be, for his laid

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. NetriN, Contempt, taken into the Custody of the Seaijeant at Sir Fran Ma/ham, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Arms attending this House.

John Awbry, Sir Pair. Jobuston, Mr. White, Mr. Cam- Ordered, That the Serjeant do bring the said Wm.

pion, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Colonel Moreton, Mr. Ben- Sheers and The. Dykes to the said Committee, when, and son, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Geo. Newland, Sir as often as, he shall be by the said Committee required Gil. Elliott, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Wm. Wythers, Mr. Switi- so to do.

fen, Mr. Richmond, Lord Powlet. Sir Wm. Huffier, Mr.

Peyton, Mr. Gale, Mr. Abercrombie; and all that serve An ingrossed Bill to continue the Act for the recruitr Recruiting for the Counties of Glaucefterand Hereford, and for W.ales:ing her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the the Land

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in -Service of the Year 1710, was read the Third time. ForcM’

Clan

Ifri

Tn

dBo

the Speaker’s Chamber.

Weeks’ An ingrafted Bill to enable the Trustees of the last Jointure. Will and Testament of Thomas Hobbs, Doctor in Physick, deceased, with Abraham Weeks, Esquire, to make a Jointure upon' the Wife of the said Abraham Weeks, was _ . (according to Order) read the Third time.

Resolved, That the bill do pais; and that the Title be. An Act to enable the Trustees of the last Will and Testament of Thomas Hobbs, Dr. in Physick, deceased, with Abraham Weeks, Esquire, to make a Jointure upon the Wile of the said Abraham Weeks.

Ordued. That the Lord Wm. Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to continue the Act for the recruiting her Majesty’s Land.Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr-

Medlicott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that they will give Order for summoning the Witnesses, to be produced at the Trial of Doctor Henry Sacheverell, as desired.

Sachcverel?

Impeach incut-

StchevtreU’s

Impeachment.

A Bill for making more effectual the Act for repairing the Highway between Fornhill, in the County of Bedford, and Stoney Stratford, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hampden, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Arundell, Lord Wm. Powlet. Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Coats, Mr. Butler, Mr. Ward, Mr. Annesley, Kir. Peyton, Sir Walter Ytnge, Colonel Moreton, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Edward I.aurenct, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Manly, Mr. Yate, Mr. Barker, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Moor; and all that serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Chester, Nottingham, Lancaster: And all, that come, are to have Voices:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock,

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, by Mr. Dolben, with the Names of such Witnesses, as are to he examined, to make out the Impeachment against Doctor Henry Sacheverell; and to desire that the Lords will make forth Summons for their Attendance at the said Trial on Monday next; viz. for Hen. Clements, Book-feller, Thomas Elliott and Richard Macy, his Servants.

Ordered, That Mr. Jodrell, Clerk of this House, do attend at the said Trial with the Two Sermons, shewed to the said Dr. Henry Sacheverell at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Door of the Place, appointed for the Members of this House at the Trial of the said Doctor Henry Sacheverell, be not opened, till Mr. Speaker comes to the fame.

Ordered, That the Managers of the Impeachment in the Speaker’s Chamber, against Doctor Henry Sacheverell do first go out of the Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petitions, House to the Places, appointed for them in Westmin- which lie upon the Table, till that Bill be read a Second ffer-hall, before the other Members do go out of the time, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said House.

Ordered, That, after Mr. Speaker shall have left the Chair, according to the Resolution o( the House, to be at the Trial of Doctor Henry Sacheverell, as a Committee of the whole House, the Members be called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual, for their more regular Proceeding.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of the Houte, till the County, for and in which he serves. be called.

Ordered, That the Constables of Westminster do give their Attendance, for keeping the Padages to and from *7

Fornhill

Road.

Bill is committed.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom the Capture^ Petition of Samuel Sheppard, John Lambert, and John 'Winn. James David, of London, Merchants, and John Mead, of London, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con-fidevation upon ThursdayMorning next.

Mr.

L

Airway's

Charities.

African

Tra'U.

Copy Right of Books.

VeUries.

Mioe

Adventure

Company*

Cooper's

Court of

Justiciary,

Scotland.

Faffing

Sheriffs

Accounts.

8 Ann. 25%-27" Tebruarii. 3 39

Mr. Medh'eott presented to the House (according to whom the Bill for more ca parting Sherife Accounts,

Order) a Bill to enable the present acting Trustees under was committed, be received upon this Day Seven-night, the Wid of Thomas Amway, late of Westminster, Gentle-

man, deceased, to deliver up to the Governors of the Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the making, or using, Fraudulent Hospitals of the Green Coats, and Grey Coats, in Tot hill fraudulent Coopers Vessels, be read a Second time upon Coopers . Fields, nM luth Moneys, and Securities, as they have in Tuesday Morning next. Vessels.

their Power, under the said Charity, and to veil the real

and personal Ellate, belonging to the fame, in the Cover- OrThat the Bill for the better Security of Rent*, Security of nors of the said Hu!j. ita’s, lor the Benefit of the poor and to prevent Frauds, committed by Tenants* be read Rents. Children therein; and the same was received. a Second time upon Monday Seven-night.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upoo Monday Morning next. Ord, That Mr. Winjfanley, Mr. Campion, Mr. Laws relat-'

Ward, Mr. heton, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. , Mr. I0£ to

A Bill to settle the Trade to Africa, was (according to Auflhr, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Docmhtique, Mr. , Sir wa^*‘ Order) read the First time. _ Hen. Peachy, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Coatsworth, Mr. Gale,

Rtjohei, That the Bill be read a Second time. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon the Laws, for repairing the Highways, more effectual,

Wednesday Morning next. is committed.

Mr. Compton (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Encouragement of Learning, and for securing the Property of Copies to the rightful Owners thereof, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill t and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question tlverally put thereupon (with Amendments to feme of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that, if any Person Hull incur the Penalties of the A<fl in -land, they lb ill be recoverable in the Court of Session there.

And the fime was twice read, and, upon the Question

put thereupon, a-reed u:uo by the House, to be made Par. of he

And some other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, Tiut the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill to regulate all fele<5l Vestries within the weekly Bills of Mortality, be read a Second time upon this Day Seven-night, at One a Clock, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Creditors and Proprietors of Principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, on behalf of themselves, and several Widows and Orphans, Members and Creditors of the Company of the said Mine Adventure.and other Petitions, were referred, be received upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of JoJieph Cooper, Gentleman, was (according to Order) read the *yiird time.

Rejohed, That tire Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of JJcph Cooper, Gentleman.

Ordered, That Mr. Medticot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 27° dieFebruarii;

Anno 8* Annae Regin#, 1709.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jmnen^ for veiling the several Manors and Lands therein Eft*te,; mentioned, in the County of Oxon, late the Inheritance of William Jennens, Esquire, deceased, and by his Marriage Settlement conveyed to the Uses therein expressed, in Trustees, to be sold, for clearing several Incumbrances thereupon, precedent to the said Marriage Setdement, and inverting the Surplus of the Money, arising by such Sale, in a I’urchafe ot other Lands, to the like Lffes, as were limited by the said Marriage Settlement, and for vesting in the said Trullees such Eilate, and Interest as the said IVm. 'Jennens, or his Trustees, named in his Marriage Settlement, lnd in certain Lands, heretofore called the Marsh Lands, in the Parish of St. Giles's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, subjod to the several precedent Incumbrances thereupon, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John house. Sir John Bennett, Mr. Bromley, Sir Robert,

Mr. DoJbcn, Mr. Rlagrave, Sir WmWhitlock, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ball, Mr. Vale, Mr. Annejley, Sir IVm. Hvftler,

Mr. Nevill, Mr. Fane, Mr. Mcdlicott, Sir Robert Jenkm-son, Mr. Ward, Lord Lumhy, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Evel\n, Sir Fra. Mosham, Sir Git. Dolben, Mr. Rtnda,

Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Cartwright, Colonel Mr.

Duncomb, Mr. Fielding, Sir 7 ho.Hanmer, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Prije, Mr. Archer, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Gvuym

and all that lerve for the Counties ot Oxon, Berks, Bucks, and Wilts:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Members Mace into the Partakes towards Westminster-hall, and summoned. Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend their Service in the House.

An ingrossed Bill for discharging the Attendance of Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual Provision Kingston Noblemen, Barons, and Freeholders, upon the Lords of for the Poor in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, be read uP°n Hull Judiciary in their Circuits in that Part of Great Britain a Second time Tomorrow Morning. *>oor*

Called Scotland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, The Order, for the House to be present at the Trial SacheveneH’* An Act for discharging the Attendance of Noblemen, of Doctor Henry as a Committee of the

Karons, and Freeholders, upon the Lords of Judiciary whole House, being read;

in their Circuits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scot- Ordered, That the Names of the Members, who were land, and for abohshing the Method of exhibiting crimi- appointed to be Managers, be called over, nal Informations by the Porteous Roll. And they were called over accordingly; and went to

Ordered, That Sir David Ramsey do carry the Bill to the Places, appointed for them, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. And then the House resolved itfolf into a Committee

of the whole House, in order to be prefect at the said Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Trial.

Vo 1. 16. Mr.

Punishing Mutiny and Uefertion.

SachevereiPs

IiDpeachntnu

Retraining

Buddings.

Am way's Charities.

34°

2+7° Febru*

/4. 1709.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Hospitals of the Green Coats and Grey Coats, in Tot kill

And then the Members were (according to Order) Fields, all such Moneys, and Securities, as they have in Called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; their Power under the said Charity, and to vest the real

and they went into Westminster.hall accordingly. and personal Estate, belonging to the lame, in the Go-

And whereas, by the Order of the House, Mr. Speaker vernors of the said Hospitals, for the Benefit of the poor was to have gone first, and the Clerk to call the Counties Children therein, was (according to Ordei) read the First

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

afterwards; it was moved, and unanimously agreed by the House, That, for the more regular Proceedings of the Members, Mr. Speaker be desired to stay, after he had left the Chair, till the last, and to lee all the Members to proceed, as the Counties were called. And thereupon Mr. Speaker did, after he had left the Chair, go down into One of the short Seats at the lower End of the

The Lord tVm. Powlet reported from the Committee, Exporting to whom the Bill to explain lo much of the Act for CorD'

prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and low Wines,

House, adjoining to the Bar, or into the Passage below Spirits, Worts, and Wash, drawn from malted Corn,

the Seats, as he thought was convenient for him, and did (land there,- to see the Members go, by their Counties, as the Clerk, at the Table, called them over by the Return Book: And, after all the Members were gone, Mr. Speaker followed them to his Place, which had been prepared, and was reserved, for him, in the Middle of the Front Sear, next to the Lords Court.

And afterwards the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, went, and fat behind the Managers, in one of the Seats, which had been prepared and set apart for the Managers, to be at hand, if any thing were wanting, or should be required of them by the Managers.

Note, That the Places provided for the Members of the House of Commons, was on the Right Hand of the Throne:

And the Managers, who were of the long Robe, were without their Gowns.

Mr. Speaker, and the Members, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

whereby the said Commodities are admitted to be carried from the Isle of Wight to several Markets, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table j where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with lorne Amendments to one of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Mellof:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Recruiting to continue the Act for recruiting her Majesty’s Land the Laud Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1710, *0fCCS-without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Frail

fofer

\&k

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriff, Citizens, and Com- Prohibition

,.....__________ monahy, of the City of Norwich, in Common Council of printed

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting CaUlcwe»*

of the whole House. forth, that the Trade of the said City chiefly depeubs

Rc/tlved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- upon the Woollen Manufactory, for the Encouragement ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole whereof an Act formerly passed, to hinder the Importa-House, upon the said Bill. tion of printed and stained Calicoes, and other East India

Goods; but, since that Act, some Persons, for their own A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ftllowes, and Mr. private Gain, have found out Ways to print, and {lain,

Mellor: not only Paper, but also Callicoes, and other Linens, in

Mr. Speaker, England, in vast Quantities, which are fold, and uied. The Lords have commanded'us to acquaint this for Hangings, Gowns, Petticoats, Curtains, Quilts, Bed-House, that they will be fitting Tomorrow Morning at ding, £sV. which is more destructive to the Woollen Ten of the Clock, in Westminster-hall, upon the Trial of Manufactures, and the Trade of the said City, than be-Dr. Henry Sacheverell. fore the said Act; and Thousands of poor Families will

And then the Messengers withdrew. thereby be undone, without some speedy Relief: And

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Ten praying the Consideration of the House, for the Prefer-a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole vat ion, and Encouragement, of the Woollen Manufac-House, in order to be present at the Trial of Dr. Henry tures of this Kingdom.

Sacheverell. Ord, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Dia

A Petition of Peter Fofier, of London, Salter, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is seised in Fee of divers old Messuages, with large Garden Plots, lying in the Parish of St. without Bishopsgate, which were lett for 99 Years, which

Term will expire in 1713; and the said Messuages must be pulled down, and rebuilt, but not in the same Manner, and upon the feme Foundation: That there being a Bill in the House, to restrain the building upon new Foundations, within the Cities of London and Westminster, it will very much prejudice the Petitioner’s Interest, if it should pass into a Law: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

A Bill to enable the present act ing Trustees, und^r the Will of Thomas Arnway, late of "Westminsiq-, Gentleman, dcccafed, to deliver up to the Governors of the

M. Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Aston, Deputy Royal Alfa* Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills,

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bills following;

An Afor continuing the Act for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Service of the Year 1710;

An Act for employing the Manufacturer?, by encouraging the Consumption of raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn:

An Act for repairing the Highways between the;

House, commonly called the Heft, in the

Parish of St eke G aldington, in the County of , and the Town of Northampton:

Aa

Ditto

KingQoo upon Hull Poor.

8 Ann.

z 7° — i8® Febrtarii.

34*

An Act for making effectual the Prorifoni, intended serve her Majesty by Sea or Land, for the'V L'befiv a

... . U /* a j ~ tU* 14fK i 11

by tVm.Hayward, late of in the County of

Cioncester, Esquire, drceased, for Payment of his Debts, and providing Portions for his younger Children:

An Act to enable Peter Bettejworthy Esquiae, and the Trustees in his Marriage Settlement, to (ell certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Southampton, and Sitfleif, for Payment of hisDebts, and to settle another Estate, of greater yearly Value, for the better Provilkm foe his Family.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Assize of bread.

Fraudulent

Cooper*

VeftU.

Debtor*

Petition.

And praying such Relief therein, as to the House flijjll, leem meet.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the raid Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Bakers of the Town of Nottingham was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there being a Bill now depending in the House, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, the Petitioners conceive, it will be very prejudicial to tire whole Trade of Bakers in general; and that, as the Bill is penned, there is no Possibility of any Compliance therewith: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel, touching the Matter of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the (aid-Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee, if they think fit.

The Itoufis being informed, that several Strangers were Places in in the Places in Westminster-hall, prepared for the Mem- WeUmiofteN

bers of this House} ch,^0bfe

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this strangers. House, do go, and acquaint those Persons with the Order of this House, of Friday lad. That no Persons, but Members of this House, do presume to fit in the Places,

Martisy28° dieFebruarii;

Anno 8" Annas Regina?, 1709.

Praters.

ABILL to prevent the making, or uGng, fraudulent Coopers Vessels, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Hcaihcott, Mr. Windham, Sir fVm. Wythers, Mr. Hex,

Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Ire ton. Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Sher-

raid, Mr. Diflatu Mr. Herne, Mr. Calthorp, Sir Wm.

Strickland, Sir IVm. Ashurst, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Cha. . , . - . ... , .

ftrwr, Mr. DaakmmL, Mr. Dvrk't, Lord CMaiJy, Pref‘r'dkforc, hc fald Memters a IVcfimmJlv-kaU.

Sir U'm. Seamen, Mr. Hanley, Mr. Nerru, Mr. aJL*, And the Segflvit»« accordingly:

Mr. Paeklmjem, Sir Meek. Fearin'*Mr. Bacon, Mr. A^"*. hc rrporKd, that lk PUce.

Floor, Mr Chafe, Sir John Gaifc.Mr Oumley, and all Prov, ded for thcMcmbm, were cleared of all Straogov

the Merchants of the H use; and I all, that fetve for the Qrierti, That the Report from the Committee, to u Counties of Hereford, H ore ejkv> and Mtddk/^x: And they whom the Bill for making the Kiver Kennet navigably Navigiftipi*

t /\ £\ A 4 K A # t * m m~\ M A li a m a mm £ ft mm. mm ltf a m A r% a a* y 9 > m 0 mm M

from Reading to in the County or Berks, was

committed, be received upon Morning next.

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and

Commonalty, of Soap-makers of London, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that in a Bill now

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace into the Passages, and summon the Members there.

Members

summoned.

in the House, to prevent the making, or using, fraudu- and upon the Stairs, to attend their Service in the House. lent Coopers Vessels, there ate several Things contained.

which, if it should pals into a l aw, will not only greatly prejudice the Petitioners, but all other her Majesty > Subjects: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel, before ti e laid bill do pal's.

Ordered, Ttiat the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Coun- the Places, appointed for them.

m /* , A m mJ 4 U a ! mm. I J mm I * — 1 m mX

lei before ti e Committee, if they think fit.

The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Sacheverell’s mittee of the whole House, in order to be present at the impeachment. Trial of Doctor Henry Sacheverell, being read j Ordered, That the Names of the Members who were appointed to be Managers, be called over.

And they were called over accordingly} and went to

A Bill for tire more eflWlual Provision for the Poor in the Town of King/}on upon Hull, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Thorn hag h, Sir Wm. St. Quint in, Mr. Chafe, Mr. A Infers, Mr. Duckett, Lord Lumley, Mr. Shepard, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir David Ramsey, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Gil. Heathcot, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Sir Hen. John Jbu, Mr. Wilson, Mr. H, Mr. Mr. ton, Mr. Coatfworlh, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Cooper, Mr. On-

flow, Mr. Chomley, Sir Cha. Cox, Mr. Bromley, Sir Rich.

How, Mr. Carnegy, Sir IVm. Hufier, Mr.

Mr. Aiflaby, Mr. sinnefley, Mr. Manley, Mr.

Mr. Frdding, Mr. Lambert, Sir H’m. and all that serve for the Counties of Fork and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in the County Gaol of Surrey, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read j setting

And then the House refoived itself into the said Coni' mictee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members were called over by the Cleric, by their Counties, as Yesterday; and they went into West-mmfltr-bail accordingly: And then Mr. Speaker, and after him, the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, as Yesterday;

And being returned.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellowes and Mr. Mellor:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, that the Lords will further proceed on the Trial of Doctor Henry Sacheverell at Ten a Clock To*morrow Morning, in IVflminster-balJ.

Ordered, That Mr. Heysham, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. AritndtH, Sir Robert Edth, Mr. Barker, Mr- Shepard, Mr. Manley, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Coats, Sir David Ramsey, Sir IVta. Williams , Mr. WhitcJuot, Lord Lum- ley» Mr. Wilflm, be added to the Committee, to whom

Ditto.-

Thames

forth, that the Petitioners are many Hundreds, and above the Bill for the better Preservation, and Improvement, Four rimes the Number of Prisoners in any County of the Fishery within the River of is committed.

Gaol in South Britain-, who fyffer Imprisopment merely through Misfortunes, and are condemned to the worst of Deaths, viz. starving, unless relieved by the House: That there arc fbme Hundreds of able-bodied Men, who are willing to deliver up their All to their Creditors, and Vo I. 16.

Ordered, That Sir Join Rennet, Sir Mturfl, Mr-Ireton, Mp Heme, Mr. Chamberf, Sir Rich, topple, Mr, Coatfwvlh, Mr. Hiftcbitfl/n, Sir Harvey Rltpes, Mr. Bur ridge, Gentry, Mr. Chafe, be added to tbf

4 R Committee,

ForpfciU

L,

34*

28® Februarii. — i ° Martii.

/4. i yog.

Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual Order, That the further Consideration of the Report Supply Bill; the Act for repairing the Hitrliway het»wn VnmhUL from the Committee of the whole HnnfV fn wlmm *!-><» Kxrii«

the Act for repairing the Highway between Fornhill, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the and Stoney Stratford, in the County of Bucks, is com- Bill for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, milted. and upon several imported Commodities, and for establifil-

ing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to raise Ten hundred thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities, and, in Default thereof, by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710, was committed, be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ex c lie Duties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jhfolvent

be b for*.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed to clear the Speaker’s Speaker’*

Chamber of Strangers, and lock up the Doors, and bring Chamber t®

the Keys, and lay them upon the Clerk’s Table. be cleared

ot Stranger*.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Excise and Majesty, that she will be pleased to direct the respective Customs in Commissioners and Comptrollers General of the Revenue Scollui'<l‘ of Excise and Customs, in that Part of Great Britain called

Mercurii, i* die Martii;

Anno 8* Ann* Regin*, 1709.

P* AYERS.

Aflue of A PETITION of the Bakers, and other Inhabitants, diread. Q( tjje Towns of Hertford and Ware, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Bill now depending, for regulating the

Price and Assize of Bread, there are several Clauses very _ __________

prejudicial to them, and likewise the Markets and Hert- Scotland, to lay before this House, a Breviate of the whole ford and Ware: And praying to be heard by their Counsel ^and neat prodUce of the said Revenue, from the against the said Bill. Commencement of the Union till Michaelmas last.

Ordered, That the ConGderation of the said Petition be , That the said Address be presented to her

referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is com- Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her mitted; and that the Petitioners be beard by their Coun- Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, fel before the Committee, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this SacTieverelV*

Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Trade to Africa, House> do go into the Places appointed for the Mem-

fee*

African

Trade,

Amway's Charities.

be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next, first Business.

the

A Bill to enable the present aiding Trustees under the Will of 'Thomas Arnway, late of Gentleman,

bers of this House in Westminster-halland clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, and in the Passages, to attend their Service in the House.

And be went accordingly:

And being returned j he reported, that the Places in

deceased, to deliver up to the Governors of the Hospitals Westminster-hall were clear of all Strangers, but that there of the Green Coats, and Grey Coats, in TothillFields, all were several Members in them, and in the Places, where such Moneys, and Securities, as they have in their Power, t^e Lords were to fit.

and to yeft the real and personal Estate, belonging to the Ordered, That the Serjeant do go, and summon the fame, in the Governors of the said Hospitals, for the Members there, to attend their Service in the House; Benefit of the poor Children therein, was read a Second and> -m cafc of their Refusal, that he report their Names

*mc* . to the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Med- And he went accordingly. lycott, Sir Cleeve Moor, Mr. Amejley, Mr. Farrer; Sir And the Serjeant being returned, and reported to the

lost

pat

;un

Will. Williams, Mr. Barker, Sir Fra. Masham, Lord Bulkley, Mr. . Conyers, Mr. Motifon, Mr.

Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hern, Mr. Dou-

House, that all the Places were clear;

Then the Names of the Members, who were appointed to manage the Impeachment against Dr.

glass, Mr. Gale, Mr. Fox, Mr. Thomson, Sir Robert Edon, were called over: And they went to the Places appointed Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lowndes, Major Churchill, Mr. Shacker- for them.

ley. Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Thornkaugh, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Ant. Churchill, Mr. Auftbi, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Nicholl, Mr. Cun-

ningham, Mr. Chace, Mr. Rose, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Archer, Mr. Peyton, Sir Ed. Williams; and all that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the Trial of Dr. Henry Sacheverell.

And the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as Yesterday; and they went into West-

Leflwithiel

Return.

minster-ball accordingly: And afterwards Mr.- Speaker, The House being informed, that the High Sheriff of andj after him, the Clerk, and Clerk Affvstant, as Yester-the County of Cornwall attended, he was called in, and at day;

the Bar examined in relation to the not making the Return for the Borough of L

And the House being satisfied with the Account he gave of that Matter;

Ordered, That the said High Sheriff be discharged from any further Attendance.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Medlycott and Mr. Fellowts:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, that the Lords will proceed further on the Trial of Dr. Henry Sacheverell at Ten of the Clock Tomorrow

Ditt«

Regulating M r. Bacon presented to the House (according to Order)

Hackney Bill for preventing Abuses and Disorders committed

C»clK., to by Cartmcn, Carmen or Carroonmen, Draymen, Sedan Momingrm

or Chairmen, and Hackney Coachmen; and the Bill was And then the_ Messengers withdrew received, and read the Full time. 0

Resolved, Thai the Bill be read a Second time.

Restraining Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Rntdinp. whom the Bill for restraining the Buildings upon new. Foundations in the Cities of London and was

committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine % Clock.

8 Ann.

a8 Martii.

343

1 ' X

i-A

Affire of BieaJ.

A

Ditto.

V»j

Jovis, 2° dfo Mart is;

Anno 8* Amur Regime, 1709.

Praters.

PETITION of William and several

others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that they conceive, if the BiH now depending, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, should pat's into an A&, the same would be prejudicial to them, and others, using the Baker’s Trade, and no Advantage to the Publick: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, touching the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom that Bill committed.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and the rest of the Company, or Society, of Bakers, incorporated within the Borough of Teukesbury. in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread (if patted into a Law) will, as they humbly conceive, be prejudicial

to the Bakers Trade in general, and more particularly to ....

the Petitioners; And praying to be heard by Counsel by leaving out against the said Bill. . , promising."

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition ..... be referred to the Committee, to whom that Bill is committed.

the Mettage, as directed; and that the Lords have ordered what was desired by this House.

13 i«

A Motion being made. That an humble Address be tar presented to her Majesty, that the will be graciously pleased to take effectual Measures to suppress the present Tumults, fetonFoot, and fomented, byPapifts, Non-jurors, and other Enemies to her Majesty’s Title and Government; and to issue her royal Proclamation, giving a Reward to suchs, as shall discover, and seize, those Incendiaries, as have been the Occasions of the late Tumults and Disorders;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, after " Nonjurors," the Word " Repub- licans.

And the Question being put, That the Word Republicans" be inserted;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for be Yeas,)^'

Tellers for he Noes So it passed in the Negative.

Anot her Amendment was proposed to be made therein,

" giving," and, intkad thereof to insert

]"4-

}*79-

Kennet

Navigation.

Members

(umiuooed.

SatherereH’s

lapcactocBL

The Order, for the receiving the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Burks, was committed, being read;

Ordered, That the Srijeant at Arms do go with the Mace into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being ref urn ed;

The Earl oi Hertford reported from the said Committee,

that they had nude several Amendments to the said Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next, the First Business.

Resolved, That this House will proceed, as they did Yesterday, to the Trial of Doctor Henry

Ordered, That a Mettage be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House being informed, that several Persons do come into the Place, where their Lordships do fit, in Westminster-hall, and from thence into the Places

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (he will be graciously pleased to take effectual Measures to suppress the present Tumults, set on foot, and fomented, by Papists, Nonjurors, and other Enemies to her Majesty’s Title and Government; and to illiie her royal Proclamation, promisii g a Reward to such, as shall discover, and seize, those incendiaries, as have been the Occasions of the late Tumults and Disorders;

It w'ls resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House a9 arc of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members, who were Sacheverell'i appointed to be the Managers of the Impeachment against J»p*eb*» Dr. Henry Sacheverell, be called over.

And they were called over accordingly; and went to the Places, appointed for them.

The House being informed, that there were several Members in Westminster-hall already, and others in the

Passages leading thither, notwithstanding the Endeavours of the Serjeant to clear those Places;

Ordered, That Sir Charles HothaMr. Gale, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Lockhart, and Sir James Cambell, do go with the Serjeant, ancLa Clerk, into the said

appointed for the Members of this House, they do desire Places, and Passages, and fee the Orders of the House that their Lord ships will order the said Place to be cleared obeyed, for clearing the said Places, and Passages; and of all Persons. to take the Names of such Members, as shall refuse to

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the said Mettage obey the lame, to the Lords. And they went accordingly:

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this And being returned;

House, do take into his Custody all such Persons, as shall Sir reported, that all the Members

be in the Places, prepared for the Members of this House who had been in the said Places, and Passages, were

in Westminsltr-hall, before the Members do go into their Places; and also all such Persons, as shall attempt to dome into those Places, while the Members are fitting the re.

Malmlbary Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to lcrve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the honourable Harry Mordaunt, Esquire, deceased.

Sacbaverell’a Mr. Conyers reported to the House, that he had (ac-laptadunciit. cording to their Order) been at the Lords, and delivered Vot. 16.

come fron\ thence into the House.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the Trial of Dr. Henry Sachevereli.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as Yesterday; and they went into Westminster-hall accordingly: And afterwards Mr. Speaker, and, after him, the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, as before:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Mettage

M4

2° — 3°

A Melfigc from tie Lords, by Mr. Fellms and

Mr. Medlycolt:

Mr. Speaker,

e are commanded by the Lorcte to acquaint this mpcM. u. J4oUfe, that they will proceed further on the Trial of Doctor Henry Sdcheverell Tomorrow Morning, at Tea of the Clock, in Weflmtnjl

And then the Messengers withdrew*

AofWer to Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the PJottfe, that her Address. had attended her Majesty with their Address; to which

her Majesty had been pleased to give this very gracious Answei':

Her Majesty is exfreniely ferifible of the great Cart and Concern of the House of Commons for the publick Peace upon this Occasion j and as her Majesty has a just Resentmentat these tumultuous and violent Proceedings, lo she will take immediate Care for suppressing them, and will lose no Time in endeavouring to find out the Authors and Abettofs, in order to bring them toPuoishment; and, to that Purpose, will daufea Proclamation to published, according to the Desire of this House.

Thanks on Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the humble Thanks Answer. of this House be returned to her Majesty, for her most gracious- Answer to their said Address.

Ordered, Nemine eontraThat a Committee be'

appointed, to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution;

And it is referred1 to Mr. Secretary Boyle, Sir Thomas Barker, Mr. Chancel for of the Exchequer, Mr. Top ham, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Connings by, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Will. Rowlett, Mr. Page, Mr. Onslow, Sir Joseph Jeky/k, Mf. Nevill, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Golf, Mr. Compton, Mr. Confer, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Letchmtre, Mr. Thomson, Sir Strickland, Mr. Midleton, Mr. Diston, Mr. Wentworth, Lord Lnmley; and they are immediately to withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber, and draw up the said Address.

Fraudulent . Ordered, That Mr. Ward, Sir Cha. Cox, Sir John Coopers Parfchs, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fapillion, Mr. Woolaflon, Vessel*. Mr. Churchill, Mr. Wicker, Mr. Lomax, Mr. Dibble, Mr. Norris, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Middleton, Sir Majfam, Mr. Bailis, Mr. Page, Mr. dale, Mr. Randall, Sir Thomas Webster, Mr. Renda, Sir isaac Rebow, Sir Wm.

Mr. Bere, Mr. Freeman, Sir Cleeve More, Mr. Halley, Mr. Duckett, Mr. H’innington, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Swinfeild, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill tt> prevent the making, or using, fraudulent Coopers Vends, Was committed.

A. 1709

repaid; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the fiiU be read a Second time.

Sir Wm. Sr. fhxitrtin reported, from the Committee, v-. to whom the Bill for the more effectual Provision for upon hCu the Poor in the Town of Kingston upon Hull^ was Poor, committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Report from The Committee, to whom the Petitions of several Creditors, and Proprietors Adventure of Principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine-Adventure of England, on behalf of themselves, and several Widows and Orphans, Members and Creditors, of the Company of the said Mine Adventure, are referred, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill to settle the Trade to , African

be read a Second time upon Tuesday next, at T weive a Trade. Clock.

A Petition of the Royal African Company was pre- Ditto, fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, should the Bill, now depending, intituled, " A Bill for settling " the Trade to Africa," pass into a Law, the same would be destructive to the Rights and Properties of your Petitioners, and their Trade: And praying to be heard, by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered That the Petitioners be heard by their Counfd, if they think fit, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Manky, Mr. Parker, be added to Fraudulent the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the making, Cooper* of using, fraudulent Coopers Vessels, was committed. VefleU.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to her Majesty new Duties upon Excise, Dut'e* and upon several imported Commodities, and for establishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and.

Means, to raise Ten hundred thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities, and, in Default thereof, by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710, was committed, be-further adjourned until Monday Morning next.

vtev?

isidl

-Idlf

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vienerisy 30 die Martii;

Anno 8* Ann® Regina;, 1709.

Prayers.

Fraudulent A PETITION of the Distillers, and Vinegar-Ccopeis xV makers, oh behalf of themselves, and divers others ' of the same Trade, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, that, if the Bill for the more effectual preventing all Coopers from making, and all Brewers, Soap-makers, and V megar-makers, from using, fraudulent Casks, pass into a Law, it will be a very gteat Oppteflion upon tire Petitioners: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against that Part of their Bill, which relates tt> them.

OrdftcA, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill ft committed.

Hailing the Mr. Medlycot presented to the House (according to MiUna. Order) a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1710, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not

The Lord WiWam Powlet reported from the Com- Emmerton* mittee, to whom the Bill for veiling the Freehold and Estate' Copyhold Estate of William Emmerton, Esquire, deceased, in the Parish of Chevening, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for the better Support of his Widow, and Advancement of hisT wo Daughters, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the' Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which theyv had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in, at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration To-motrow Morning, the first Bufmefe.

Ordered, That the Four first Members present, named in the Return Book, do (with the Serjeant, and a Clerk) go into the Places in Westminster-hall, prepared for the Members of this House, and, if they find any Strangers therein, who refuse togo out, or, if any shall attempt to get in, that the Serjeant do take them into his Custody; and, that if any Members shall be in the said Places, and shall not return to their Service in the House, before the other

Members

V

8 Ann.

3" — 4° M

345

Members go from thence, that their Names be reported to the House at the tuft Opportunity.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members, who were appointed to be the Managers of the Impeachment against Dr. Henry Sachevere, be called over.

And they were called over accordingly; and went to the Places appointed for thorn.

Resolved, That this House will Immediately refjlve itself into a Committee of the whole House, its ardor to be present at the Trial of Dr. Henry Sacheverell.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole I Joule accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left tire Chair.

And the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as Yesterday; and they went into minster-hall accordingly: And afterwards Mr. Speaker, and, after him, the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, as before:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr. Mel la:

Mr. Speaker,

Sachevtrell’t The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this iojeiduiiciii. House, that they will proceed further on the Trial of Dr.

Henry Sacheverell Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster-hall.

A ad then the Mdteogen withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 4* die Martii;

Anno 8* Anns Regin*, 1709.

Travers.

EmmerW. rn £ House (according to Order) proceeded to take

X into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling the Freehold and Copyhoid Estate of William Emmert Esquire, deceased, in the

Parish of Omening, in the County of Knu, in Trustee*, to be sold, ft* the better Support of his Widow, and Advancement of his Two Daughters, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were read a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Affix* of A Petition of the Headfmen, and Wardens, of the Bread. Company of Bakers in the City of Norwich, in the behalf of themselves, and of others, using the same Trade, wa6 prelected to the House, and read; letting forth, that, if the Bill, now depending, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, do pass into a Law, they conceive, ’twill be prejudicial to them, and all ocher Bakers, and no Advantage to the Publick: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, touching the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Beftnuning A Petition of John H and Thomas Steers, was Buildings, pcefented to the House, and read; letting forth, that being informed there is a Bill depending, for restraining the building upon new Foundations; and they having in Michaelmas last taken Leases of Ground in the Parish of . Jlather kith, in the County of Sorry, of Madm Howland, are obliged by their Contract to build: And praying, they may, by a Clause in the said Bill, be admitted to build, or that their Leases may be made void.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from jtftc Committee, to whom the stud Bill was committed.

Vcl 16.

A Petition of theieveral Bricklayers, Joiners, Carpen- Restraining ters, Glafters, Painters, Brick-makers, Tile-makers, and Ul d,n* *'-many other Artificers, living within the Bills of Mortality in the County of Middlesex, and Places adjoining to the Cities of London and Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and others, waspresented To the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, now depending, to prevent building on new Foundations, within, and adjoining to, the Cities of London and Westmirffter (if passed into a LavV) will be the utter Ruin of them, and their numerous Families: And praying, their same may be taken into Consideration, for the Support of them, and their Families.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

A Petition of the Worsted Weavers, Wool-combers, prohibition and Dyers, of Canterbury, was presented to the House, of printed and read; letting forth, that their Trades are very much Ca,lcoes’ decayed by the frequent Ule and Wearing of printed and fiained Calicoes, and Linen, and hanging of Rooms with Paper; and that the same hinders the Consumption of Wool: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

An ingrossed Bill to explain so much of the Act for Exporting rohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Corn* read, Biscuit, and Starch, and low Wine^, Spirits, Worts, and Walh, drawn from malted Corn, whereby the said Commodities are admitted to be carried from the Me of Wight to several Markets, was read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were leveraJJy proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. To leave out Be it

L. To leave out " ," and, instead

thereof, inlert " British

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Home; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be,

An Act to explain so much of the Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Fleur, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch, and low Wines, Spirits. V. orts, and Walh, drawn from malted Corn, by which Act the said Commodities are admitted to be carried trom the Ms of Wight to several Markets, and for giving Liberty to export certain Quantities of Oatmeal, for the Uies of Britrfh Hospitals beyond tire Seas.

Ordered, That the Lord William Rowlett do "carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Provision for Kingrtou the Poor, in the Town of Kmgston upon Hull, was read uP°n the Third time. Poor*

Resolved, That the Bill do pais; and that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Provision for the Poor in the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

Ordered, That Sir Wtn. St. (lumtm do carry die Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Member* the Court of Request, and Places adjacent, and summon summoned* the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he weot accordingly:

And being returned;

Sir Thomas Parker reported from the Committee, to Address of whom it was referred to driw up an Address, upon the thanks. Resolution of Thursday last, returning the humble Thanks of this House to her Majesty, for her most gracious Atj-fwer to their Address; that they had drawn up an Address, upon the said Refohitian, accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the feme io his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was twice read, and is as follows; viz.

4S Mo ft

t*

A

4°- — 6° Martii.

A.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, out of a deep Sense of the repeated Instances of your

1709-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members were called by their Counties, as Yesterday;

over by the Clerk, and they went into

Westminster-hall accordingly: And afterwards Mr.

Majesty’s unparallelled Goodness, beg Leave to return Speaker, and, after him, the Clerk, and Clerk Allistant, our most hearty Thanks for your most gracious Answer as before: to our late humble Address, and for your effectual Care in suppressing those rebellious Tumults, which were set on Foot and fomented, by Papists, Nonjurors, and other Enemies to your Majesty's Title and Government, in Defiance of the just Prosecution of the Commons against Dr. Henry Sacheverell.

And we most humbly beseech your Majesty to believe, that, as this Prosecution proceeded only from the indif-penfable Obligation, which we, your faithful Commons, Dr. Henry Sacheverell on Monday Morning next, at Ten looked upon ourselves to lie under, not to fit still, and of the Clockrin Westminster-kall.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A MefTage for the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr.

Meller:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Sacheverelli House, that they will proceed further on the Trial of

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

patiently fee the Justice of the late happy Resolution,

and the Glory of our late royal Deliverer, reflected upon; your Majesty’s undoubted Title strudt at; your Administration, by which so many Blessings are derived upon us, endeavoured to be rendered odious to the People, and represented as destructive of the Church, and Constitution; the present Establishment, and Protestant Succession, undermined; the Resolutions of Parliament treated with Contempt; the Governors of the Church, and your Majesty, as Supreme, aspersed, and vilified j the Toleration exposed, as wicked; and Sedition info-

lently ur Majsft ., Right> the V/TE. Solicitor General prelected to the House (ac- S.it;rf

Safety of your Person, the Quiet of your Government, |iVA cording to Order) a Bill for explaining and en- «""" the Continuance of our Happiness under your excellent larging, an Act made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty s

rr - - - - Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government; and the Bill was received, and read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Lunee, 6° die Martii;

Anno 8* Ann* Regin*, 1709.

Prayers.

Th« House inlerpose to prevent a Quarrel.

Administration, the Succession in the Protestant Line, the Support and Honour of the Church of England, as established by Law, with that Toleration, which is by Act of Parliament allowed to Protestant Dissenters, shall be our constant Care and Concern, and we will, upon all Occasions, venture all that is dear to us, in Defence of

such inestimable Blessings. Thc House resumed the further Consideration of the Supply Bill;

jxt./-vn- 1 Report from the Committee of the whole House, to And a Motion being made, and the Question being wh^ the Biu for ranting to her Majesty new Duties DuUM’

re-committed > of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and for establishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other

Ways and Means to raiseTen hundred thousand Pounds

by Sale of Annuities, and, in Default thereof, by

another Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710, was

committed.

And the last Amendment was read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That , jrfii , . r*j 1 j, r. v» , all Persons, upon Entry of any Claim in the Court,

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her where prohibited and uncustomed Goods are prosecuted,

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her after 2Cth 0{ April, 1710, give £. 30 Security, to

Majesty s most honourable Privy Council. answer Costs.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which Some Words of Heat having passed between Sir Wih were filled up. liam Strickland and Sir William Drake, they, by Di- And then the Clause was, upon the Question put rection of the House, stood up in their Places, and de- thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the Yean.^ggj*.

Teller, for heN^d^. P^r.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House do agree with the Committee, in the said Address.

]l89-

elated, they would net prosecute the same any further.

SacYievereU’t

Impeachment.

proceed in the same Trial of Dr. Henry

Ordered, That the House do Method, as Yesterday, to the

Sacheverell.

And the Four first Members present, named in the Return Book (with the Serjeant, and a Clerk) went into the Places in Westminster-hall, prepared for the Members

of this House, to clear the fame, in such Manner, as was directed by the Order of Yesterday.

And the Names of the Members, who were appointed to be the Managers of the Impeachment against Doctor

of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That *

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That *

And the same was twice read, and amended; and then, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

The Clause in the Bill, to which the Amendments, that Henry Sacheverell, were called over; and they went to were disagreed unto, upon reporting the Bill, did relate, the Places appointed for them. in fol. 8, and 9, was, upon the Question put thereupon,

Refolded, That this House will immediately resolve left out of the Bill, and crossed out by Mr. Speaker.

itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be pTefent at the Trial of Dr. Henry Sacheverell.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

And some other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

’ Mr.

«1

8 Ann.

6n-

Martii.

347

Answer to Mr. Secretary Boyle acquainted the House, that he had the said Bill, or heard by their Counter, before the fame

Addref*. attended her Majesty with their Address, Returning her do pals.

Majesty the Thanks of this House, for her most gracious Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until Answer to their humble Address, of the Second Instant; that Bill be read a Second time, and that her Majesty was pleated to receive the said

Address very graciously. A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in the Castle

of ,on behalf of themselves, and all others, was

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Thurjdaypresented to the House, and read; setting forth, that come-seven-night and that such Members, as shall not having in most submissive Manner applied themselves ter

Debtors

Petitions.

Call of the House.

Secbeverell'g

lapucbmrot.

Ditto.

Select

Pfftries.

then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the House do proceed in the same Method, as before, to the Trial of Doctor Henry verell.

And the Four first Members p-efent, named in the Return Book (with the Serjeant, and a Clerk) went into the Places in Wejfmiitjler-hall, prepared for the Members

of this House, to clear the fame, in such Manner, as was directd by the Order of Friday last

their Creditors, without Success, for obtaining their Enlargement, being content, their Creditors should have all, that remains of their worldly Substance, in order that they may honestly labour, to support themselves, and poor Families, now in lamentable Distress: And praying, that the Bill, now depending, for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, may receive Countenance.

That the Petition do he upon the Table, until that Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in the County

AmUbe

to be the Managers of the Impeachment against Doctor Henry Sacheverell, were called over; and they went to the

Places, appointed for them.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the Trial of Doctor Henry

Andtiic House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as before; and they went into kallaccordingly: And afterwards Mr. Speaker, and, after him, the Clerk, and Clerk Ailistant, as before:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Metier:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint t! :s House, that they intend to proceed further upon the Trial of Doctor Henry Sacheverell Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster-hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

forth, that by many Losses and Misfortunes in Trade they are not in a Condition to pay their whole Debts, but are willing to surrender all their Eft2te and Substance to their Creditors, in order to be redeemed from a tedious and deplorable Bwdage: And praying their Enlargement by the Bill before the House, for Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until that Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the poor distressed insolvent Debtors, now under Confinement in the Sheriff's Ward at in behalf of themselves, and several others, confined in England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that many of them have been for several Years confined in that miserable Place, occasioned by the Bad-ness of the Times, and Cruelty of their Creditors: And praying, some Act may be made for their Enlargement.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until that Bill shall be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Restraining whom the Bill for restraining the building upon new Buildings. Foundations, in the Cities of London and ..... be received upon Monday Morning next.

Cogg'i

Debt*.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon, Sir Fra. Mr.

Chambers, Mr. Archer, Mr. Peyton, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Mon/on, Sir John Mordant, Sir James Campbell, Mr. S hacker ley, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Palmer, Mr. W'mjianley, Mr. Mr. Neville, Sir Tho. Wheat, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dam, Goldsmiths, and Co-partners, in Trustees, for the speedy Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon, ..... And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, j°;

Anno 8* Anna: Reginse, 1709.

Px A Y K RS.

A PETITION of the Minister, Church-wardens, and Vestrymen, of the Parish of St. Olave, in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Bill, now depending, for the better regulating leledl Vestries (and the said Parish of St. Olave having for One hundred and Fifty Years, and upwards, enjoyed the Benefit of a select Vestry, and been governed peaceably by the lame) if passed into an Act, may occasion Suits and Controversies in the said Parish: And praying, they may be excepted out of Vol. I§.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make several Trulls in the Marriage Settlements of

Edward Southwell, Esquire, and the Lady Elizabeth, his late Wife, more effectual to apfiver the Intent of them, and to explain several Powers therein, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwyn, Sir Gilbert Hethcote, General Sir Tho. Manjt.ll. Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Paget, Sir Fran. Mr. Hamp-

den, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Tates, Mr. Pouitney, Mr. More-ton, Mr. Campion, Mr. Thomson, Sir James Camp hell, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Norris, Sir Wm. HuJUcr, Sir Richard Farringdon, Mr. Nevill, Sir Gilbert Mr. Row-

ney, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Gale, Sir Dailies; and all that serve for Cornwall and Wilts: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Manors and Lands therein mentioned, in the County of Oxon. late the Inheritance of William «.

Jennens, Esquire, deceased. and by his Marriage Settlement conveyed to the Uses therein expressed, in Trustees, to be sold, for clearing several Incumbrances thereupon, precedent to the said Marriage Settlement, and invefiing the Surplus of the Money, arising by such Sale, in a Purchase of other Lands, to the like Uses, as were limited by the said Marriage Settlement, and for vesting in the said Trustees such Estate, and interest, as the said William Jennens, of his Trustees, named in his Marriage Settlement, had in certain Lands, heretofore called the Marsh Lands, in the Parish of St. Giles's in the , in the County of Middlesex, subject to the several precedent

Incumbrances

Southwell's

Elute.

Jennens'

Estate-

1

7* — f Martii. A. *709.

Incumbrances thereupon* to be sold, for the Purposep therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Sill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given - their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Rill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Cleric’s Table.

African Ordered, That the Bill to settle the Trade to Africa,

Trad#. he j-efid a Second time upon Saturday Morning »ext j and that the Royal African Company be then heard by their iCo.unfel, if they think fit, at the Bar of this House.

Fraudulent A Petition of the Journeymen Coopers, now working Cooper# in her Majesty’s Victualing Office, and elsewhere, relating vessels* to the royal Navy, on behalf of themselves, and aH other Journeymen of that Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Importation of many Thousand of Coopers new empty Vessels from foreign Parts, and of old empty Cafes, from Holland, will, in time, reduce the Coopers Trade to such a Decay, that they must leave their Trade, and native Country, and their Families to the Parish: And praying Relief in the Premises, upon the Bill to prevent fraudulent Coopers Vessels.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Kennet Ordered', That the Report from the Committee, to

Navigation, whom the Bill for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading so Newberry, in the County of Berks, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Leverpoole Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making a conve-Dock. nknt Dock or Docks at Leverpoole, for the Security of Ships, trading to and from the said Port of Leverpoole, be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next.

Mine Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Adventure whom the Petitions of several Creditors, and Proprietors Company. of Principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, in behalf of themselves, and several Widows and Orphans, Members and Creditors of the Company of the said Mine Adventure, and other Petitions, was referred, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act for the explaining, and snaking more effectual, the Act, Light-hous*. of the Fourth and Fifth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better enabling the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of trinity-house, to rebuild the iight-house on the Edistone Rock, with an Amendment; to which Ahey desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Summer^ *0 enable Henry Simmers, Esquire, tD make "Sale of the Estate> Manor of Gaynes, and other Lands, in Huntingdonshire, in lieu thereof, to settle Lands in Essex, of a greater Value, to the same Uses the said Huntingdonshire Eftafce was settled; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Bigg’#

to enable Trustees to recover the personal Estates of JVM- Estate*

Ham Bigg, and Isabell Bigg, now veiled in John Bigg, 4 Lunatick, their Son and Heir, and Executor at his Father, for the Payment of Debts and Legacies* to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Catwater Act for clearing, preserving, and maintaining, the Har- Harbour, bour of Catwater, being near Plimouth, in tire County of Devon, and for cleansing, and keeping clean, tire Pool, commonly called Sutton Pool, lying in aforesaid, without Amendment:

Also, the Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Sacheverell’s House, that their Lordships intend to proceed further impe*cll'u,nt' upon the Trial of Doctor Henry Sach upon 7 next, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, in Westminster-hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir fames Momntague have Leave to go Leave #f into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Absenc#, Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir John Bland have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Of cations.

And then die House adjourned till fhurfday Morning, Nine a Clock.

JoviS) 90 die Mart it;

Anno 9* Anna Regia®, 1709.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Saciieverell’s Ordered, Tbft the House do proceed in the feme impeachment. Method> as Yesterday, to the Trial of Doctor Henry Sacheverell.

And the Four first Members present, named in the Return Book (with the Serjeant, and a Clerk) went into the Places in Westminster-hall, prepared for the Members of this House, to clear the fame, in such Manner, as was directed by the Order of Friday last.

And the Names of the Members, who were appointed to be the Managers of the Impeachment against Doctor Henry Sacheverell, were called over; and they went to tire Places, appointed for them.

Resolved, That this House will immediately refolre itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to . be present at the Trial of Doctor Henry Sachevei'ell.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as Yesterday* and they went into Westminster-hallaccordingly: And afterwards Mr. Speaker, and, after him, the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant t

And being returned

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords# by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hiccotks:

PaATERS.

A PETITION of several Groeefc, now living in Fraudulent Cole hefttr, on behalf of themselves, and all others, Cooper* in that Town, felling of Soap, and all, who in the clothing Vessel*» Trade, or otherwise, use the fame, was presented to the House, and read* setting forth, that Soap, sent to them in old Soap Calks, is thereby much damnified in its Quality, and the Tare much larger, than what they weighed, when »ew, or what is allowed by the Soap-makers: And praying, that by the Bill, now depending, for preventing the making, or using, fraudulent Cafes, that Soap-makers may be hindered from fending Soap into the Country in old Soap Cafes,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom that Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Chambers have Leave to go into Le»« of the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary AW» . Occasions.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Knight’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of Isaac Knight, Esquire, in the Counties of Nottingham, and York, for the Payment of the Portion of Hannah, the Wife of Thomas Stones, Esquire, and the Arrears of an Annuity, payable to Dickenson Knight, Gentleman,

-Hi and

9 Ann.

9* Martii.

M9

r*w*<

and for settling the Overplus to the same Uses, to which. And the House relblved itself into a Committee of the the Lands, to be sold, do stand limited, and for charg- whole House accordingly, . ing other Lands with the said Annuity, was committed , Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and And the Members were called over by the Clerk, by found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- their Counties, in order to take their Places in -

cerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satis* fter-hall: And afterwards Mr. Speaker, and, after him, faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, as before:

directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Supply Bill;

Excise

Duties.

1 *V

And being returned Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

That no Member, or any Stranger, do profume to go into the Places in , prepared

An ingrossed Bill for granting to her Majesty new for the Members of this House, before the Managers do Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodi- go to their Places; and that after the Managers are gone ties, and for establishing a Yearly Fund, and by other to their Places, that no Member do presume to go out of Ways and Means, toraifeTen hundred thousand Pounds the House, before his County is called over; and that by Sale of Annuities, and, in Default thereof, by another no Person do presume to go with the Members into the Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710, was read the Places, prepared for the Members of this House in Third time; and several Amendments were made by the minster-hedl\ and that if any Person shall attempt so to House to the Bill. do> that the Serjeant do take every such Person into his

Resolvei, Thar the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, Custody; and that the Serjeant, and his Messengers, do An Act for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, fee this Order strictly executed, and upon several imported Commodities, and for efta

blishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to raise Nine hundred thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities, and, in Default thereof, by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lbrds, and desire their Concurrence therunto.

xa

Saefeevertll’s

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hiecocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rigby*, &c.' for confirming and establiflnng the Partition, made between Edward Rigby, Gentleman, the honourable Charles Egerton, Esquire, the honourable Elizabeth, his Wife, and others, of several Manors and Hereditaments in the

Estate.

Strangers taken into Custody.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to ac-im(*Mch:ncut. quaint them, that this House being informed, that feve- County of EJjfea, heretofore the Estate of the Right ho-ral Persons do come into the Place, where their Lord- nourable Ann, late Countess of Oxford, deceased, and ships do fit in IVejhr.infler-hall, and from thence into the to enable Anne, and Katherine, Lennard In-

Places, appointed for the Members of this House, they fants, to make Partition of other Lands and Tenements, do desire, that their Lordships will order the said Place to in the said County, and in the County of Hertford, and be cleared of all Persons. in London, other Part of the said Countess of Oxford’s

Ordered, That Sir IVm. Strickland do carry the said Estate, with several Amendments; to which the Lords Message to the Lords. desire the Concurrence of this House:

Ordered, That the House do proceed in the same Alio, the Lords have commanded us to acquaint this SachevereH*» Method, as before, to the Trial of Doctor Henry Sacht- House, that their Lordships intend to proceed further on ImPechme,

verell.

Sir fVm. Strickland reported to the House, that he had (pursuant to their Order) carried the Message to the Lords; and that their Lordships had given Orders for clearing their Place, as desired.

And then the Four first Members present, named in

the Trial of Doctor Henry Tomorrow, at

Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, in

hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that several of the Persons, Perfomtaken the Return Book (with the Serjeant, and a Clerk) went which the Serjeant had taken into his Custody, had into Custody into tilt Places into Westminster-hall, prepared for the Tickets to go into and that others of discharge-‘

6

Members of this House, to clear the lame, in such Man ner, as was directed by the Order of Friday last.

And the Serjeant acquainted the House, pursuant to the said Order, that there were several Members in the said Places, which did not come away; and allb several Members, and Strangers, in the Lobby, and Passages, in and near Westminster-hall.

them were not acquainted with the strict Orders the House had made;

Ordered, That the said Persons be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, only paying their Fees.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords Rigby’*, See. ..... " ‘ Estate.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace, and to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and efta* take into Custody all such Strangers, as are in the Lobby, blishing the Partition, made between Edward Rigby, and Passages to Westminster-hall; or in the Speaker’s Gentleman, the honourable Charles Egerton, Esquire, the Chambers; and that he lock the Chamber Door, and honourable Eliza, his Wife, and others, of several bring the Key, and lay it upon the Clerk’s Table; and Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Essex, here-that he do take the Names of all such Members as are in tofore the Estate of the Right honourable Ann, late the Lobby and Passages, who shall refuse to return to the Countels of Oxford, deceased, and to enable Margaret, House; and that he do bring all such Strangers to the Anne, and Katherine, Leonard, Infants, to make Partition Bar of this House. of other Lands and Tenements in the said County, and

And the Serjeant went accordingly: in the County of , and in London, other part of

And being returned; he reported to the House, that the said Countess of Oxford's Estate, be taken into Con~ he had taken several Persons into his Custody; and that sideration Tomorrow Morning, the Lobby, and Passages, and Speaker’s Chambers, were

cleared, and the Chamber Doors locked.

Then the Names of the Persons, appointed to be the Managers of the Impeachment against Doctor Henry Sacheverell, were called over; and they went to the Places, appointed for them.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the Trial of Doctor Henry -

rell.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

4T

L.

Fraudulent

Coopen'

Vesseli,

Summers1

Estate.

Highy's, dec Estate.

350 1 o° Afar tit. 1709.

Venerts, 10® di Mar tit;

Anno 9* Ann® Reginae, 1709.

Praters.

/ORDERED, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the making, or using, fraudulent Coopers Vessels, ..... have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Summers, Esquire, to make Sale of the Manor of Gaynes, and other Lands, in,

and, in lieu thereof, to settle Lands in , of a greater Value, to the same Uses the said Estate

was settled, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the Partition, made between Edward Rigby, Gentleman, the honourable Charles Egerton, Esquire, the honourable Elizabeth,

his Wife, aijd others, of several Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Essex, heretofore the Estate of the

Right honourable Anne, late Countess of Oxford, deceased, and to enable Margaret, Ann, and Katherine, Lennard, Infants, to make Partition of other Lands and Tenements in the said County, and in the County of Hertford, and in London, other Part of the said Countess of Oxford's Estate.

And the same being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j / and are as follow; viz.

Amendments to the Bill for confirming and establishing a Partition, made between Edward Rigby, Gentleman, and the honourable Charles Egerton, Esquire, and the honourable Elizabeth, his Wife, and others, Of several Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Essex, &c.

Pr. 16. 24L. Leave out from "Assigns" to "and," in the 23d L. of the 18th Pr. and read the Clauses,

marked x.

" And whereas it was covenanted and agreed by all " the Parties to the said Quinquepartite Indenture, that " the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned in the Second Lot, or Eighth " Part of the Premisses, which were of the yearly Value " of One hundred and Six Pounds more than any other " Lot, or Eighth Part, comprised in the Schedule, or " Division, to the same Indenture annexed, should be " solely liable tp, and chargeable with, the Payment of " a Rent Charge, or other Rent or Annuity, of One " hundred Pounds per Annum, issuing out of the greatest " Part of the Lands, comprised in the said Second Lot,

" and other Lands, contained in the said Schedule, or " Division, the which Second Lot came to the Share of " the said Edward Rigby, one of the Parties to the same " Indenture j and which said Rent, or annual Payment,

of One hundred Pounds per Annum, was deviled by John "Barker, heretofore of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, by his last Will and Testament, bearing " Date the Twelfth Day of May, which was in the Oneand-thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Eli- zabelh, to his Son John, to, be going out of all his " Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, to have and perceive to the said " John, his Son, and the Heirs of his Body lawfully be- gotten, at Two Terms in the Year, viz. the'Feast of " St. Michael the Archangel, and the Annunciation of " our Lady, by even Portions; and the said Rent, or " annual Sum, of One hundred Pounds per Annum, since 4‘ descended or legally came to, and was veiled in, one " Thomas Knowlys, who, by Fine, and other lawful Af- furance, hath assigned and transferred the said Rent,

" or annual Payment, unto John Savill, and his Heirs,

subject to a Proviso for the Redemption thereof, on

" Payment of certain Sums of Money, made payable at " certain Days, now long since passed: And whereas the " Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, contained in the said Second Lot, are of Value more than sufficient to answer the said Rent, or " annual Sum, of One hundred Pounds, and are in*

" tended to be hereby subjected, in point of Remedy,

" for Payment of the lame, yet so, as not to extinguish,

" apportion, or prejudice, the said Rent: Be it further.

enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that the said Rent " Charge, or annual Payment, of One hundred Pounds per Annum, shall remain and continue to be going out " of such Part of the Manors, Lands, Tenement?, and " Hereditaments, comprised in the said Second Lot, out " of which the same was issuing before the making of this Act, during the Continuance of such Estate, as the said John Savill, or any other Person or Persons, claim-'

" ing under the said John Barker's last Will and Testa- ment, hath, or can or may claim, in and to the said Rent, or annual Payment, of One hundred Pounds per " Annum, and shall not be extinguished, merged, apportioned, diminished, loft, or incumbered, by this Act,

" or any Words, Article, or Clause, therein contained, to " the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. And " be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that,

during the Continuance of such Estate, as the said John " Savill, or any other Person or Persons, lawfully claiming " under the said John Barker's last Will and Testament,

" bath, or can or may lawfully claim, in or to the said " Rent, or annual Payment, of One hundred Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for the said John Savill, his " Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or for any other " Person or Persons, who is, or shall be, intitled to any " Arrearages of the said Rent, or annual Payment, of " One hundred Pounds, now due, or which shall at any " time hereafter accrue or become due, from time to " time, by himself, or by any other, as his or their Bailiff " or Bailiffs, Servants, or Agents, to distrain for the same " upon all the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

" and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Second Lot,

" allotted to the said Edward Rigby, or any Part of " them, whether the same were such, out of which the " said Rent, or annual Payment, was issuing before the " making of this Act, or not; and in case of any Repleven, Writ of Second Deliverance, or other Action,

" to be brought upon any such Distress or Distresses, lo " to be made, as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so intitled, or any other, as his or their Bailiff or Bailiffs,

" Servant, or Agent, may avow, make Cognizance for,

" or justify, the said Distress or Distresses, as in Lands or " Tenements subject to such Distress or Distresses, and " shall and may have the same Privileges and Advantages " of pleading, and for the Recovery of Damages, or " Coils of Suit, or otherwise, as the same Person or " Persons might have had, in case of any Distress or Distresses upon any Lands or Tenements, liable to " Distress for the same Rent before the making of t£is " Act."

Pr. 18. 27 L. After " Peck"insert "or unto any " the Parties to the said Indenture Quinquepartite, other " than the said Edward Rigby."

Pr. 21. 15 L. After " Knowlys add " or John

« Savill."

Ordered, That the Lord William Rowlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling the Freehold and Copy- EmmeiW# hold Estate, late of William Emmerton, Esquire, deceased, in the Parllh of Chevening, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for the better Support of his Widow, and Advancement of his Two Daughters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be.

An Act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold Estate of William Emmerton, Esquire, deceased, in the Parish of Chevening, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold,

for

Ei

Lijt

bti

All

kpph

ilDClf

fc.Foi

-il'orj

J

p Ann.

io* Martii.

35*

Ediftooe

Light-boofc,

Leave of Abfeoce.

Supply Bill; Duties on Caudlef.

Portsmooth,

Forti-

ficationi.

for the better Support of his Widow, and Advancement mifies, and confide red the respective Interests of the Proof his Two Daughters. prietors therein, did return their Valuations of the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Paimer do carry the Bill to amounting to£. 8,955. 17 s. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. The Committee also examined into that Part of the

OrJmd, That the Amendments, made by the Lords M RcP0r‘- examined the Sur-

to the BUI, intituled, An Act for the explaining, and . r ft "[ huEJrJs, Engmeer, fot secur-

making more effectual, the Act, of the Fourth anJFifth S'}&$* ’ S'- *"? S,°reS>

Yeats of her Majesty's Reign, for the better enabling the ‘ fortification of that Place, defenbed in the Plan,

Mailer, Wardens, and AIBllants, of Trimly-hcui to " + ‘ J " b' PIJ" N J-. -h'di

rebuild the Light-house on the B&m Rock’ betaken *<?' Ii,0uih.ffr to bet purchased for crafting the 7- ~ rj L* t* 1 n\ i designed Fortification: And it appeared to the Commit-

nto Consideration upon Tutfda) next, at Twelve. Clock, , MfSt^ , several M,ti, gcommissionen treated

n a u owc. with the Persons interested in the said PremifTes; but Ordered, That Sir Edward Seymour have Leave to go finding many of the Lands and Tenements were held by into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Leafesfrom the Dean and Chapter of , and others

Orimi, That Mr. WM hare Leave to go into the hf L"f<* ,h! Manor °fi"d ,h?1 'h'rc

~ *1 j* . were several Interests therein of different Kinds, and the

Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Dellunds rf tht Proprittore appMred unreafo, able, the

Ordered, That Mr. Thomhaugh have Leave to go into Commissioners left the whole to be valued by a Jury, the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions Accordingly a Jury was returned and sworn; who Mr. Farrtr presented to the House (according to iiaving viewed the Premisses, and enquired into the several Order) a Bill for laying certain Duties upon Candles, and '"'I'1*3- computed the refceftive Values of each Estate certain Rates upon Moneys to be given with Clerks and f?dl"tee»^* tjjf JUIY by an Inquisition, value -Apprentices, towards railing her Majesty’s Supply for the e^dPremifles at 16,734. i6 j. 4^*

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ten; and the Bill r , Jb' Committee also examined into that Part of the was received laid Report, relating to Harwich; and examined the Sur-

RMvtJ, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning. YCP* ‘"d Design, made by Major Man Engineer,

J 0 for erecting a Fortification there, with the Lands, raea-

Mr. Peyton reported from the Committee, to whom it sured and described in the Plan, N° 6. and the Tene-

was referred to examine the Report of the Commissioners, ments, described in the Plan, N° 7. And it appeared to

appointed by her Majesty’s Letters Patents to treat and the Committee, that the said Commissioners treated with

agree for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, several Persons, interested in the fame, and agreed with

as shall be judged proper to be purchased, for the fortify- several of them for their Estates and Interests therein.

ing Por/fmou/h, Chatham, and Harwich, and to consider The Total amounting to £. 1,696. 12/. 4

of, and report to the House, what is fit further to be But the Commissioners finding, that the rest of the Pro-

done thereupon; that they had examined the Report prietors were not willing to treat, or made unreasonable

accordii gly, and had come to several Resolutions, which Demands, they judged it necessary, that the Estates and

they had directed him to report to the House: And he Interests in the PremifTes should be valued by a Jury.

read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them Accordingly a Jury was returned, and sworn; who did

in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and present the Value of the fame, and of the Estates and In-

and are as follow; viz. terefts therein, which amounted to the Sum of £. 7,451.

That the Committee having considered of the said Re- Whereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions

port, and having examined Colonel Romer, her Majesty’s following; viz.

Engineer, who laid before them the Design, by him pro- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, posed, for enlarging, and strengthening, the Fortifications That the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of an Act at or nest 1 Portsmouth, and viewed the Plans, and Scheme, of Parliament, of the last Sessions, intituled, "An Act

for appointing Commissioners, to treat and agree for ,* such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall " be judged proper to be purchased for the better for- tifying of Portsmouth, Chatha, and Harwich," have

by him produced; it appeared, that so much of the Lands, described in the Plan, N° 1. hereunto annexed, together with all the Tenements therein described, as likewise the Lands and Tenements, described in the Plan, N° 2. and the Lands in the Plan, N° 3. are proper to be pur- faithfullyand impartiallyput in Execution the Authorities chafed, for the Uses afotciaid: And the said Commis- and Powers to them given by the said Act. sioners did agree, that in such Places, where the Lines on Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the said Plans did divide any small Piece of Land, not That the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the exceedirg an Acre, there the whole should be purchased. Value of £.6,163. 17 d. agreed for by and between if the Proprietors should desire it. the Commissioners and Proprietors, at Portsmouth, and

That, in order to discover the several Estates and In- also the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, valued terefts in the Ptemifles, proper Persons were employed, by a Jury upon Oath, to the Sum of £.8,955. 17/. who enquired into, and took Abstracts of, the Titles of amounting together to the Sum of £.15,119. 14.1. $d. the Proprietors, who had Notice to appear, and treat with are necessary to be purchased, for the better fortifying the Commissioners for the fame; but most of their De- and securing the Harbour and Dock there, mands appearing to be extravagant, a Jury was returned That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

by the High Sheriff of Southampton, to meet the Com- That the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at missioners at Portjrmuth the 16th of August last; at which Chatham, valued by a Jury, upon Oath, to the Sum of Meeting several of the Proprietors appearing, and making £.16,734. i6j. 4 are necessary to be purchased, for more reasonable Demands, than they had done at first, the better fortifying and securing the Harbour and Dock the Commissioners did agree with such whose Names are there.

set down in the Schedule, marked A, for their respective Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Estates and Interests in the Lands, Tenement^ and He- That the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the reditaments, described in the Schedule. Value of £. 1,696. 12/. 4 agreed for by and between

That the total Sum amounting to £.6,163. 17/. $d. the Commissioners and Proprietors, at Harwich, as also The rest of the PremifTes at Portsmouth, which the the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, valued by a Commissioners, by reason of the extravagant Demands of Jury, upon Oath, to the Sum of £.7,451. 10/. od. forae of the Proprietors, or of Cafes of Infants, Femes Co- amounting together to the Sum of £. 9,147. 13 s. 2 d. vert, and other Impediments,-could not agree for, a Jury are necessary to be purchased for the better fortifying and was returned, and sworn; who having viewed the Pre- securing the Harbour and Yard there.

Vo a. 16. Resolved,

4

35^ io* — u°

Resolved, That all the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, agreed for by the said Commissioners with the respective Proprietors, or valued by the said Juries, upon Oath, at Portsmouth, , and , be vested in the Crown; and that no private Building or Buildings be erected thereupon i and that the whole Profits arising, or that shall arise, from the same, be applied for and towards the Reparations of the respective Fortifications of each Place.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Peyton, Mr. , Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and General Erie, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sachevtrell’s Ordered, That thejdoufe do proceed in the same impeachment. Method, as before, to the Trial of Doctor

verell.

And the Four first: Members present, named in the Return Book (with the Serjeant, and a Clerk) went into the Places in Westminster-hall, prepared for the Members of this House? to clear the fame, in such Manner, as was directed by the Order of Friday last.

Then the Names of the Persons, appointed to be the Managers of the Impeachment against Doctor Henry 'Sacheverell, were called over; and they went to the Places appointed for them.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the Trial of Doctor Henry Sacheverell.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members were called over by the Clerk, by . their Counties, in order to take their Places in

hall, as before: And afterwards, Mr. Speaker, and, after him, the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, as before:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Leverpoole Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making a conve-Doek. nient Dock or Docks at Leverpoole, for the Security of Ships trading to and from the said Port of Leverpoole, be read upon Tuesday next, at Twelve a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat z\ 11* die Mart it;

Anno 9* Anna; Regina?, 1709.

Praters.,

Debtors A PETITION of near Eighty Persons, poor Pri-Petition. A foners for Debt in the Castle of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that being in a miserable Condition, and having nothing but about Four Pence a-piece per Week, the Gaol Allowance, and the Price of Bread being so high, the same is not sufficient to support Nature, and most of them being in no Hopes of ever being releafrd: And praying, their lamentable same may be taken into Consideration, and some Relief granted them in the Premises, by the Bill before the House, for Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until that Bill shall be read a Second time.

Sdeft A Petition of fovcral of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Vestrie*. St. DunJlans, Stepney, in the County of , in

behalf of themselves, and others, paying Scotland Lot within the lame, was pretented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Four-and-twenty Persons convene themselves together, under the Name of a select Vestry, having no legal Establishment, and take an unlimited

23

Martii. A. 1709.

Power in disposing divers Sums of Money, of right belonging to the Poor: And praying Relief in the Pee* mises, by the Bill for regulating felecfr Vestries.

Ordered, That the Petition do Ire upon the Table, until that Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Fellowship, Affireof.

or Company, of Bakers, within the City of Worcester, was BreaA

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have been under great Discouragement, by the excessive Price of Corn, and the small Allowance made by converting it into Bread; and, if the Bill to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, should pass into a Law, as it now is, they will be brought under great Difficulties to get a Livelihood by their Trade, if not totally ruined:

And praying, their same may be taken into Consideration, and be heard by Counsel against several Clauses in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty,

of the Mistery of Bakers of the City of London....

setting forth, that this House having given Instructions to the Committee, to whom the Bill, now depending, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, is committed, to receive a Clause, for repealing a Clause in the Statute, of 50 Eliz.relating to Artificers, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices; and, in case such Clause should pass, the Petitioners would be ruined: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, to object against such Clause.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mercers, Linen-drapers, Woollen- Mercers and drapers, and Chandlers, in the City of Oxford, on the be- Linen-dra-halfof themselves, and divers others, was presented to the Per*Trade-House, and read; setting forth, that by the late Duties upon the principal Commodities, in which the Petitioners deal, they (to drive and carry oh their usual Trade) are forced to augment their Stocks proportionably to the said Duties, which doth tend to their Prejudice: And praying, for the future, all Persons, (except such, as have served seven Years Apprenticeship to the said Trades) may be effectually retrained from dealing in any of the Goods and Merchandizes belonging to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of divers Weavers, Flax-dressers, W hitfters. Linen Spinsters, Winders, and others, concerned in the Lineti Manufeftore. Manufacture, within the several Towns of Wigan,

Warrington, Eccleston, Blackburn, , Walton,

colt, and elsewhere in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more concerned in the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, since the Duty, called the Two-third Subsidy, was taken off all foreign European Markets, such great Quantities have been imported into Great Britain, and sold at lower Prices, than can be afforded to be sold by the Manufacturers here; whereby great Number of Families are much reduced:

And praying the Consideration of this House, and Re-dress therein.

Ordered, That the Petition do lit upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act Bigg’* to enable Trustees to recover the personal Estates of William Bigg and Isabell Bigg, now vested in John Bigg, a Lunatick, their Son and Heir, and Executor of his Father, for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of George Ball was presented to the House Cogg’sDebu and read; setting form, that by a Decree in Chancery, pronounced ao* February, *706, , Goldsmith,

9 Ann.

is decreed to pay Petitioner a Salary of £.78 and other Sums of Money; and Petitioner hath another just Demand upon said Coggs, for 2,000 and upwards: That by the Bill for veiling the Estate and Effeifts of said John Coggst and John in Trustees, for the spee-

dier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon, your Petitioner will be deprived of the Benefit of Cud Decree, and said just Demand: And praying to be heard by Counsel against said Bill.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whon>that bill was committed.

Leave of Ordered, That the Lord Down have Leave to go into Abfeoce. the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Supply Bill; A Bill for laying certain Duties upon Candles, and Duties on certain Rates upon Sloncys to be given with Clerks and

Candler. Apprentices, towards railing her Majesty’s Supply for the

Year 1710, was (according to Order) read the First time, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

| A Message from the Lords, Jjy Mr. Rogers and

Mr. Hie cocks:

! Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to: Mate. enable certain Trustees to raise Part of the Portions,

designed for the younger Children of Clifton Pack, Esquire,

dcceal'ed, and Penelope, his Wife, by their Marriage Settlement; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

; , Aflfitt of A Petition of the Mailers, Wardens, and Commonalty, Bread. of the Society or Company of Bakers within the City of Br'tflol, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Bill to regulate the Price and Alfizeof Bread, there is a Clause ordered to be received, to repeal a Clause in a Statute, made 5* z. relating to Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandmen, and Apprentices, which, if passed, will ruin Petitioners, and their Families: And praying to be heard by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom that Bill is committed.

Debtors A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in the County Petition*, of Monmouth, on the Behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners are reduced to the lowed Ebb of Misery, and are supported from starving only by the pious Natives of this County, to whom, by a long and tedious Confinement, they arc become a Burthen: And praying some parliamentary Relief for themselves, and all other poor disconsolate Prisoners for Debt, by the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That the (hid Petition do lie upon the Table, until that Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in the Castle I of Oxon, was presented to the House, and read; setting

toi tb, that they have endured all the Miicrics, which are

353

common to Men in Bondage; and those Friends, who have extended their Charity to them fleeing no Hopes of their Enlargement) have withdrawn, or cannot continue, such Allowance, as formerly, and this by their Creditors known, without Pity or Pemorle to their Calamities;

And praying, their Calc may be taken into Consideration, and some Relief in the Premises, by the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic, until that Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Sir Humphry vvns presented Mine

to the House, and read; letting forth, that being one Adventure of the Candidates at the late Election for the Borough of ('onjPjnJ* Cardigan, went out of Town on Monday, the 6th of February last, in order to attend the Election, and on Monday, 13th, in his Absence, a Petition was exhibited by several pretended Creditors, and Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Min' Adventure, complaining against the Peti|joner, and Directors of the said Company, for divers Irregularities, and indirect Practices, and praying Leave to bring in a Bill to transfer the Management of the Mines to Persons, to be cholen by the Creditors, and Proprietors therein named; whereupon a Committee was appointed, to examine the Allegations of the Petition; and Petitioner, returning last t Monday, attended the Committee on following,

desiring to be heard against the said Complaint; but was answered, they had closed the Examinations, and could not renew, without an Order, on the Report: And praying to be heard against the said Complaint, by himself, and Counsel, before said Report be read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the said Petitions were referred.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Coco'*

Bill for veiling the Estate and Effects of Coggs and Debt*. John Dann, Goldsmiths, and Copartners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s TablA

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Mqining next.

Resolved, That this House will not receive any more Privat* private Business after Thursday next. Buiioefs.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Mr. Pringle presented to the House, pursuant to their Scotch Address to her Majesty for that purpose, An Abstract of Equivalent, the several Demands (in Money, and Debentures) upon the Equivalent, of the Payments made by the Commissioners, Debentures issued out by them, the Sums remaining in their Hands, and the Balances resting unpaid, to the Third of March, 1710, inclusive.

And the Title of the said Abstract was read.

And the Abstract is in the subsecjuent Sheet annexed.

11° Martii.

Vol. 1C. 4 u ABSTRACT

A

ABSTRACT of the several Demands (in Money, and Debentures) upon the Equivalent, of the Payments

retting unpaid, to the

The several Branches of the Demands upon the Equivalent*

The Loss on English milled Money, called down

The Loss on the Scots and foreign Silver Money, re-coined -

The Stock, Interest, and Debts, of the Indian and African Company of Scotland The £. 2,000 per Annum, for 7 Years, for manufacturing coaife W90I - -

The Commissioners, Secretaries, and Accomptants, of the Treaties of Union -

jC*

The preferable Debts upon the") _ ,

Civil List - V 4*7,6oo 11 -

Deducing an Alteration, made 1

by the Judges of Exchequer > 31 13 4

in Edinburgh - - - )

The First Class of the Civil List -The Second Class -The Third -

The First Class of the Military Lift

The Second Class -

The Third - -

paid, and current Incident Charges of the CommissionSalaries for the 21 Commissioners 1 accompting for a Years, 43S1 Days -)

Salaries for the 1 jCommifltoners \ for one Year - - -j

of the Court of Exchequer in Edinburgh rterest due upon the Debentures, accompt front the 24th June, 1708, to the 14th J, 1710, at 5 per Cent, per Annum -

C II A R G E.

In Money. In Debentures, TOTAL.

Transmitted from |€ England. a )ver and above the £398,085. lor. lready issued, and to be issued out.

£. s. d. 3>0Zl 7t £. s. d. £. s. d. m £ s- d. 3,021 I5 74

49,888 14 114 - - 49.888 14 114

232,841 15 9* - ... 232,841 15

14,000 14,000 — - —

30,500 1 T 30,500

- 27,568 17 94 4.849 *4 7 *4.343 16 — 18,085 19 7} - 40,79s *4 7 5,188 14 — 29.55S *6 5 47,095 1 a 24 *5»5b59 27.568 17 9; 45,645' 9 2 5,188 14 — 29.555 16 5 *4.343 *6 — 65,181 IX 10 15,565 9 10

2,334 13 9 1 650 1 114 *54 3 " T " 2,488 15 — 650 1 I t'T ftfl T n —

9 i7,5to 19 — 1701°

5 y , - 10,992 — 6 l 10,99a — 6f

> - 14,919 6 9 14,919 6 9

C- j 398,085 10 — 17,665 — ! 5 164,112 14 3 i 579*863 4 6|

The Equivalent - Dr. To Money transmitted from England £. s. d. 398,085 10 —

To Money for Salaries to1 £. s. d. - the Commissioners, and > 17,665 — 3 Officers, not yet paid - )

To Accouhn £. s. d. of Deben-S 149,193 7 64 tures - -) To InterelK thereon, ast 14,919 6 9 above -) 164,11a 14 34 181,777 14 64

£ 579,863 4 64

ii* Mart

355

9 Ann.

made by the Commissioners, Debentures iflhcd out by then, the Sams remaining in their Hands, and the Balances, yX March, 1710, inclusive.

In Monty.

3»017 18 9

49,888 14 11

228,978 16 II 30,498 12 2

In Debenture*,

alie idy

issued out.

27.553 *7 9r

4>385 3 11

J3»84i

10,062

9

3

2,*85 -

650 1 114

370,96! 17 9}

36,888 2

4.339 *4 — I3.36* 9

26,201 12 4 2,426 1 4

83,217 19 1

TOTAL.

In Money.

Traiismitted from Eng laud.

C

3,*7 18 9

49,888 14 1 ii 228,978 16 11

30,498 12 a

£- s.

3 16 10;

27.553 *7 95 41,273 6 1

4.339 *4 — i3.3b* 9 3 13,841 8 3

36,263 15 6

2,426 1 4

2,085 -

650 1 ni,

3,862 18 iof 14,000 — —

1 7 10

*5 -

464 10 8

502 7 9

8,023 16 Sr

249 *3 9

454,179 16 io;j 27,123 12 2;

Over and above the £.398,085. 105,

' In Debentures, to be ilVued out.

£ * d-

154 1

17,510 19 —

17,665 — 3

£ d-

3,907 12 5

849 -

16,193 7 2

20,893 19 104

13,*39 8 6

10,992 —

14,919 6 9

80,894 15

total.

J* d-

3 16 ioi

3,862 18 I0|

14,000 -

i 7 10

15 -

4»37z 3 1

849 -

16,193 7 2

502 7 9 28,917 16 4 13,139 8 6

403 15 — ____ 1

17,510 19 —

10,992 — 6i

14,9*9 6 9

125,683 7 8

Contra Cr.

By the Payments already made in Money, as above -By Debentures issued out -

By Balance retting unpaid, not including the Debentures issued out.

Money remaining in the Commissioners £ s- d-Hands - - - - 27,123 12 2j

Money for Salaries to the Commissioners, being over what’s paid, fitpra.....*7»665 — d

Debentures to be if- £.

sued out - - 65,975 8 si

Interest upon, the

whole Debentures 14,919 6 9

----- 80,894 15 2

Edinburgh, 3d , 1710.

John Svmmer, Accomptant.

Vol. 16.

£. d.

370,961 17 9?

83,217 19 1

454 79 ,6 1Qr

Edinburgh, 3d March, 1710.

Andr. Hume, T. Burnett, John Swinton, . Campbell, Ja. Smollett.

125,683 7 8

579*^3 4 6f

Ordered,

Security of Rents.

Thames

Kirtiery.

Raftraining

Buildings.

i i°t — 130 Martii. 1709.

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds, committed by Tenants, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Ball, Mr. Harley, Sir

Robert Eden, Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Mr.

Jon, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Oglethorp, Sir Charles burner. Sir Gilbert Pickering,

Mr. Sherrard, Sir John Cope, Mr. Gate, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Lowther, Sir Francis Colonel

Moreton, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Poultney, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chambers, Mr. Mr. S ‘revanion, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Robert Marsham, Mr. Shuttlewerth, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Morifon, Mr. Cocbourn, Mr. Manley, Mr. Coventry, Sir Tho. Johnson, Sir John Aubrey, Mr. Lambert, Sir Wm. Huftler, Mr. Cal thorp, Mr. Jessop, Colonel Bierley, Mr. Sharp, Sir St. Quintin, Mr. Page: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, at Five a Clock.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to oblige Tenants to produce their Leases, and to execute Counterparts thereof to their Landlords.

A Petition of several Fishermen within the Manor and Hundred of Fever/ham, in the County of Kent, for and on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Fishermen within the said Manor, and Hundred, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they are entitled to several Waters and Fishings within the said Manor, and Hundred, and have enjoyed the same under the Lords of the said Manor for the Time being -, but the same being a Fishery for Oysters only, they go out to Sea, to dredge for Oysters, Mackrels, Herrings, and other Fith, and look upon themselves to be within the Jurisdiction of the Lord High Admiral, and are enrolled, and do appear, and owe Suit and Service, at all the Vice Admiral Courts: That there are several large Oyster 'Grounds, and Waters, called the Flatts and Cant, extending from Sheerness down to the North Foreland, about 20 Miles in Length, and Seven in Breadth, wherein they have fished and dredged Time out of mind, and are within the Admiralty Jurisdiction, and no Part of the River Thames: That in the Bill depending, for the better Preservation, and Improvement, of the Fishery within the River Thames, and for the Regulation and Government of the Company of the Fishermen of the said River; wherein ’tis pretended, they have Jurisdiction down to North Foreland, and from thence to Harwich, including the Flatts and Cants abovesaid: That the Petitioners will be put to very great Charge and Expence, if the said Bill pass: And praying, to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee, by their Counsel thereupon, if they think fit: And that Mr. Watson and Mr. Wentzvortk be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of Samuel Potts, Gentleman, Jane Hinds, Widow, George Ballard, Esquire, Alexander Akehurfi, Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, and Edward Nelthorpe, Esquire, Lessees of Conduit Mead, in the Parish of St. . Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they are possessed, for a Term of 55 Years, in a Mead, called Conduit Mead, in St. Martin's Parish *, and a large commodious S.reet is intended to be made from marle Ground, through the said Mead, into a new Street, called Marlborough Street, in St. James's, Westminster; whereby those Persons of Quality, who live in said Marlborough Street, will have a convenient short Passage 20

through the said Mead to her Majesty’s Palace: AmL praying, that a Clause may be inserted in the Bill for preventing future Buildings on new Foundations, for excepting the said Conduit Mead.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the Bill was committed.

A Petition of several Mercers, and Grocers, inhabiting Mercer* and within the Borough of Leominster, in. the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they have followed their Trades several Years within the said Borough, and paid all Taxes, and at a considerable Expence served Apprenticeships to their Trades; and that divers Persons, who never served any Apprenticeships, do openly carry on the lame, to their great Prejudice: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order being read, for the reading the Bill for African

settling the Trade to Africa, a Second time; and for the Tr*de-

hearing the Counsel of the Royal African Company at the Bar;

Ordered, That the separate Traders to Africa be also heard at the Bar, if they think fit.

Then the Counsel for the Royal African Company, and also the separate Traders, were called in.

And the Petition of the Royal African Company was read: And also the Bill was read a Second time.

And the Counsel, and separate Traders, were heard.

And they being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, relblve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. *

Mr. Hampden presented to the Hause (according to French

Order) a Bill to prevent the Subjects of the French King, redding in his Dominions, from claiming, or enjoying, any Estates of their Relations, dying in her Majesty’s Dominions; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read. ' -

The- Bill was accordingly read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Thursdc.y Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luries, 130 die Martii;

Anno 9* Ann® Regins, 1709.

Prayers.

AN ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Sommer*' Ad to enable Henry Summers, Esquire, to make Sale of the Manor of Gaynes, and other Lands, in -

tingdonshire, and, in lieu thereof, to settle Lands in Essex, of greater Value, to the same L/fes the said -

shire Ellate was settled, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran.

Masham, Mr. Foley, Mr. White, Sir Richard Farrington,

Mr. Romney, Sir Ch. Hedges, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Gwynn,

Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Conyers, Sir Wm Hujher, Mr.

Ball, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Gale, Mr. Bruce. Coionel Moreton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Manley, Mr. Pocklington, Mr.

Baljh, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Price, Mr. , Mr.

Shackerley, Mr. Thomson, Mr. WiiJ'on, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Norris, Mr Blagrave, Lord Lumley, Mr. Dision, T Sir James Etheridge, Mr. Cowper, Sir Cleave More, Mr.

Monson, Mr. Wortley; and all, that serve for the Counties of Essex, Huntingdon, York, and Cornwall:

And

Oca®"

frill

th:

1 fr-1 i la

t,

JfHf!

1

k.1

Hi

la

Ir-

ka

c,.

p Ann. i3 Muf357

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, Also, the Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act Tremayae’s in the Speaker’s Chamber. to enable Trustees to grant, renew, and fill up, Leal'es ute’

of the Estate of Arthur Esquire, an Infant,

Commute?*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived. during his Minority; to which the Lords desire the

Knight’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Concurrence of this House.

EAate* for Safe of several Lands and Hereditaments of Jfaae And then the Messengers withdrew.

Knight, Esquire, in the Counties of Nottingham and York,

for the Payment of the Portion of Hanmth, the Wife of Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, to whom IGmond'* Thomas Stones, Esquire, and the Arrears of an Annuity, the Bill to enable Trustees to fell some fenny Lands, in lait*

payable to Dickenson Knight, Gentleman, and for settling the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, Part of the the Overplus to the same Uses, to which the Lands, to Estate of Anthony Esquire, and to settle other

be fold, do Hand limited, and for charging other Lands Lands in lieu thereof, was committed* that they had ex-

with the said Annuity, was read the Third time. amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

Resolved, That the Bill do pats. to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given

Ordered, That Mr. White do carry the Bill to the the’fr Contents to the Bill, to tl. Satisfaction of the Corn-

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed mittee* and that the Comm it tee had made some Amend-

to the same without any Amendment. inents ro the Bill, which they had directed him to report

to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and Derby Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; where

'JlU the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for they we. c once read throughout, and then a Second time,

clcfting a Burgcb to ltrvein this present Parliament one by one, and, upon the Question severally put there-

for the Borough of Derby, in the room of Sir Thomas Par- upon, agreed unto by the Hcuic.

her, Knight, who is by her Majesty made Lord Chief Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Jullite of her Majesty’s Court of Queen’s Bench. ingrossed.

Jrnuen*'

Uiate.

tiidlt.

Rolle’s

£lb*te.

Berries

Juiate.

Supply Bill;

Kxcile

Duues.

An ingrofT-d Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the lev* ml Manors and Linds therein mentioned, in the Cou ty of Olate the Inheritance of Wild am Jennings, Llquire, deccaied, and by his Marriage Settlement conveyed to the Lies therein expressed, in Trustees, to be mid, for clearing several Incumbrances thereupon, precedent to the said Marriage Settlement, and invetting the Surplus of the Money, arising by such Sale, in a Purchase of other Lands, to the like Uses, as were limited by the said Marriage Settlement, and for veflioo in the said Trustees such Estate, and Inteiett, as the said William Jennens, or the Trustees, named in his Marriage Settlement, had in certain Lands, heretofore called the Marsh Lards, in the Parish of St. in the Fie, ds, in the Cou.it) of Aiidulesex, subject to the several prec-.dent I icumbrances thereupon, to be sold for the Purpo'c-s therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Rfc.ved, T iat the B 11 do pals.

Ou.erid, That Mr. Medlycott do carry the Bill to the Leeds, and a.quaint them, iliac this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

AM; ih-.ge from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. G ry:

Mr. ;er.

Tin* I . *rdc ’ av<* agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Te. vments in Cheek Lane, near West Smithfield, the Estate of James Brydges, Esquire, and for purchasing, and icttling, other Estate to the same Uses, without any Amendment:

Alio, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest in, and enable, Trustees to fell some Out-parts of the Estate, late of Sir John Roile, Knight of the Bath, Ceceased, for the Payment of Debts, Legacies, and Portions, and for settling of other Lands to the same Lies, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vest’ng the Estate of The. Berrie, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Mortgages thereupon, and other his Debts, which his personal Eftare will not extend to pay, and for laying out the surplus Money lor the Benefit of his Widow, and Heir at Law, without any Amendment:

AIL, the l ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and for establishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to raise Nine hundred thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities, and, in Default thereof, by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710, without any Amendment:

16.

Mr. Ben/on presented to the House (according to Or- African

der) a Bill for the Relief of the Creditors of the Royal Creditor*. African Company; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for laying certain Duties upon Candles, and Supply Bill; certain Rates upon Moneys to be given with Clerks and Apprentices, towards railing her Majesty’s Supply for the Year 1710, was (according to Order) read a Second ' time.

Re/clved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

RefclvedThat this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

A Petition of the Chandlers within the Town of - Ditto. ti'igham, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill now depending, for laying a Duty (amongst other things) upon Candles, made for Sale, and not upon Candles in general; and there being already great Quantities of Candles made by private Persons, for their own Use, the like Practice will continue, and very much increase, if Candles so made, be exempt from the Duty, and the Intent of the Act will, in great measure, be fruttrated: And praying Relief in the Premisei.

Ordered.\That the Petition do fie upon the Table.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to ReAraining whom the Bill for restraining the Building upon new Building*. Foundations, in the Cities of London and was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Kennett whom the Bill for making the River Kennett navigable Navigation, from Reading to Neva berry, in the County of Berks, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

A Message from her Majesty by Mr. AJion, Deputy Royaj A(yent Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: to Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her in the House of Peers immediately.

4 X Accordingly

35$ i30 MA. 709*

Royal Afient Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up That the Committee, in older to make the most ample M Dills. tQ atten(j jjCr Majesty: Di.fcovery of the Petitioners various Allegations of the ill

And being returned; Management.^ and illegal Practices, of Sir Humphry Mack-

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been worth, the Deputy Governor, and the Directors, of the pleased to give the royal Afient to the several publick. said Company, ordered the Secretary, and Book-keepers, and private" Bills following; viz the Cashier, and other Officers, of the Company, to at*

An Act for granting to her Majesty new Duties of tend the said Committee, and lay before them, the Leiger Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and for Books, Journals, Orders, and Ca(h-Books, together with establishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways the present Constitution of the said Company, and Means, to ra:le Nine hundred thousand Pounds by Which being done accordingly;

Sale of Annuities, and, in default thereof, by another The Petitioners, to make good the First Allegation in

Lottery, for the Service of the Year 17 to: the Petition, produced the original Deeds of Settlement:

An Act for clearing, preserving, and maintaining, the And it appeared to the Committee, that in the Year Harbour of Catwaler, lying nesr Plimouth, in the County 1698 the Petitioners, with other Persons, advanced the

of Devon, and for cleansing, and keeping clean, the Pool, Sum of£. 125,000, which was paid, or secured to be paid, commonly called Sutton's Pool, lying in Plimouthaforesaid: for purchasing a Lease of certain Lead Mines of the late An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition, Sir Carbury Price, and for raising a Stock ot 20,000 for made between Edward Rigby, Gentleman, the honour- the working of the Mines, which was not to be lefiiened able Charles Egerton, Esquire, and the honourable Eby any Dividend whatsoever.

zabeth his Wile, and others, of several Manors and He- That it appeared further, from the said Deed, that, reditaments in the County of Fjpx, heretofore the Estate by Agreement of the Persons, that advanced the said of the Right honourable Ann, late Countess of Oxford, Sum o(£. 125,00 a Lottery was to be made, and drawn: deceased, and to enable Margaret, Ann, and Katherine, That those, who drew the Benefit Tickets, were to be Lennard, Infants, to make Partition of other Lands and the Proprietors of the said Mines; and that such Persons, Tenements in the County of Hertford, and in London, as drew the Blank Tickets, were to have the Profits of the other Part of the said Countels of Oxford's, Estate: Mines, for securing the Repayment of such Sums, as

An Act to veil in, and enable, Trustees to fell some they had advanced, with Interest, at 6 per Centum, but Out-parts of the Estate, late of Sir John Rolle, Knight were to have no Share in the Government, or Manage-of the Bath, deceased, for the Payment of Debts, Le- ment thereof: That those who drew the Benefit Tickets, gacies, and Portions, and for settling of other Lands to were entitled to 4,008 Shares, into which the Mines were the same Uses: divided: Arid the Government and Management of the

An Act for vesting the Estate of ‘Thomas Berrie, Esquire, said Mines were committed to a Governor, and to Sir deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Deputy Governor, during Life,

Mortgages thereupon, and other Debts, which his per- and to 1a Directors, Proprietors of 20 Shares each, to be fonal Estate will not extend to pay, and for laying out annually chosen by the Persons entitled to Three Shares, the surplus Money for the Benefit of his Widow, and or more, each; which Governor, Deputy Governor, and Heir at Law: Directors so chosen, were to order and govern the

An Act for Sale of several Tenements in Cheek Lane, Mines, and Stock, and receive the Profits thereof, under near West Smithfield, the Estate of James Brydges, Esquire, such Conditions, and Restrictions, as are therein men-and for purchasing, and settling, other Estates to the same tioned.

Uses: Mr. Sheres Secretary to the Company, owned, the

An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of Lottery was drawn.

- Isaac Knight, Esquire, in the Counties of Nottingham and The Petitioners alleged, that, from the Year 1699, to

York, for Payment of the Portion of Hannah, the Wife this Time, Sir Mackworth hath acted as Deputy

of Thomas Stones, Esquire, and the Arrears of an An- Governor; and that he, together with the Directors have nuity, payable to Dickenson Knight, Gentleman, and for taken upon themselves the Management and Direction of settling the Overplus to the same Uses, to which the Lands the Mines, and Stock, and have actually received, over to be loid, do Hand limited, and for charging other and above such Sums as have accrued to them by banking. Lands with the said Annuity: and over and above such Sums as purchased the said

An Act for vesting the several Manors and Lands Mines, a Sum, exceeding £.,80,000.

therein mentioned, in the County of Oxott, late the In- Mr. Sheres, being called, owned the First Part of the heritance of William Jenneni, Esquire, deceased, and by Allegation: And, to prove the Remainder, Mr. Forty his Marriage Settlement conveyed to the Uses therein ex- produced several Articles out of the Company Stock prefl'ed, in Trustees, to be sold, for clearing several In- Leiger Book; by which it appeared, that there had cumbrances thereupon, precedent to the said Marriage been received, in Money, or Effects, the Sum of76,408. Settlement, and inverting the Surplus of the Money, 5$. prout Particulars in Paper, marked A. arising by such Sale, in aPurchafe of other Lands, to the The Petitioners would have proceeded, to have made like Uses, as were limited by the said Marriage Settle- a further Charge of £. 24,840, which, by the original

ment, and for vesting in the said Trustees such Estate Settlement, was agreed to be applied, at the Direction of

and Interest, as the said William Jennens, or the Trustees. Sir Humphry Mackworth, for the discharging all Demands named in his Marriage Settlement, had in certain Lands, on the Mines, and all the Charges of the Lottery, of heretofore called the Marsh Lands, in the Parish of St. which Sum, they did suppose, there was remaining the Giles's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, subject Sum of £. 10,000 for the Benefit of the Petitioners, and to the several precedent Incumbrances thereupon, to be others; but failed of the Proof; it beingoblerved by the fold, for the Purposes therein mentioned. Committee, that in the original Settlement the said Sum of £. 24,840 was left at Sir Humphry Mackworth'% Dif- Mr. Bettfon(according to Order) reported from the polal, without Account; and that those Words, " with-Committee, to whom the Petitions of the several Credi- " out Account," were omitted in the Copy, printed, and tors, and Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, given out by the Company’s Order, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, in be- Mr. Collins, Printer to the Company, said, that the half of themselves, and several Widows, and Orphans, Copy, from which he printed the Settlement, was dclt-Members and Creditors of the Company of the said Mine vered to him, and corrected, by Sir Humphry Adventure, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to The Petitioners, in order to prove the Deputy Gover-them; which he read in his Place, and afterwards deli- nor, and Directors, wilfully acted contrary to the Constitu-vered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, tion, and Agreement, settled for the Management of the and is as follows; viz. Mines, and Stock, committed to their Care, and by very

Mint

Adventure

Company.

1

9 ANN. 1$° Marti!35

indirect Practices have violated, for their own Advah-tage, the Trust in them reposed, read a Clause in the Settlementj whereby it appeared, that no lefstlian Five Directors, and the Chairman for the Time being, shall have Power to transact the Affairs relating to the Mines, and Stock.

There was then laid before the Committee a Book, containing the Minutes oft he Sub-committee of Management; whereby it appeared, that several Matters of Consequence, concerning the Mines, had been tratifided sometimes by Two, sometimes by Three, Directors; and in one Instance, May tire 17th, 1708, there is an Order minuted, and no Minute of any Director present.

The Petitioners alia produced the Minutes of the Court of Directors, of the Year t7o3, ma io d Letter G: And it appeared, that several Courts had been held, and Cveral Orders had been made at the tame, without asufficient Number; and in fever.il Pittances there were only Two or Three Directors present.

Mr. Sheres said, that, when a sufficient Number of

Directors were not in Town, it was usual for tho:e present to act as a Court.

It appeared further, by the Company’s Minute Book, that in their Orders were great Numbers of Rafurcs, and Interlineations.

The Petitioners, in order to make out, that these Irregularities were followed by Miiiipphcitions of the Company’s Money, produced the Ldger of quick Stock; whereby it appeared, that £.815. 19J. was charged to the Company’s Account for the Expences of Law.

Mr. fVishaw, Attorney for the said Company, fill, that obt of that Sum he received £. 527, upon the Account of a Suit with Sir Tho. Mnifdl; and, that the Expences of Sir Humphry Mai I: north's Complaint in Parliament, f>r Breach of Privilege, made Part of the fud Sums; and that, he believes, the whole Sum of £.815. igs. id. was expended in that Suit with Sir Thomas Manfdl, and the Branches of it.

That he had an Order from Sir and the Directors, to act in the Company’s Name.

Being jifked, if several of the prelied Men, about which the Suit began, were not Colliers, belonging to Sir Hunt; by Alackzcorrh; he said they were.

Sir Thomas Manfd.l (.1 Member of this House) said, that only One of the Men, that were pressed, was the Com jinny’s Servant; and, as loon as that was known, that Van was <Ji:. barged.

The Journal of the quick Stock was laid before the Committee; and there appeared to have been paid the Sum of£.187. 4 1.jjd. under this Title; viz.

"Paid sundry Charges on the Account of the Office of " Under-sheriff, in the County of Glamorgan, undertaken by Hawkins, for the Service of the Company, in order

"to procure Justice to be done chem for the Damage "they received by imprefiing their Workmen."

There appeared also by the Company's Journal, and Leiger, that several Suras, amounting to £.1,433, ^ia<^ been paid for circulating the Company’s Notes, for Premium for advancing Money, and (or continuing Calli in the Company’s Office; the Particulars whereof are in the Paper, marked B.

The Petitioners fui ther said, that they give the Instances aforesaid, to prove, there have been Misapplications; and that, if they produce no more, it is, becaulc their Accomptants have but within these lew Days had the Perusal of the Company’s Books; and, that those Books have neither been regularly, nor distinctly, kept.

The Petitioners, for to prove they were denied the inspeding the Company’s Books, though they had a Right to insped the fame, by virtue of a Clause, contained in the original Settlement, and by them read, called

Mr. Chancey; who said, that in the Year 1709 he went

to the Company’s House, in order to make a Transfer of his principal Money, and other Interest, he had there; but was refused so to do, unless he would pay a Mulct, Vdt. 16.

of £. 1 o per Cent, for not having an five red the Call of a Court of Directors: He then desired, he might have the Liberty to peruse the Company's Books, that he might know their Circumstances; but was refuted: 'i hat he went a Second time upon the same Account, and was again denied by the Book-keeper; who, being asked the ifcafbn, produced an Order of the Court of Directors, of the 21st Dav of January, 1707; viz. "That the Door " to the Accompfant’s Office be kejit locked; and that " no Person be admitted to insped the Accounts but of such, as shall be approved by the Governor, Deputy " Governor, or Court of Directors."

To prove, that the Accounts were not regularly kept,

Mr. Horn, late Book-keeper to the Company, owned, that the Accounts of the Profits and Lossol the Mines, and Comjianv’s Stock, were neither annually made up, or balanced, till the Year 1698.

Mr. Fo'tie, Accomptant for the Petitioners, gave the fame Evidence; and laid further, that the Accounts were f» far from being annuaHy balanced, that some particular Tran lad ions, of near Two Year*, were kept from the Company's Book-keeper’s Knowkge.

And the Leiger Book being produced; it appeared, that an Account of Mr. Peck's, to the Value of £. 19,638, beginning in the Year 1707, was not entered in the Company's Books till the 14th of April, 1709, as hereafter, under its proper Head, is more particularly let forth.

Mr. Fcrtie further proved, by the Leiger of Shares,

that there were transferred, on the 20th of August, 1706; 200 Shares to Sir Tho. Mackwor Account absolute; and vet it doth not appear, the Value thereof is any where brought to the Company’s Account.

But the Committee observed, that there is an Article of 47 Shares accounted for in the Leiger of Stock, but no Notice taken of 153 Shares remaining.

Mr. Sheres, being examined, said, that 200 Shares were transferred, by Sir Humphry Mackworth's Order, to Sir Thomas Mackworth; and that the said Sir Thomas hath, besides these Shares, 640 Blanks, belonging to the Company: That the Design of the Transfer was tostock-job theie Shares, for to keep up the Value of the rest.

That sometimes Shares were bought, and sometime* fold; and that there was a particular Account kept; that concerned these Shares only; but it was kept between Sir Humphry Mack-worth, Sir Thomas Mackworth, and himself.

The said Sheeres, being atked, where the Account was, replied, it was in Sir Humphry keeping.

Sir Tho.Mackworth, attending the Committee, said;

that the noo Shares by Sir Humphry Mackworth's Order were transleired to him, which were to be sold lor the Company’s life; but that he-had concerned himself no further with them, than to give Directions for their being fold; and that Mr. Sheeres hath received about £.3,000 for them, which hath not been brought to Account to the Company; nor was any Account made up to/ him, though he had several times solicited Sir Humphry Mackworth and Mr. Sheeres for it. And to prove, the Shares were actually fold, he produced a Receipt for £.1,800, under Mr. Sheers' Hand, for 100 Shares fold.

That, when the Company were at the Brink of Ruin, he assisted them with near £. 4,000, and had some Allowance made for the fame; but never could get any Account from Sir Humphry Mackworth, or Sheeres, though he has been with them above 100 times for that Purpose, but always was imposed upon by Excutes.

That Sic Thomas is no Accomptant, and therefore fays, he has always been a gieat Stranger to the Affairs trail faded between Sir Humphry Mackworth and Sheeres with regard to himself; but that he has often observed, Sheeres has acted very irregularly.

That he once had the keeping of one of the Keys, belonging to the Treasury Chest; but, going out of* Town; he left the same with Mr. Sheres, lealed up in a Letter for William Collins-, and writ afterwards to Coldns, to know if the Key had been delivered; but Mr. Collins acquainted him, that Sheeres refused to let him have it.

That,

Mine

Adventure

Company*

Mine

Adventure

Company*

360 13 Martii.1709.

That, though Sir *tho. Mackworth obtained an Order of Court for his Justification, in leaving the Key with Mr. Collins, yer Mr. Sheerer took care, such Order should

not be entered in the Minutes.

The Petitioners would then have proved, that the Directors, in making Bargains for the Value of £. 5,000, had exceeded the Power, given them by their said Settlement; but failed in Proof; it appearing, that though by the Deed printed for the Information of such Persons as are concerned, the Power of the Directors was confined to Bargains of £. 5,000 Value, yet, by the original Settlement, they could contrail for any Sum under 10,000.

Mr. Blechingdon laid before the Committee a sealed Bill of the Company of the Mine Adventurers, for to prove, the Company had ereiked a Bank: And then the Petitioners proceeded to make good the Allegation in their Petition, that deceitful Means were used, to procure Credit, and worse, for eluding Creditors, and preventing their recovering their just Debts.

To prove the First Part of the Allegation, Mr. , Agent for the Company at the Lead Mines, produced Three Letters, which, he said, he had received from Sir HumphryMackivonb, lettered C, D, and Ej which Letters being shewn to Mr. Sheeres and Mr. Wijhaiv, and being by them owned to be Sir Humphry Macktvorth's Hand-writing, the Committee have made such Extracts from them, as the Petitioners made use of, to prove their Assertions; viz. January the 23d, 1699, Sir Mackworth writes to Mr. Waller:

" You cannot imagine thcCry againstusin this Town. " All my best Friends begin to forsake us. If there be " no Prospect of Interest Money this June, neither " Blanks, nor Shares, will be worth picking up in the Streets; but, if we had a little Oar in the Banks, and " were raising Oar in Two or Three Places, I could get the Committee, perhaps, to buy the Company’s " Shares, and pay the Interest, at least to all the new " Adventurers. I believe, you had best tell us of that " Bargain in the North Vein, without distinguishing " whose Ground it is; which you may hereafter excuse, " alleging, you were informed, that I had granted the " Oar to the Company; for then we can still say, we are raising Oar in Two Places. In your next you had best " give us l'ome Account of your raising Oar, and tell us, " why you cannot raise much at first, the Water being " strong upon you, and you cannot suddenly drain it, " nor make room for many Men to work, but in time " you shall double your Men, and raise Quantities, but " much more, when the lower Level is brought home " to the Vein, and no Water trouble you: In the mean " time you have a full Trial of the Vein, as to its " Certainty of being a settled Vein, and bearing rich in " Oar; but that they must not expect, at first coming " up to any Vein, to raise Oar fast. 1 have demonstrated, that One thousand Ton of Oar, raised the First " Year after the Levels are brought home, and doubled " every Year, for Five Years, and then added together, " will raise 31,000 Ton of Oar; which, at £.6 per Ton, " fmeltiflgand refining, will amount to^.i86,000, which " will fully pay Principal and Interest, and £. 23,500 " Overplus: so this Notion must be kept up.

" I must beg of you to continue to raise Oar with " Pumps, or Engines, or any thing, either in the great " Shaft, or West Level, though it cost £. 40 per Ton. " See what you can bargain for: The Name of raising Oar in several Places will raise us Money, and keep " our Credit, till the great Vein is found, and our " Interest Money paid. Pray consider these things, and " fee what you can do."

Out of the Letter, marked D, dat. 160 Jamarii, 1706, the Petitioners read this Passage:

" I confess, we are now in great Hopes from both " Mines and Bank: The latter, in time, may alone " support us, had we but Quantity of Goods at any " Rate."

Mr. Sheeres, being examined, what he knew concerning Mr. Peck's buying Lead for the Company’s Use, said, *4

that Sit Humphry Mackworth had Orders from the Committee of Management to make a Contract with Mr. Peck 1 and accordingly Sir Hump. Mackworth had entered into Articles, and contrafted, in Consideration of£. 3,388, fot such Lead, and Workhouses, as were belonging to the said Peck; and that, as he*was a Man of Business and Reputation in the Country where the Mines were, and the Queen’s Receiver for several Counties, he was looked upon as one, might be useful in circulating the Company's Bills, and was promised by Sir Humphry Mackworth the annual Dividend of 200 Shares, which might be worth, about £.300 a Year,

He being aiked, whether Mr. Peck, besides the said Bargain, had not transacted other Business, and, whether he had not Orders from Sir Humphry Mackworth to buy Lead for the Company’s Use; he owned, that Mr. Peck had bought considerable Quantities of Lead, and Oar, in Flintshire, and thereabouts: That the Oar was fmeltal in the Company’s Work-houses; and that the Lead was shipt, or fold, as the Produce of the Company’s Mines.

Sheres, being aiked the Date of Mr. Peck's Articles with Sir Humphry Mackworth, owned, they were dated the 30th Day ot May, 1707, and prior to any Order of the Court of Directors; and that it was agreed by One of the Articles, that, if the Agreement was not confirmed, and the Conveyances executed in pursuance thereof, by the Company, in Two Months, those Articles were to be void; but that, he believes, by a subsequent Agreement, the Company was to have a longer time, for confirming the said Articles.

Mr. Peck said, that about the 30th of 1707, he did enter into Articles with Sir Humphry Mackworth, to fell such Lead, as was his own, with his Workhouses, to the Company of Mine Adventurers, with this Proviso,. that the Articles should be void, if not confirmed by the Company, and Deeds executed thereupon, in the Space of Two Months; which Condition was not perfo&ied, nor does he remember, he agreed afterwards, that the Company should have a further time allowed, for confirming their Agreement; but that, excepting the Bargain, mentioned in the said Articles, he had no other. Dealings with the Company; but that whatever he tr^nf-acted since, has been upon the Account of Sir Humphry. Mackworth, and by his and Mr. Sheres' Directions.

That the Letters, he received from Sir Humphry Mackworth and Mr. Sheeres, make no mention of Orders from the Company.

That he was employed by Sir Humph. Mackworth, in buying all the Lead and Oar he could get, and to ship off the Lead in the Name of the Company; but the Oar was (melted in the Company’s Workhouses,

That he had also Orders from Sir Humphry,

to buy Silver in the1 Country, which he sent by the Carrier to Mr. Shores at London: That the Silver, as well as the Lead, was disposed of, as the Product of the Company’s Mines, and at a lower Rate, than the original Cost, and; Carriage, amounted to: And, to confirm that Part of his Evidence, that he had Orders to buy Silver, delivered; to the Committee the Bundle of Letters, marked F.

That his Payments were made in Specie Bills, lent him by Sir Humphty Mackwort, or Mr. Shores’, and no mention made, that they were ordered by the Com*, pany.

Mr. Sheres said, that by an Order of the Sub-corn*, mittee of Management, November 27th, 1707 (which he produced) Sir Humphry Mackworth's Articles with Mr. Peck were confirmed, and a Deed executed.

Upon which Order Mr. Peck observed, that the Confirmation of the Agreement was several Months after the Articles were void:

And said further, that neither any Deed of the Company’s had been delivered to him, nor had any mention (though he had been several Times in Town) been made to him, of signing a Counterpart; and, besides, that Bargain, on the Article, concerned only 3,300.

Mr. Peck acquainted the Committee likewise, that he had been employed by Sir Humphry Mackworth in circulating

Ann.

13 Mar

361

culating the Company'* Specie Bills.: That he received the Bills from Sir Humphry, or Mr. Sheris (except in One or Two Instances) and to them gave Receipts; and to them he paid the Money, he raised on those Bills, excepting £. 800 he paid to Dykes, when Sheres was out of the

" they have paid him, to be accountable^. 19,638.6s. tut. MiB#

" The Account current of the said Committee, the Adventwr " Balance whereof, due to the Company's Account, Company. "£413. 14J. td.

Ordered, That the Accomptant enter the same in the

way: And that he kept no Account with any Person, Books of this Company accordingly

but Sir Humphry Mackworth, and Mr. Sheres.

Mr. Dykes, Cashier to the Company, said, that he bad Orders from Sir Humphry that Mr.

Peek's Receipts for Specie Bills should jollify his Calli; and that, accordingly, such Receipts were never mentioned in his Accompts, but that he charged himself with their Value, as Money in his Hands; and that the Directors did not know, that he bad Notes inllead of Money.

Mr. Sheres said, that by Sir Orders he did keep Mr. Peck's Accompt, till it was allowed by the Court of Directors on the 12th o 1709: And, after many Prevarications, owned, that he

But a great Part of the said Minute appealing to the Committee to have been writ in a different manner, than the rest of the Minutes of that Day, and that the Worth " allowed" was writ upon- a Ralure, the Committee examined the Directors, laid to be present, when the Order was made.

Mr. Edmund Clark, Mr. Hen. Buck, Mr. Freem. Collins, Directors, laid, that on the 1 ath of April, 1709, several Accounts were laid before the Court; and, that Directions were given to enter the same in their Books, in order to be examined; but, that they were not allowed; as is minuted.

Mr. Fern.wick said, that he was sure, be could not con-

received the Money, which Peck paid upon the Company’s sent to allow Mr. Peck's Account; for he believed, they Bills; but excused himieif, that he paid the same to were never so perfected, as to be examined, ortopafs; Dykes: And being a Iked, why he, that was Secretary, and, upon his questioning Sheres, Sheres owned, the

Minute was not read before Mr.

Sir Thomas Mackworth laid, that there was no Order made by the Court of Directors, for the allowing the said Accounts; and is very well satisfied, that it was usual for Sheres, the Secretary, to omit entering some Orders, when made by the Court, into the Minutes, and to alter other

acted as Cashier; replied, that he gave out the Bills to Pick, and received the Aloney by Sir Humphry Mack-worth's Order; but that he acted as Cashier in no other Cafe.

The Petitioners then desired the Committee, fmee Mr. Peck said, he acted by Sir Humphry Mackworth's

Order, and not by the Company’s, they would please to Orders, alter they have been entered, examine, why his Accounts were entered in the Compa- Mr. Edward , who, with the rest of the

ny’s Books, and in what manner. . Directors, mentioned thei 2th April, was said to be present

Mr. Fortie was called, and produced the Leiger A. B. at a Court the 13th, where the Minutes of the 12° were for to prove, that Mr. Peck's whole Accompt, amount- minuted to be read, and approved, said, that had there ing to £. 19,638, was entered on the 14th Day of April, in been any Proposal to allow Peck's Account, it would have the Year 1709, though it appeared by several Particulars been rejected with Scorn.

in the Journals, that that Account commenced in the Mr. Bronfeild, also present at the Court of Directors Month o (June, in the Year 1707. the 13th Day of denies, that Mr. Peck's Name

Mr. Sheres, being again examined, owned, that, from was mentioned,

the Year 1707 to the Year 1709, he had kept Peck's Mr. Sheres, being several times examined, said at first, Accounts; and that they had not been brought into the that the Minute was regularly entered; afterwards, with Company’s Books, till after a Statute of Bankrupt was Difficulty, owned, that the Minute was not entered till filed out against Peck. the 14th of April-, and after some Prevarications, and

Mr. Horn, the Company’s Accomptant, being asked, being confronted with the Directors, said, that he did by what Authority, and what Direction, he had entered not know, but Sir Humphry Mackworth might order the into the Company’s Books Mr. Peck's Accounts, replied, Alterations, but cannot be positive; but at last made his

that in April, 1709, Mr. Sheres shewed him a short Minute, or Order, of the Court of Directors, for entering in the Company’s Books the Accounts of the Subcommittee of Management, in which Peck's Account was included.

That, not thinking this general Order sufficient for his Justification, he drew up, by Mr. Sheres his Directions,

Confession, that originally the Minute was in thefeWords: " The several Accounts of the Committerof Management being examined, and read, by this Court; ordered, " That the Accomptant enter the same in the Books of " this Company:’’ And that, by Sir Humphry Mackworth's Direction, he had raled out the Words " and read," and in their room put in the Words " were allowed; " and

an Order, that was particular: That he delivered it to, that, by the same Orders, he had rased out as much, as

was necessary, for to introduce the rest of the Minute, as it now appears.

The Committee observed, that the Account, allowed, or passed, by this Minute, amounted to£.32,294. or. $d. as appeared by the Journal B, Page 348.

The Petitioners, as a further Instance, that Artifice had been uled to procure Credit, called

Mr. Chancey, who said, that, when the Banking, which

and it was returned him by, Mr. Sheres, in a little . after, with the following Addition at the Bottom of the Order; viz."Allowed. Witness, William Sheres."

Which Order, so witnessed, he shewed to the Committee.

Mr. Sheres said, that the Minute of the Court of Directors, April the iath, 1709, agreed with the Order he had given Mr. Horn, for entering the said Accounts in the Company’s Books: Which Minute was read, and is he had opposed, was first begun by the Company, he was as follows: ordered by the Directors to inspect the Caff); and that

" Present, accordingly he had de/nanded the Keys of the Calli Chest:

" Sir Humphry Mackworth, That, after Five Days delay, he got the Chest opened,

Mr Edward Clerke, Mr. Henry Buck, and found, that, in lieu of Money, there were not only

" Mr. IVm. Fenwick, Mr. Frem. Collyns, Notes of Directors for £.480, but that there were also Sir Thomas Mackworth, Mr. Gardiner. Specie Bills of the Company’s, to the Value of £. 1,800.

The several Accounts of the Committee of Manage- That he applied himself to Sir Humphry Mackworth," to " ment, being examined, were allowed by this Court; know the Reaton, why Notes were reckoned as Money; *' viz. On Account of Sales 2,604 Blanks, or£, 13,020 and he was answered, there was a Necessity to make the u principal Money, the net Proceed whereof amounted Calli look big, and consequently keep their own Notes " to £. 9,927. 9J. An Account of Sales of 146 Shares, there, for otherwise their Friends would leave them.

together with the Purchases made of Ninety-nine Shares, The Petitioners then laid before the Committee the the net Proceed of which Account amounts to £.844. following Minute of the Court of Directors, held the 3d or. 1 id.being the net Proceed of47 Shares fold: An Day of December, 1707, about Three Months before the *4 Account with Daniel Peck, Esquire, whereby it appears. Company postponed the Payment of their Bills:

Vol. 16. 4Y "Present,

r

%6i t faA. *709.

rr ' ' Jt -Mine ' si j Co^ppnjr

Adtentefo ' 0‘- <= vu« $st.Humphry MackwpKfk* £39,500

Company. Sir 'Thomas Mackworth, Mr. Fenwick,. t \ direct«[.

w Mr. Breton, Mr. Mulklty, Mackworth', The Petitioners, for to prove, (nil AftltttSett West! afed,

Mr. Jackson, IVfr. Gardiner, to procure Money for the Company’s said Sills, tailed

# i\a/',uu i. - .,__________ Mr. B'lackiimtpn; who laid, thit in March,

> -M'lo.pursuance of the Orders of thejaft^geperat Court, Humphry Mackworth, knowing, that he had Ordfcrt frOfft " aDividend will.bemadc-in-M^y-next,.in, new, Money, Mr. to dispose of a^Navyjjift, on Which Wai due

*-to'be comedfoom Bullion* extracted from thqir Lead, about ^1,400, dielired.Jtbat aFriend Ofhis blight hattf

at the Rafce.of£ $.percent. in.Proppr.tion of Proprie- it, who would take the/Blll at Far. *

" tors of Shares, according to their origipa} Value of |fhat . Sir Humphry Mackworth ^Vufea Wf. T%yfM*i V }£» *0 jwr. -Sharey and apr.oportion?bJft^y.i.dcnc} tp, the fetter of Attorney, and objected to PoWKr

"Proptimrs of Blanks, to wards the.Dif^rge of.prip- w affighing, the said Bill; arid therefore j^ropdfed, h/tr.

-cipal Money, withanAdcUtion to A nnuities, according should make a new 'Assignment f6 Mh

tovAgreemeno, over and above the constant Dividend one.of t£e Directofs of the Company.

*<»fi^hper Gnui., 1-1,; ,.i. . u; 1.. ur^,k. <; .1.,. further said, that :he 'then Tulifted " Ordered, That this Advertisement be in^j-^d ip^he ipme Defi’gn; aryl told %r Humphry M’ack-woith, that *‘;n%xt Gazette, for the Information of the Partners in the Mr. 7^* eipe<^edlrea(ly Money’: To which Answer was

"Country."1*; i, c.. , (/l)1 , iam^x^tj^.p^tmeftName was'cnly'ufoil, ‘becauso

The-Gazi/rt,-dated*the 8th Pay of.iWa*ta#.,.i7?7, ^is Friend jiad no Mthd'to'be^pown.

Was produced, to . prove, that the Advertisement was That'an iWreepie'nt: w^s’rriade for ready Money r and,

published accordingly. j.. ice^dingly, Mr. Th’yhn affigried The Navy Bill to‘Mr.

'- Mr. Horn, being aiked, what Demand of new-coined Gardner, and it was delivered' to Sir 'Mackworth

Money-the said Advertisement would make- on the Com- on the 15th of March, 1707; who gave the said Mr. pany, and-what Quantity of Bullion app^afedby the the Company’s Specie Bills for £1,400, ami

Books to be in their Possessioo, -to coin. foeb Mqwy told him, wh, en the said Blechingdon made Difficulties of from, replied, by- his-Account the Demands wop]d>have accepting the Bills;tHpt they'were'ecjual to'Money, been £. 15,567, and*that the Bullion, theo ji* th^ip Pof- c. That the vefy6ext*P^y’ he heard,' with Surprize, that session, was about 31,374 (k valued.at abpttf.j£c 9Mr^CoqAj^ny of Mine ’Adydhtufers‘ had ftppt' theirT’ay-i" Thv Committee thea1inquired,.since the Bplfigg was ments; and having received Orders, by Letters from not firfHcient* for to make such Payn>ePb AS, wpyld. be Mr who was then ‘out of Town,' not' td'difpdfe

required at the Time, appointed by the Adverti/epient, of his Navy Bill, without1 the Xord (Vey mouth'% Order, whether there nwas. Cash -to aofwer. the.farne j.and it he, with grbat Concern, abptie<^ himself to ’Sir Humphry appeared by the Cash Books, that there was in Cafo^ at , to have the Navy Bill reffdred ;’but-Was

the Time of the Advertisement, the Sum of ' 9,101, but answered it could pot be; for "that' their Bdhk Was-in great

that there was then.Specie Bills, and Cash Notes, rstand- Difficulties: That there had beena R\in u'pon them; and, ing out, to the Value of £. 43,324. i8x> 5d, over and besides, the Navy BUI Was'npw'made Cash.

-above a great Sum, the Company was indebted upon That he, the said' Blechingdon, replied, there had bean

Bonds. - - .1 ...; . 1 ..... ... ,no Run| for that, ’ the Day" before, ’ they Company’s

The-Committee obfenved, the Company (w^s,so.for. Receipts were 500more than their Payments: That he at the Time of the aforesaid Advertisement, from, hjivjpg was forced first to use lntreatles, and 'then to* declare his Profits, todivide the Value of £.15,56,7, that. Jthoy. were Refqjutionoot to stirfrom the Place, till he had the said Indebted, besides-their-Bonds, to thetr.No.te^, ,pvcr and 'Nfvy Bills. after which Sir Hhmphry M^hwdrtb ddlvcred above what could be answereid by their Cash and Bullion, city but made h)m first make a (^lemn Froteftation. that

33,^96. - - t*. u... i ..... ‘he^would.only fjhfw yhejNavjr^Bilf to'she Lord )Vey»

The Directors bang asked, for what Reason the afore- apd bring it back, ^hout'^aiffcovering, that the said Advertisement was published, when they had so little Company had postponed the Payment of their Bills.

'Bullion* to-answer so great a Dividend, and so small a ...That he being Servant at that time of the Chm*

Cash, to answer so great (i Debt;.. . pany’s, lie too ftridily kept' his Prbmifefor which he

-‘- Mr. Breton-answered, the Company’s Credit was. very expressed a great Regret; and having made no Mention,

good, and expected, the Mines would produce Silver, , that thp Company stopt their Payments, had the Lord -sufficient, by the-Time appointed, for Payment, which s Leave to (ell the'Navy Bill, Which he deli-

Was about Rjut Months after, the tsaid Advertisement. vered to Syr and to accept the Com-

Mr . Harrifonsaid. Sir Humphry Mackworth proposed flany’s Bills for Payment. ( t

-the Dividend* which he. oppofod, because the Company The. Cpqjmittee observed, by the Company’s Journal,

had so small aQuantityiof.Bullion____ . jthat the said Navy[JBiljwa^.fbl^', within few Days, so Sir

Mr. Jackfon4iud,..Mr. Walieta Letters put them in James Hallet, one of the Directors, for the Sum- of

Ekpeftation of Quantities of Silver..... J, J37- i6/.and that^.^of of the said 1,337 waspaid

Mr. Waller said, that the-Expectation was hot from ijp the. Company’s postponed Biljs, as under its -proper *<the-Company’s Mines, but that the -Proftts.wete.tOJirife Head, will be more particularly set forth, another way; and produced a Letter . from. Sir. -. - Xh.e.Petitipners then proceeded to prove the id-Part of

Mack-worth,’dAtod the J4th of Augufaijo-jmarked L, their Allegation, That deceitful Means Wert u'fed, for in which ShHumphry Mackworth fays, iV I. have been at eluding Creditors, and preventing their Recovery of their ‘Derby,1 Wirhsworth, CAatt/worth, the Peke, and just Debts. , L

" (hsall-contrive mofk of the Lead of that Country 1 about Mr. being called, said, that in -the Year

«-the -Peak, which is as jich ^s FlinU I -hetpe, we shall 1707,; ing^g.fotne Dpubt of t^e Gircpmltances. of the

* one way or other, amongst' us, set this Company yet Company, £ir Humphry Mackzyorib, in order to persuade *«‘ on a-noble and lofting Foundation. Quantities. (will him to lodge his Money in the Mine Advehturere Bank ^raise Credit, Credit will bring in Motley, Money will ftiewed him^a Parchment, japt up', with several Seals to

v-bring in Profit,"-..... 1-... ,. t it, which, he, said, was a Suoscription Deed,- for’eircu-

The Petitioners, (of taprove, that the Design of the . latijig their Cyedit, and was to fecu’re the Payment of the Directops,-notwithstanding the bad Circumstance?of the . CompanyX Bonds, and Notes; upon which‘Aflurttnce

‘Company, was to contract greater Debts upon the Credit As lent _h is Money. _ ..... (

‘Of the Advertisement aforelmd would give ihejn> called , . That, after the Company had ffoftpohed*Payrtrent of Mr. ‘Warfdalti. one of tho.Qlprks of the-.Company;. thei.r Bilis, h^ was appomted by feverar Creditors to foe who said*-that on the-. 3d of January*, a^auq aJFortajght thp aforesaid Subfcrrption Deed, hnd to-acquaint them after the aforesaid Advertffoment, new-coined Bills of the with the Nature thereof.

That

2 Ann.

15°

3<?3

intreated to do it by Mr. Harrifo and Mr* Brown: And

VT Wnwcr Wfttf £fc&, hi.6

l,) IJ* '3)iu*L CK> JflUi iii-

; 4 , (

os Batioland Mr. BmL idlfe R^edors, pre^nf,

him, that thereb?d been Iqcl) a Def d of ^pption, that it was expired. and cancelled.

'Mr. Buek'ariffJAr. Jackson said, that they agreed to cancel the ' Reed, ticcause' they* thought; that "it 'dfetet-g}ine(| itJ»n one j ear. ": " '

Tjiat 'they 'were led into that Opinion by an Order of the 'General 'Court; the ad Day tif December1, '1706;

having given him tbf hftprq^tjpri; and* that then Sir Janus Hal

told him,

|»ut that it was expired, and cancpll^d,'

The Commit/e? ordered % Spbicriptiop Deeds to be ( ,

iaid befiatt th/cro: ^nd yere^wo produced by where it was agreed* that in hnnutil Subscriptiohi for Shores; oac dated tthf / f.tk Sefttepihff, 1706; wjilcfi fot circulating the Company ;s'Bdnds;Nbres,'arid BiHs, should forth, th^t the Personb ,wjjp fub^rybyd thf lame, (hpu|d be taken; and that thtry understood the Meaning of that pay such Sums, as they subscribed, in such Manner, and Resolution to be; that thfc Sbbscribers* should not be vrsoportion, at the Cpmt ,of JDi^eito^s of the said Cora- obliged for to answer the Suriis they subscribed;'if nbt j»nyIbouldappointj to.yijhLch jforft Peed wasfublcribed caltra for within a Yeai*'. 1 \ ‘i

the Sutn.of £. 40,40®; the otlyjr <jfoft:d the’ioth of Seth- The ^itipnej^objected, that by a Minute of the Court amber, j 707, differing in Coycq^nt from Jtjie former only of UireCTqrsj the 1'3'th Day1 of August Iyby, it appeared, in the Time, to be allowed t^ic Subscribers, for paying that the'Subftripfion Deed had been read’in the Court j their Subscription, after the Court ctf J^iredhors haa made and therefore thtre coiildbe rid Ignorance of the Contents; -a Call i to which last Peed was /ubicribed the Sum of and that, supposing that the' Deed wife to determine in a £. 40,000. ^ear, yet, since that the Cotbp4ny'stopr thdr Payments

.Mr. Horn (according, to Order) said before the Com- on the 17th Day of March, tj07,' add' that the'Dirtftdrs mil tee, Extracts ,from the Company’s Lciger A, B; agreed, the (aifl Deed was in force until the Stptehber ewhereby it appeared, that the jPayrpents, made by such, after', the)' ought to have Called the whoso Subscription as subscribed the said . Pyeds, had been very irregular: Money, for to pay theft Creditors.'

'That fopae of the Subforibers bad (pade their payments To which Mr. only replied, that, what the Court

(auch oather, and paid, in propostion, much more, than of Directors had called for, he had paid....

others; and that there was wanting, to complete the Pay- Sir James said, he refused to cancel the Deed,

matat* due on the first Subscription Deed, the Sum of Mr. Collins said, he was present, and cut off His Own

i£-ao,550, and to complete t|je payment due on the h^me; and that he had neverheard Sheres dbjeft to the .‘Second.Subscription Deed, the-, Sum of £. 12,650. cancelling the Deed.

The Committee obliyved, J that though the Design of ' That he had the Deed in keeping, after the First Seals v|hq Subscripiiont Deads w<Ut to impower the Company for were cut off, and did' nOt 'rfcfufoiotb^ Persons thtr'Li-to call in Money, for circulating the ir, Bills,_ and, Bonds, bertyof cutting qff their Seals, after Sheres had told him, cyet, that the; Payadqnt, supp.UDCing to £. 12,775, was al- they had complied wishYheir Sitbl'cription.

Jowed for be made, in th^ Company’s. Bills, and lfonds, v-The Committee‘then eh'qiircd,’by Whole Directions - after thq Company had refuled the Payrpent of such their the femaming^Seiils to the last SuBfcriphctn Deed were > . Bills, and Bonds; and that, particularly. Sir Humphry cutoff '* *' '* ».

'iAlaekucrth, had, put of £. 1^400^ which was the whole Mr. Harrison^lT. Collins, said, that, when by Order, Sum he paid on the last Subscription, paid]f. 1,300 in the the Circulation Dbeds were to' be "Ihiid befdCe the Com-rfoid postponed, Bills, and Bonds j One of which, for fiittee of Parliament,’the* said Deeds were taken out of £, coo, w^snot numbered. "’the Company’s Chest, in the PrefcrlCS of Mr; ,

Mr. Shores, being affect, yvhy.Sir fft^mphry, fytack- 'fAx.Hrishaw,\\t. Breio>t,‘a.rid themf Ives; arid that1 they -worthmade his ’Payment, together, and Six Months alter finding, that several, Names were cut off'from the last ^the First Call, said, it, was,.becaus? he was sick. SubscriptioffDe^d, and Yhaf tHerefore, thrfir Oprinion,

' It, wasjalfa obleryed by the Coqimittee, that Sir Tho- it was'airead'y cancelled, they thought it allowable to Cut mas Madhvorthhad made his^w l.ole Payment to the qff the remaining Names, and SiaIs, but ordered them ,vSepond Subscription at Orice. in; Bills, ftptj Bonds, after to be kept in the Company’s Iron Chest. ‘ s Paymoots on:tho Company's;: Rills, had been (lopt, as said, that about the 26'tli February he was

j aforesaid. at the Mine Office by* Accident, where he t und fomo of

; Sir Tho.Jdackviorjh* said, that be had subscribed on, the.Diryftors proposing the cancelling the last Circulation the Account of Sir Humphry Mackworth:That all the Deed, which the Committee of the H. ule of Commons Payments had..been made by him And produced to bad font for: That some of them ribferved, that it was s^sche Committee Sir Hjonphry^ Mackworth*s Letter, for to not fit, for the Deed to appear mangled; and that Mr. improve, that he acted.by his Direction. ’ firopoled to cuf off the rest of the Nafnes: That

\ ‘JAu Trotman(a. Member. of this House) said, that, he,* the said tV.ishaw, said, that he Would’not cut dff the . £* zoowz$brought.to Aqgount^, as paid by him, ip PartSeals, for ^. 500, and was so far from ordering it, that he

.of his Subscription of £.a»oop, though hp |ud.neverj>aid advised the contrary; and that he doCS not' remember, j any such Sum^becauso.be,.did not think, himieff bound that Mr. Breton gave any Advice. ' ' ' " "

1. to ^iqfwer the SuhfcrjpUon,. Sir, ljurypbry Mpckwopth Mr. Jackson said, Mr. fVi/haw did ufo the Expression,

,. having promifod. to.answer it for, b.im. Th^t he would hot cancel the Deed, for £.'$oa, as Prac-

;c:Mr. Wrra.agreed, that thee,.Paympnt -of the ^. qoo titioneir; but wiftied it was done j and that Mri fVfhow was not qude bjl Mr. Trgtaan. ' gave Rent to the Deeds. ' ’ 1 1

The Subscriptioa. Deed^. appearing cancelled t tp she . , Mr. Breton said, that* he gave no Advice for cancelling; Committee, though, not determined by performance, of the Deed"; aha that he Went away) Before it was done.

'the Conditions, led the Committee into an Enquiry^by vMr. Ci/lins,'being examined, laid/what'was dohe, he t. whose Ordec the Subscriberj N<Wne?A^nd Seals, had been thought was by a general Approbation; :and that what . iculoff. 4 he himfolfhad confonied to, Was the Cqrifo^uenCe nfMr.

'..Mr .^Sheresfoid, that there yas nq Order of a Court, Brtton\s Advice, whom he fconfided in, being a LaWyer:

*.» for /the caoceJling ^be Deeds; but that. Me, Brtzvn,- Mr. That Mr, Breton' gave his Opinion,' that,' fomt of the

- *Buckr: bAs 1 HanifonAir. Jpcftfon, and ,.Mr. Colly ns,' Di- Seals, being already cut off the Deed* Was already taneel-Taftors, in.whose Custody thri last Subftriptiqq Deed was, led, and of no ufo; and that they might eflt bff Che rest.

** (pokedoipon it as determined, the 10th ember, 1708, , Mr. Sheeres said, that all in the Room' were of the v- as. he didu also^. and..agreed,. about ,the>^5th of that; same Opinion; and, bdeause there itas not a Number of «> Month, to cut offjbciLpwft.jSeals: That for his Part, Directors present, to maike a Court, he drew mp a Me- '.ootvnthstanding. he btmfolf had qomplfod^with his full morandum of the Agreement to cancel she Circulation

- , Suhfoription* htuoppofod ft, and^didpo^ cut; qff his Sealj . Djeeds: Whic|i Memorandum Mt. ChllinS produced at

till the Directors present had cut off theirs, and was, the Committee. The Question was then asked, by whose - Vo a. 16. ' **'-'..... — Direct.0*

Mine

Adventor*

CVmptiny.

- v-

Miat

Adventure

Company,

13* Martii. 1709.

Direction the First Circulation Deed, which was intire when the Committee sent for it, had been cancelled: To which Dykes replied, that he was called by the Persons above-mencioned \ and, that the First and Second Circulation Deeds were delivered, for to be cancelled with every Person’s Consent then present: That Mr. amongst the rest, said it was pity, it was . done; and that the said Dykes asked particularly, whether he should cancel One Deed, or both; and that Mr.

Jon, Mr. Harrison, and Mr. ordered him to

cancel both; and that no Person made any Objection; and, that, in pursuance of the Order, so given him, when the Gentlemen were gone, he cut the Seals from both the Deeds.

Mr. Jackson and Mr. Breton said, that they believed, the Proposal, that was made in the Discourse, that had passed amongst them, was for cancelling both the Deeds.

The Committee obstrved, that the cancelling these Two Circulation Deeds deprived the Creditors of a*Demand of £.33,200 that remained unpaid by the Subscribers.

The Petitioners laid before the Committee, an Extract of the Debts of the Company, contracted by banking, amounting to £. 88,049. 13,1. with this Observation, that when the Company had by Art raised their Credit, they thought convenient to put a Stop to their Payments, for which there was, at the time it was made, no immediate Necessity.

To prove the First Part of that Allegation, they produced the following Minute of the Court of Directors, held the 17th Day of March, 1707.

" Present,

" Sir Humphry Mackworth,

*( Sir Tho. Mackworth, Mr. Fenwick,

" Mr. Gardiner, Mr. Freeman Collins,

Mr. Edward Harrison, Sir James Hallet.

" Sir Humphry Mackworth acquainted the said Directors, that the Committee of Management had thought " it convenient, that the Payment upon Specie Bills " might be postponed for some time; and defirrd an " Order of that Court for that Purpose: W hich was " ordered accordingly."

The Petitioners also produced the Minute of the Committee of Management, of the 16th of , 1707; whereby it appeared, that such Order was made by the Committee of Management, as is referred to in the Minute of the Court of Directors; and that there was present Sir Humphry Mackworth, Sir Thomas,

and Mr. Fenwick.

The said Mr. Fenwick said, he was not present at the Committee of Management on the 16th of March, 1707, and never had been above Four times in his Life present at the said Committee; and complained to Sheres, who was Secretary to that Committee, for putting his Name present so often, in his Absence; and the said Sheres begg’d his Pardon for so doing: The which Mr. Fenwick proved by Mr. Gardiner-, who said, he was by, when Mr. Sheres begg’d Mr s Pardon, for

having entered him present, as aforesaid.

The Petitioners, to prove, that there was no immediate Necessity for the Company to make the aforesaid Orders, laid before the Committee the Company’s Calli Book j whereby it appeared, that the Day, the aforesaid Order was made, there was received by the Cashier the Sum of £. 500 more than paid j and that there was in Calli the Sum of £. 10,776. 5*. id.

Mr. Dykes, the Cashier, owned, there was charged to his Account the said Sum of £. 10,776, and that thereof £.6,140 was in Money, and the rest in the Company’s own Notes, Goldsmiths Notes, and other Notes, as good as Money.

The Directors present being asked, (everally, why they had agreed to an Order, for flopping the Payment of their Specie Bills, when they had so great a Calli;

Mr. Collins said, he knew nothing of any such Order, not being present, when the same was made; and that . the Directors never had any material Boliness before them.

but all such were transacted by Sir Humphry

or by his Directions to Sheres, the Secretary, whole

Orders, and Actions, be hopes will be detested

Mr. Harrison said, it was very plain, he could not be present when such Stop was ordered, for that he went, the next Day after such Order bears Date, to receive £. 600 upon the Company’s Bills, and was put off by Dykes till the Monday following, under the Pretence, that Sheeres was not present: when, and not till then, he was told of the Stop by Sir Humphry himself; and that it was necessitated, for want of Money to support their Credit.

Sir James Hallet said, he was not present, when any such Order, for postponing their Bills, was made; and if he had, he should have opposed the fame; and that he was drawn into the last Subscription by the Mifrepre-fentation of the Company’s Circumstances from Mr. Breton, a mighty Manager with Sir Humphry Mackworth.

Mr. Gardiner and Wm. Schaiter laid, they were present, when Sir Humphry Mackworth pr'posed the post-

’ poning the Payment of the Specie Bills: That they asked him, what induced the Company of Management to make that Order, since it appeared by their Calb Books, there had been no Run upon their Bank, and that the Company had a large Calli: And the Answer, that was made them by Sir Humphry Mackworth, was, that they were Fools.

Mr. Gardiner added, that Mr. Sheres, being present, laid, that the Bank of England had made an Order, which he had seen, not only for adding an Interest to their Bills, but for postponing their Payments; That this was an Opportunity of doing the same thing, and a good Example to follow.

The Committee observed, that, besides the Sum of £. 10,776 in Calli, which by the Company’s Books appeared at the Time the Court of Directors postponed their Specie Bills, they had a Power of calling in the Money in the Subscription Deeds, to the Value of £.32,200.

The Petitioners proceeded to prove, there had been undue Preferences i for that, notwithstanding the Order, of the 16th of March, of the Directors, to postpone Payments, that there had been since that time paid to several People, by Dykes, the Company’s Cashier, the Sum of £. 2,674. 10/. as appeared by an Account, given in by Dykes, lettered K.

Mr. Worfdale, one of the Clerks of the Company, said, that some Payments had been made to clamorous People, by verbal Orders from the Directors; and the Remainder was paid to Directors, their Favourites, and Relations.

Mr. Dykes, Cashier, said, that in pursuance of an Order, he had had from Sir Humphry Mackxvorth, to take Sheeres' Directions, he had consulted the said Sheres, and had had his Advice for all his Payments since the Order to postponed Specie Bills, except in paying £.800 to Mrs. Cotton, for which he had Directions from the Committee of Management on the 26th Day of March, 1708: That the Directors signed his Accounts, wherein there appeared such Preferences, as are complained of; and he thought, that such signing was an Instance of their Approbation.

Mr. Collins, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Fenwick, Directors, said, that they only cast up the Books: That they were told, some Payments had been made upon Clamour; and, as such, admitted them.

Mr. Sheres, being ask’d, by whose Orders £. 800 was . paid to Mrs. Cotton, produced Two Minutes otthe Court of Management; one made the 12th Day of March, 170J, by which it was directed, that the Bullion, belonging to the Company, should be deposited in Mrs. Cotton’% Hands, as Security for £. 800 with Interest at £. 6 per Cent, the other Minute made a Fortnight after, (Sir Humphry Mackworth and Sir Thomas Mackworth present,) whereby it is ordered, that Leave be alkt ot Mrs. Cotton, for to coin, at the Tower, the Bullion in her Possession; and that (he should be at liberty to deduct thereout the £. 800.

p Ann.

Mr. Shtres, being examined, if this £. 806 was really belonging to Mrs. Cc//OT, owned with some Difficulty, that the Money was belonging to himself; and that the Bullion was an additional Security for the Value of £.Soo which he had in the Company’s Specie Bills.

And it appeared to the Committee, by the Cash Books, that the Specie Bills for /.800 were paid; which Mr. Shares owned to be true.

It appearing to the Committee also, by the Account laid before them, that Sir Ja ,a Director, had been paid £. 700 for the Company’s postponed Bills;

Sir James Hallet said, he had agreed with Sir Humphry Mackworthto pay £.1,327 for a Navy Bill, that had been Mr. Thynn’s, as has been before mentioned: That, according to his Agreement, he had been allowed to make a Payment of £. 700 in Specie Bills; and that he paid the rest in Money.

The Committee, having observed, upon several Occasions, that Dykes and Shteres had grofly prevaricated, and given very indirect Answers, enquired, whether the Servants of the Company did not take an Oath of Secrecy.

Mr. Morifon said, that he was present at the Company’s House, at a Court held there, when Sir Humphry Mackworthy for his Justification upon a Point then in DHpute, ordered the Secretary and Cashier to be called up, and told the Court, that he hoped, they would believe them, for that they were upon their Oaths; Which Sheerer and Dykes did then own.

A Book was produced to the Committee, intituled,

A familiar Dialogue concerning the Mine Adventu-41 rerswhich Book was owned by Sheerer to be writ by Sir Humphry Mackworthy though printed under the said Sheerer' Name; wherein it is declared, that the chief Officers were sworn.

Mr. Blechinden said, that, after the Company postponed the P.ivment of their Bills, he allied Sir Mackworthy V by he had drawn Id many of his Friends into the Mine Adventure, when he knew the Company’s Circui’istances were Id bad ? That Sir Humphry heorth replied, that the so doing had given him some Scruples of Confidence; and that thereupon he had con-fulted a learned Divine, whoaiTurcd him» that, since he bad taken an Oath, for to use his Endeavours for sup-

sorting and serving the Company, that it was lawful for im to engage his Friends; and that, upon that Occasion,

Sir Humphry Mackworth told him, that the Company’s Servants were sworn.

Dykes at first denied, he had taken any Oath; but after further Examination confected, that, though he was not actually sworn upon any Book, he had been obliged by Sir Humphry Mackworth (no orher Person being present) to make a solemn Protestation, which he took be as facned as an Oath; and which was dictated to him by Sir Humphry Mackworth, and to this F.ffedt:

" That he would truly discharge his Office, and keep the Secrets of the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Company, as became him, as an Officer.’’ He added, that he heard, SJietes was also under a Promile;

Mr. Sheres, being examined, and confronted with Mr. Morifon, absolutely denied, that he had taken any Oath; but, at the fitting of the Committee the Day after, con-fefied, that he had been sworn by Sir Humphry -worthy who had dilated the Oath; and could not tell» whether any other Person was present, nor where it had been administered; but, that it was not in a Court of Directors.

The Committee examined Dykes,-the Cashier to the Company, to whom, and by whole Order, he paid the 10,776. 5-t* which remained Cash in his Hands the 16th March, 1707, when the Company postponed, or

stopt Payment of, their Specie Bills: He answered, that, though Specie Bills were postponed, the Company allowed the Payment of Cadi Notes for some time, after that £. 3 perCent.had been paid to such, as had changed their Annuities into Shares; and confessed to the Com-Vot. 16.

365

mittee, that, though he had informed the Committee, that Mine he had £. 6,140 in Money, besides several Notes, that That Adventure was not really the Fact; for that he had, instead of the Co^P3®/* aforesaid Money, a Note of Sir Humphry Mackworth'*, for £. 1,600, and that he had also a Note from Mr.

a Director, for £. a00, and another from Mr. an

Agent of the Company, with several other Notes, payable to the Bearer; and that he had, amongst the other Part of his Cash, he had mentioned to be in Notes, Receipts from Mr. Peck to Sir Humphry Mackworth, and Mr. Sheerer, for Specie Bills, to the Value of 3,700.

That he had an Order from Sir Humphry Mackzuorik to receive from Sheerer Peck's accountable Notes, and to keep them in his Chest, as Call); which accordingly he did, without the Privity of the Directors: That at the time the Order was made, for postponing of Payment of the Company’s Specie Bills, Mr. She brought him from Sir Humphry Mackioorth, at once, Cash Notes to the Value of about £ .5,800. That thcle Notes were answered by Mr. Peck’s Receipts, who was then in Credit, by Mr.

Gardiner's Notes, and such Sums, as Sir Muck-

worth was Debtor to Cash.

And being asked, how Sir Humphry Mncktvorth came to be Debtor to the Cash; replied, he was Cashier for Sir Humphry Mackworth, as well as for the Company; and chat lie had several times lent Sir Humphry the Money of ti e C mpany.

M r. Dykes, being further asked, whether he had err-tered ar <<.,re in his Books the aforesaid Cash Notes, replied. that. Hy Mr. Shares' Order, he had entered them in difflr tv I) vs, and as paid to several People; and the Reali n t >r it v. »s, that otherwise it would have appeared odd.

Mr Sot res owned, he did bring to Dykes, from Sir Humph y M ukworth, the aforesaid Cash Note*, to the

Valueit c,or £.6,000, and that be received, in liea of their VJr Peck’s accountable, and other promissory,

N'te*. v i( h balanced the Account between SisHumpbiy '

Mach ‘h and Dykes, Sheerer further owned, that hd adviir J'ykes to enter in his Accounts the aforesaid Cash ores, under different Dates: And being ask’d the Re'ireplied, that it was with the Intent, they might pafi me better with the Directors. He added, that be-'mi Humphry Mackworth, and himself, Mr. Breton, a I in'-‘tor, knew, that Peck's Receipts were reckoned as C-.ih; but did not inlist it was so, when Mr dc aci it.

Ti.e Directors, attending the Committee, beingalk’d, whether thoV, that signed the Cash Books every Night, did not iupedl the Cash Chest, to lee, whether the Balance was real y in Money;

Sir James Hallet, Mr. Jackftn, Mr. Gardiner, Mr.

Brotnfeild, and Mr. Harr if on, replied, that they only signed the Balance of the Account, but never saw tbd Cash, and they only examined the Books,' as Checks to the Accounts.

Mr. Broton laid, he had sometimes seen the Cash, arid found it right.

The Petitioners proceeded, for to prove, that deceit- fol Means had been used, to prevent the Creditors fronti recovering, by due Course of Law, their just Debts: I Order to which,

Mr. PockHngton was called; who said, that He1 beiilg Attorney at Law, and employed by Mrs. Lucas to fud the Company in the Court of Exchequer, for refusing to pay one Of their sealed Bills; and that the Bill being made according to the Custom of the Company, made payable lo Mr. Thomas Dykes, their Cashier, and ehdorsed by him; he was obliged to bring Mrs. Lucas's Action in the Namd Of the said Thomas Dykes.

That, after the utmost Delay, in Trinity Term, in the Year 1709, the Company pleaded, in Bar of the Action, a general Release of the said Thomas Dykes, of all Actions,

Suits, Bills, Bonds, and Demands, Whatsoever.

Mr; Pocklington added, that he took the Plea to be fidUtious, not thinking it probable, that such a Release

4 Z was

if Martin

13° Martii, . 1709.

Mu*

Adv«ntare

oroptoj.

was actually executed, which would bar the Creditors from recovering, by due Course of Law, such great Sums, as had been lent the Company.

That he therefore joined Issue, and went to Trial; but the due Execution of the Release being proved by the said Dykes, to the great Surprize of the Court, his Client was call, and the Court acquainted the Plaintiff, that there was no Relief to be had against such Release, but in Chancery.

As a further Proof of this Fast, the Record, and Verdict, was read to the Committee.

Dykes, being examined as to the executing such Release, said, that he did it with Reluctancy, upon Mr. Sheeres, the Secretary’s, Advice, and Directions; who brought him the Draught of the Release, to copy, and execute: That Sheeres told him, he should be indemnified; and that there was no other way, but that, to prevent the Company’s Stock, being all spent in Law, and the Mines being seized by the Creditors.

Mr. Wishaw, Attorney for the Company, being examined, said, that Mrs. Lucas having brought her Action in the Name of ‘Thomas Dykes against the Company, he acquainted Sir Humphry Mackworth at his own Chamber, Mr. Sheeres being present, that it was necessary to plead to Mrs. Lucas's Action the next Term, which was in the Year r 709: That thereupon there was iome Discourse of preventing Preference, if it could be avoided; and that Dykes executing a general Release was mentioned, as a proper Expedient: That he, the said Wyjhaw, objected, that it would raise Clamour; but, in pursuance of the Discourse at that time, he sent to Mr. a blank Release; and that soon after a general Release was returned him, executed by Thomas Dykes, and that he pleaded it in Bar of Mrs. Lucas's Action; but, disliking the manner of proceeding, within these few Days he cancelled the Release of his own Accord.

Mr. Sheres, after many gross Prevarications, and taking up much of the Committee’s Time, confessed, that he was present at the Discourse between Mr. Wishaw and Sir Humphry Mackworth about pleading to Mrs. Lucas’s Action: That the Discourse, that passed at that Time, he thought was sufficient Direction to him, to fill up the Blank in the Release, sent him by Mr. Wishaw, which he gave to Dykes, for to copy, and execute; and that, to lave Dykes, from Ruin, he obtained afterwards an Order from the Court of Directors, for indemnifying of him: Which Order of the 22d June, 1707, —

Present,

Sir Hum. Mackworth, Sir Tho. Mackworth, Mr. Freeman Collins, Mr. Wm. Gardiner, Mr. Hen. Buck, Mr. Bromjeild, Mr. Harrison

And being read;

It appeared to the Committee, that the said Order was subsequent to the Date of the Release, and was not for to indemnify Dykes, for having granted a general Release, but was only to make good the Damage he should fuffcr by Mrs. Lucas’s Action.

The Committee therefore examined the Directors, said to be present at the said Court, whether, at the Time of making the said Order, they had heard of a general Release.

Mr. Collins said, that he had never heard of any Order given by any Court of Directors, for Dykes giving any general Release to the Company: That a Release was once talked of, which he understood to concern only Mrs. Lucas's Suit; and that, since the Order, that was to be made, was to indemnify their Cashier against Mrs. Lucas only, he thought Dykes' Release extended no further, than her Action.

Mr. Buck, another Director, laid, that he had been a Director but for One Year; and, though he might be present the Day, when such Order of Indemnity appears to be entered in the Minutes, he knew nothing thereof; for it was a customary Usage for the Secretary to bring the Minutes ready prepared to the Court, and in the Hurry of Buiioels it often happened, that the Minutes were notread

over, by which means it Was in the Secretary’s Power to impose what Minutes he thought fit.upon the Court of Directors: He does remember, there was Come Discourse about a Release, that had been given upon Mrs. Lucas’s Action, but apprehended it to extend to her same only.

Sir James Hal/et, another Director, said, that he never

heard any thing of the Release, till Mrs. Lucas's Trial with the Company.

Mr. Edward Bromfield said that he knew nothing of the said Release; nor was present, when the Order of Indemnity was made, being at that Time out of Town; and observing, his Name to be made present at several Courts of Directors, when he was not there, he complained of that Usage to Sheres, the Secretary, who told him, it signified nothing.

The Petitioners observed, that, as there was indirect Practices used, to prevent the Creditors recovering their Debts at Common Law, Artifices had been also tried, to make it very difficult for them to have Relief in Equity.

To prove which,

Mr. Tho. Morrijon, Attorney at Law, said, that one Mr. Wilkins sent the Company £.300, and took their Specie Bills for the fame, which happened to be Two or Three Days before a Stop was made to the Payment of such Bills; and afterwards, going to demand his Money, and being refused Payment thereof, the said Wilkins, ordered Morrijon to fife a Bill in Chancery against the said Company, for Recovery of the fame, and obtained a Decree accordingly; but, pending the Cause, to his great Surprize, he found, that the Company bad filed in the said Court a Bill, in the Name of some of the Creditors, but without their Privity, wherein Mr. Wilkins, and the Company, were made Defendants, and wherein was fug-gefted a Combination and Confederacy between Mr. Wilkins (his Client) and the Company; and set forth a Deed, whereby the Company had conveyed all their Estate, Goods, and Effects, for the Benefit of the Creditors; and, to prevent any Preference, prayed, that Mr. Wilkins might not have Execution of the Decree. '

Part of the aforesaid Bill in Chancery was read: And it appeared, that Mr. Barker and Mr. Thomas Gray, Creditors, were Plaintiffs, together with several Persons, that were or had been Directors, but mentioned in the Bill as Creditors only.

Mr. Barker said, that his Name was made use of without his Consent or Knowlege.

Mr. Gray said, that Mr. Sheres asked him one Day, as he was passing by, whether the Company should make use of his Name ? That he did not refuse it, but did not esquire for what.

Mr. Wyjhaw, who had exhibited such Bill, being examined thereunto, said that the Draught of such Bill was brought to him by Mr. Sheres, the Secretary, with Orders to exhibit the same against the said Company, and Mr. Wilkins.

Mr. Sheres, being examined, owned, that he had received a Draught of the said Bill from Sir Humphrf Mackworth, which, by his Order, he, carried to Mr* Wyjhaw.

Mr. Wyjhaw laid before the Committee, by Order, the said Deed-poll, dated 15th February 1708, mentioned, and referred to, in the said Bill in Chancery, as also the Deed of Assignment and Confirmation to the Creditors, executed in pursuance of such Deed-poll, dated i° Febr, 1109; wherein it appeared, that the Company had granted the Mines and Stock of the Company in Trustees, fos 99 Years, for such Purposes, as should We declared by the major Part of the Creditors in Number and Value $ and in the mean time, till such Declaration shall be made, the said Trustees shall permit and suffer the chief Creditors, therein named, to manage, for the common Good.

The Petitioners, in order to prove, that the Trustees, and Managers, appointed by the said Deed, were so appointed without their Consent; and that the said Deals were not made at their Desire, or for their Benefit, but

only

9 Ann. . 13° Martii. 367

only a Contrivance, to defeat such Creditors, as should *f principally concerned, we shall yet, with the Blessing Mine

feck Relief in Equity; called " of God, and your Endeavours, make this a great compand

Mr. Sterne; who said, that he was present at a general flourishing Company. — A Miscarriage will make

Court of the Company, held the First Day of February, another Pitkin’s Cafe, and may affect us more, tlia/i

1709; and that he produced a Letter of Attorney in " barely our Lodes in the Mines, byfomeugly Petition

Court, authorizing him toad for Mr. Richard Sterne, of " in P ----- 1; which I hope we shall prevent by your

York, who has great Interest in the Mines: That he at " Care and Diligence below, which shall not be wanting the said Court, when the said Deed was proposed, ob- " above."

jeded, that the same was made without the Desire, Con- Then the Petition of several of the Creditors by Bonds, sent, or Knowlege, of the Creditors; but was answered Bills, and Specie Notes, of the Company of the Mine by Sir Humphry Mackworth, that, if the Alignment was Adventurers, was read.

not made, Mr. Wilkins would get Possession of the Mines The Petitioners alleged, that all the Allegations of their

in a Week. Petitions, excepting one, were proved by the former Pe-

Mr. Humpkrys, a Creditor, present at the executing the titioners j and, as to that one Allegation, they called

said Deed, said, that he infilled, that the Creditors should Mr. Humphrys; who said, that several Sums of Mo-be con lulled, before such a Deed was made to them; and ney was received by , the Cashier, some time after that at lead, in the naming the Trustees their Direction the Company had refused paying their Specie Bills, some should be taken: That he objected against those appoint- of which Money was given to Charitable Uses: And pro-ed by the Company, viz. Mr. Sekale, and Mr. Wyshaw; duced several of the Company’s Bills, dated after the the fird in the Service, and the other Attorney for the 17th Day of , 1707, when the Order of the Court Company: That he also objected to the Managers ap- of Directors was made, for postponing the Payment of pointed, Eleven of which were either then, or had been. Specie Bills.

Directors; and that he heard Sir Humphry Mackworth Mr. Tranter said, that £. 250 of the Charity Money, say, that the consulting of the Creditors would make the belonging to St. Sepulchres Parish, in , was lent

Design publick, and prejudice the Service. to the Company; and that the lust 50 thereof was

Mr. Partington, a Creditor, laid, that he knew nothing paid, and received by , the Cashier, after the Stop of the said Deed, till he few it in Print. had been ordered to be made upon the Specie Bills by

Mr. Sheers, being examined, said, that the Deed was read the Court of Directors,

at a general Court, and ordered to be ingrossed; but doth Mr. Dykes, the Cashier, owned the Receipts, not only not know, that the principal Creditors were consulted. of the £.50 but all other Monies, as was tendered to him,

Mr. Wilkins, nod Sir Richard How (a Member of this after the Stops, lo made by the Company; and that he House) said, they were appointed Managers without their gave out for the same their Specie Bills, without inform-Consent. ing such Persons, as brought Money, that Payment upon

Mr. Blechendon, by Order of the Lord Weymouth, Mr. such Bills was stopt as aforesaid.

Chamberlain, by Order of the Lord Bishop of Lincoln, That he received such Monies by the Directions of and Mr. Stern, by Order of Mr. Richard Stern, declared Mr.; who told him. he mud lo do, because the

the fame. Company was in a sinking Condition; but that he mud

Mr. Wishaw, Attorney for the Company, said. that he keep that a Secret, believed, the Creditors knew nothing of the said Deed: Then the Petition of several Creditors of the Gover-

That the Draught was given him, and corrected by Sir nor and Company of the Mine Adventurers, by Bonds,

Humphry Mackworth, who had inserted the Lid 01 the Bills, and Cush Notes, was read.

Names of the Managers with his own Hand. Mr. , Attorney for the Company, and for

That they diicourfing on that Lid, Sir Humphry thele Petitioners, said, he had Authority from them to

Mackworth told them, " We shall be able to make a acquaint the Committee, they did not desire to be heard

" Majority upon thembut bid him say nothing of it. upon their said Petition; and offered no Evidence, to

That he, the said Wyshaw, by that Expression under- prove any one Allegation thereof,

flood was meant, that Sir Hum. Mackzoorth, had left The Committee observed, the said Petition was signed Friends enough in his Lid, for to out-vote his by several Directors, Clerks, and other Officers of the Enemies. Company, in the Name of Creditors, and by some of

The Evidence, which the Petitioners further pro- the Persons, mentioned in this Report to be privy to duced, were the following Passages in the Letter, marked, the cancelling the Two Subscription Deeds, therein let E, dated Ja.tuarii, 1706; which Mr. Waller said, he forth.

had received from Sir Humphry Mackworth, and which Ordered, That the Chairman do report to the House Mr. IViJJtaw and Mr. Shores proved to be Sir Humphry the Proceedings of this Committee, so far as they have

Mackworth's Hand: gone, to this 6th Day of March indant.

" I hope, with a joint Concurrence with all, who are

A. EXTRACT from the Company of Mine Adventurers Stock Leiger Book, of such Sums of Money, or

Effects, as have been received for the Company’s Use; viz.

Part of the £. 125,000 original Stock, designed, by the Settlement, for working the Mines - 20,000 —

Shares sold to the Company’s Use ----- - 9,830 6 9

Shares Ditto ----- 6,446 — —

Ing raft me nt Shares - -- -- 9,92 7 9 — ,

Ditto, 47 Shares - - - 844 — 11;

153 Shares transferred to Sir Thomas Mackworth, valued at £.20 per Share in the Leiger,? , __

Fol. 122. - -- -....

On Pigott's Account - -- -- ^00 — — -

Lead at Mines, belonging to the old Company, valued at - 608 8 11

Ditto - -- -- - - 2,000-

Slag Lead ----- ----- - 300 — — 1

Oar raised by the Company ----- 21,006 18 6

Copper Oar -.- - - - - 118194

Mr. Oldberry, Debtor to the old Partners - - 566 1 £i

Intered to Bank Bills - -- -- 1,200 — 2

£ 76,408 s — I1

Vo l. 16; Journal

Brine

Adventure

CojBftny

13° Martiu

Journal B, Page 348, 349.

B. Charges in procuring Money.

A. 1709,

Paid Sir Janus Halktt Discount of £. r,doo - -'

Paid Ditto, for Discouot of a Navy Bill of £. 1,400 — -

Paid Thomas Sheppard, for continuing his Cash in the Office -

Paid the Officers F-xpences, with the Butchers ——

Paid J. Skeate, as a Gratuity for circulating the Company’s Cash Notes, ids. and Expences

Paid J. Nukol, for Circulation ——

Paid for Difceunts, and Losses, in bringing Money info the Office on emergent Occasions Paid William Gardiner his Expences*and Gratuity, fot Two Years circulating the Company’s Bills,? and Notes ----- - -i

Paid a Messenger to Sir Humph. Mackworth in Wales, on an extraordinary Occasion -

Prefeat to Thomas Pitts, Esquire, his Clerk, when borrowed £. 800 of him, and paid Coach-hire,

Paid Sir George Newland for his Advice on feme Deeds in* order to raise Money -

Paid for Carriage of Bullion ——

Loft by bad Money ——

Pramio on £. 40,400 on the Subscription Deed, Anno 1706, at *

Prmmso on £.40,000 on the Subscription Deed, Amo 1707, particularly set down in an Account drawn out, and produced by Mr. Horn, and taken out of the Leiger, A. B:

Pramio - - - -- -- 800}

Prompt Payment - - - uo$

Vide Mr. Horns Account of Subscription, N*

L s. i.

21 to — <-

61 4

10 — —

3 10 6

100 — — -

3 4 <5

T 18 8 5

180 — —

13 4 6

I 7 4

2 3 —

3 14

I r9 3

521 S ft

912 —

£ M 33S 8

K. As ACCOUNT of Payments made by the Cashier of the Company of Mine Adventurers, of Specie Bills, and Bonds, of the said Company, since the 4th of , 1707-8.

By whose Older paid.

1707,

March 24.

26.

27.

April 3.

9«

8.

12.

*3-

20.

May

3°-

liu

Paid John Bowden -

Paid Sir James Hallet, on Account of a. Navy Bill -Paid Elizabeth Bathvbell -

Paid Samuel Stanley - -

Paid John Appleby - -

Paid EUz. Atcherley ——

Paid Margaret Brothertmo -

Paid Richard Hemming -

Paid. Andrew Vyft - -

Paid John Duckett, Esquire -Paid Thtmas Horn, on Account of his Salary -Paid John Duckett, Esquire -

Paid Daniel Tombes -

Paid Jfdtn Swayn -

Paid John Burgh -

Paid Francis Gotten, on Account of Specie Bills Paid James Utinpworth a Bill taken out by William Hawley, for £. 50, the said I/lingsworth being indebted to the Company in the- Sum of £.50, and would pay in no other Coin

3

5

1

3

2

0

1

1

1

2 1 1 1 1 8

33

ICO —

700 —

5° —

TS° ~ 200 —

TOO —

IOO — -

50 —

IOO — 12. IO

37 — 25 —

5° ~~ 5°

ioo — CBy Order of 800 t — \Court, dated

A27th,

S° "" 1707*

2,674 10

Nottj MarjiWnrd was paid Six Specie Billsj Apr. 3d, 1708, and satisfied by Mr. Edward BromJte/d,.\u Truffc for her, by Bonds, taken out for Eight hundred Pounds the same Day.

Thomas Dykes.

AndaHb; a Petition of Sir Humphry (which

hkd been prefen ted to the House) was again read".

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Belief of the Creditors, and Proprietors, of tRe Cooii-plrty of Mine Adventurers of and that the

Management of the Mines be put in the Hands of Trustees; and that Sir Richard HoW Mr. , Mf.

Mr. Aljldby+.Mr. Gwyn, and Mr. do prepare,

arid bring hr, the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Humphry Mackworth may have a Copy of the said Report, if htf think fit.

Ordered, That Sir Humphry Mackworth be Heard by hhnself, and1 Couitfel, if"he thfhk fit, at the Bar of this House, upoi Monday Morning next, as t<5 such Matters of the said'Report; as orfly coricern ttimself

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be also then heard jby their Cottnfel, if they think fit.

Ordered, Ttart focte Books, Writings, and Papers, as

have been brought to the said Committee, be in tho Custody of the Clerk of this House, until further Order* but subject to be inspected by the said Sir Hum. Mackworth, or his Agents, or any other Parties concerned.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable certain Trustees to raise Part of the Portions* designed for the younger Child ren of Clifton , Esquire, deceased; and Penelope, his Wife, by their Marriage Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the BilLbe read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill to regulate all select Vestries Within the weekly Bills of Mottality, be rtad a Second time upon Friday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vetting the Estate and Effects of John

Coggs

Pack*.

Estate,

Select

Vestries

DebU-

9 Ann. 130 — 14" Martii. 369

Coggsand John Dann, Goldsmiths, and Co-partners, in Trustees, for the specdier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Morning next.

Southwell's Ordered, That Sir Walter Mr. , Mr.

Efots. Curfon, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Hem, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Bere, Mr. Owen, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Langharne, Mr. Foley, Mr. Medlicot, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Lord Mr.

Winflanly, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Bruce, Sir

Edward Laurence, Mr. Griffith, Sir Mr.

Bridges, Mr. Blatbwayte, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make several Trulls in the Marriage Settlement of Edward Southwell, Esquire, and the Lady Eliz. his late Wife, more effectual to answer the Intent of them, and to explain several Powers therein, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Alar t is y 14.0 die Martii;

Anno 9* Ann* Regin*, 1709.

P* ATI R S.

Tremsyas’s A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fctUu. x\ to enable Trustees to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Arthur Tremayne, Esquire, an Infant, during his Minority, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bigg'* An ing'ofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Ettaw. to enable Trullees to recover the personal Estates of Willi,m; Bgg, and Isabell Bigg, now veiled in John Bigg, a Lunatiilc, their Son and Heir, and Executor of his Father, for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, was read a Second time.

Reflv.d, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Carr, Mr. Brewer, Mr Ferrier, Sir John M 1 daunt, Mr. Prifc, Mr. Bacon, Sir Richard Farrington,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Archer, Mr. Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Wort ley. Colonel More ton, Mr. Gibbons, Sir Richard How, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Dun combe, Sir Tho.’Johufo':, Sit John Aubrey, Mr. Norris, Mr. Nevill, Colonel Lloyd, Mr. Mr. Sir

Ajburfl, Mr. Shocker ley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Duckminique, Mr. Hacks; and all that serve for the Counties of York and Lancaster, and also lor the Four Northern Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Symon Harcourt have Leave to go

Absence. into the Country for three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Hackett’a Ordered, That the Bill to enable Hackett, Esquire, Estate. to call to an Account the Persons, who by Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Kingdom of Ireland, are appointed Trustees of the Estate of Sir Thomas Hackett, his Father, and to vefl the Surplus of his said late Father's Estate in him, be read a Second time upon next, at Twelve a Clock.

Insolveat Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of insolvent

Debtors. Debtors, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Punishing Resolved, That the House will immediately resolve itself

DesertionT* *nto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Walpole took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 16.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, Laws relating to whom the Bill for making the Laws, for repairing the toH'ghway*. Highways, more effectua), is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for supplyingfome Defetts in an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of Learning, Copy Right by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors, of Book*, or Purchasers, of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 3. L.* to leave out ‘‘refused," and, instead thereof, to insert " refusing."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors, or Purchasers, of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of several Fishermen within the Hundred of Thames Middleton, alias Milton, in the County of Kent, on behalf Finery, of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Fishery within the Manor of Middleton is regulated by the Lord of the Manor there, and Offenders punished; and are informed, there is a Bill depending, for the better Preservation, and Improvement, of the Fishery in the River Thames, and for the Regulation and Government of the Company of Fishermen in the said River; which Bill tends to deprive the Petitioners of the Benefit of bringing their Fish to Market, unless they become of the Company of the said Fishermen of London, and subject to their Rules and Orders: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Sir Humphry Mackworth was presented Sir H. to the House, and read; letting forth, that Mwkworti*

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be _ 1

referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Weld have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Hooper have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and the rest of the Afliiz* of Company or Society of Bakers, incorporated within the Bread. Borough of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill to regulate the Price and Assize or Bread (if passed into an Act) wherein there arc several Clauses destructive to the Trade of all Bakers, will more particularly affect the Petitioners: And praying, to be heard by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom

5 A the

Assize of Bread.

Seven-oak e» Roads.

Earl of

Weymifs'

Estate.

Supply Bill; Duties on Candles.

Ed i (lone Light-house.

Leverpoole

Dock.

370 140 — 160 Martii. . 1709.

the Bill to regulate the Price and Assize of Btead, is committed.

A Petition of several Bakers in and about the Town of Cambridge was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by several Clauses in the Bill, now depending, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, the Petitioners will be greatly aggrieved: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against the said Clauses in the find Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, is committed.

A Petition of the Company of Bakers of the Town of Shrewflmry, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that they have many important Reasons to offer to the House against the Bill, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the said Committee of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Company and Fellowship of Bakers, incorporated within the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that in the Bill to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, there arc several Clauses (if passed into a Law) will be destructive to the Bakers Trade, and more particularly to this City: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways, leading from Seven-oakes to Woodgate and Tonbridge , in the County of Kent, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm Articles of Partition, made between the Earl and Countess of Weymifs, of the one Part, and Ann Robinson, Spinster, of the other Part, of their Estates in the Counties of Oxon, Northampton, and Kent, and for veiling their respective Moieties in Trustees, to be sold; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Candle*, and certain Rates upon Moneys to be given with Clerks and Apprentices, towards railing her Majesty’s Supply for the Year 1710.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farm" took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the explaining, and making more effectual, the Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better enabling the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity~house, to rebuild the Light-house on the Ediftone Rock, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making a convenient Dock, or Docks at Lfor the Security of'Ships trading to and from the said' Port of be read the Third time upon Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of the Creditors African of the Royal African Company, be read the First time Creditor*, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Retraining whom the Bill for restraining the building upon new Buildings-Foundations, in the Cities of London and , was

committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir James Long have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. AuJiin, Mr. Nicholl, Mr. Chace, Amway' Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Rose, Charitie*. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent acting Trustees under the Will of Thomas Amway, late of (Westminster, Gentleman, deceased, to deliver up to the

Governors of the Hospitals of the Green Coats and Grey Coats, in Tothillfields, all such Moneys, and Securities, as they have in their Power, under the said Charity, and to veil the real and personal Estate, belonging to the fame,-in the Governors of the said Hospitals, for the Benefit of the poor Children therein, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir (Vm. Servant* Huftler, Mr. Wild, Mr. Price, Mr. Vincent, Sir Cleave Wage*.

Moor, Sir Edward Goodyer, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating of Servants Wages, and for the better Recovery of the lame, and allb for making the Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

" An Act, containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices," more effectual, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

yovis, 16° die Martii;

Anno 9* Ann® Regiuae, 1709.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mailer, Wardens, and others. Adze of of the Society of Bakers, of the City of ,rt

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, now depending, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, containing several Clauses not practicable in these Times (should the same pass into a Law) would inevitably prove the Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Trade: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

A Petition of the Bakers of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in behalf of themselves, and others, using the same Trade rn the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; fettrng forth, that in the Bill, now depending, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, there are Clauses subjecting the Bakers to such Penalties, as they mull inevitably fall under, if the same pass into an Act: And praying, the Premises considered, no Ite-strain may be laid on the Petitioners from using their laid Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report Shall be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

’A Petition of the Bakers, inhabiting within the City of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there being a Bill now depending, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, in which are several Clauses lo severe against the Petitioners, that, in case the same should pass into a Law, it may prove the Ruin of them, and their Families: And praying to be heard.by their Counsel against the said Clauses.

Ordered,

9 Ann.

i <5" Mar tit.

371

V’r,

It Cr

Ordered, That the said Petitiion do lie upon the Table, until the Report be at?de from t^c Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

tl.:

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Balcb County for Three Weeks, font.

have Leave to go into the upon extraordinary Ocea-

ta«

<'n.i

And it is referred to Mr. Pringle, Mr. I\lr.

Bally Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Peyton, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Nichoil, Mr

rard, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Death, Mr. DairymplMr. Ward, Mr At}' nefiey, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Benson, Sir Lambt. Blackwell, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr.

Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Lawton, Mr. Manley, Mr. Sco-

bell, Mr. Shaker ley, Mr. Walpole-, and all the Qen tie-men that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Page have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Mervyn have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Privilege. The Houic being informed, that Mr. Goring had received Satisfaction in relation to the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege, committed against him by John Mathews,

Vicar of burning, in the County of Sussex;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from further proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That Mr. Wiudfor have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Complaint being made to the House, that one William Harrfon hath (cized and detains, the Horses of Sir James Campbell (a Member of this House) in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at^the and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report Table accordingly.

the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An ingrossid Bill from tire Lords, intituled, An Act Afl to enable Trustees to fell fane Fenny Lands in to confirm Articles of Part, lion, made between the Earl <h' Cou?tI" fHuUU,ldmml Caubrd^, Part of the and Counters of IVrmifi. of the one Part, and An* Ro- ffta e °< tommi, tfqmre, and to lettle other

, Spinster, of the other Part, of their Estates in -

Leave of Abfeace.

Leave of Abfeace.

Privilege.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Trustees to (ell (omc Fenny Lands in the Counties of Huntingdon and,

Part of the Estate of Anthony Hamond, Esquire, and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 8. L. 7. to leave out u Clargesand to inlert " Hamond."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon.

Hamond'f

Earl of

Wrvmifs,

Eliate.

Lands in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Manley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Leave of

Absence.

Pack'*

iltate.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Birch have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Jekyll have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Leave of Absence.

Dr. Bisse thanked.

the Counties of Oxou, Northampton, and Kent, and for

vesting their respective Moieties in Trustees, to be loid, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Colonel Whitchcot have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable certain Trustees to raise Part of the Portions, designed (or the younger Children of Clifton Pack, Esquire, A Petition of Sir and other Merchants, Lossby

deceased, and Penelope, his Wile, by their Marriage Set- Freighters, and Solomon Merret, of , Merchant, burnins

tlemenf, was read a Second time. Owner, of the Tower Frigot, was presented to the House, ShlP'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes, and read; setting forth, that the said Ship came up the Sir Richard Alien, Sir Gilbert Pickering, Mr. Peyton, Mr. River of Thames x* Apr. 1708, fully laden with Raisins,

Baton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Norris, Sir Fran. Maffam, Almonds, Wine, Oil, and other Goods from Gibraltar,

Mr. Manley, Mr. Ball, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Annejley, Mr. and on the 5th of the same Month was let on fire by John

Medlicot, Mr. Neville, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Death, Sir Smith, a Tidefman, put on board for the Security of the Henry Peachy, Sir Wm. Hujller, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Farrer, Customs, due on the said Goods: That the Petitioners,

Mr. Got/, Major Hal/ey, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Ber/y, the Freighters, are damnified, in the Cargo, to the Mr. Duncomb, Sir Robert Dovers. Sir Gilbert Dolbyn, Mr. Amount of £. 1,544. ioj. 6d. and the Owner, Solomon Gape, Sir Edward Williams; and all the Members that Merrit, has been damnified at least^. 1,014. ir. 6d. And

serve for Leicester, Bucks, Rutland, Nottingham, and praying, that a Clause may be added to the Bill for lay-

Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at ing certain Duties upon Candles, and certain Rates upon

Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Moneys to be given with Clerks and Apprentices, to im-

power the Lord High Treasurer to give the Petitioners a Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Recompence for their said Losses.

Doctor Bijfe, for the excellent good Sermon by him Ordered, That the said Petition do Jie upon the

preached before this House Yesterday at St. Margaret's Table.

A Petition of Mallory Peirfon, Alexander Gawne, - Scotch ward Westcombe, William Murry, and John John Jlori, on African (

behalf of themselves, and the late Indian and African

Scotch

Equivalent,

Westminster; and that he be desired to print the lame;

And that Mr. Annejley, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Windsor, Sir

William Whitlock, and Mr. Nicholas, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That no Person do presume to print the said Company of Scotland, was presented to the House, and Sermon, but such as Doctor Bijfe shall appoint. read; setting forth, that the said Company fitted out the

Ship Speedwell from Leigh for East India, with a suitable Ordered, That the Abstract of the several Demands (in Cargo, and other Provisions; but the said Ship perishing Money and Debentures) upon the Equivalent, of the in the Straits of Mallacca (the Cargo and Persons saved) Payments-made by the Commissioners, Debentures issued the Company fitted out the Ship; and being

out by them, the Sums remaining in their Hands, and ready in the Channel to (ail, was there seized by the Eng-the Balances red ing unpaid, to the Third of March, 1710, lish East India Company: And praying, Provision may

inclusive, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the said Abstract, and report the lime to the House, Vox. 16.

be made for their Damages thereby sustained.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon Table.

the

The

373

i 6° — 170 Martit.

A. 1709.

Hackett’*

The Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill to enable John Hackett, Esquire, to call to an Account the Persons, who by Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Kingdom of Ireland, was appointed Trustees

of the Estate of Sir Thomas ,his Father, and to

veil the Surplus of his said late Father’s Estate in him, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Huffier, Mr. Gale, Mr. Manley, Mr. Cowper, Sir

Veneris, 17* die;

Anno 9* Annas Regin*, 1709.

Pa AYERS.

A PETITION of George and Joseph Newell, late of Newelf* Lombard-street, Goldsmiths, was presented to the Debt to House, and readj setting forth, that the Petitioners were Crown>

Hams, Mr. Nicoll, Colonel Moreton, Mr. Hungerford, Sureties to her Majesty for George Dixon, late Receiver Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Norris, Lord Connings- general of and the Money, by him received,

by, Mr. Poultnay, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Wild, Mr. was returned to them by B.llsfrom Exon, to be paid into Nicholas, Mr. Oglethorp, Sir Wm. Whitlocke, Mr. Nevill, the Exchequer: That about November, 1707, the Peti- Mr. Denton, Mr. Moor, Mr. Peyton, Sir Lambert Black-tlc!s being required to make immediate Payment of well, Mr. Benton; and all the Gentlemen of the long all Monies, returned to them, as aforesaid, they only de-Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fiv'e a _rc<^a ^ew Days time to pay the same, but, instead of that

CnBof the House.

African

Trade.

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Trade to Africa, is committed, that they have Power to

receive a Clause, or Clauses, to provide for the instructing f , n,

i?hVSsSo"e "ro> in ,he Know,e6e of ,hc &&JSX3Z

Then the House

Indulgence, were seized by virtue of an Extent, and committed Prisoners to Newgate: That they are willing to conform to whatsoever shall be required of them: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord Treasurer to enlarge the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, shall be read a Second time.

French

Protestants

Estatei.

resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Wm. Powlett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Wm. Powlett reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill,

Ordered, That Mr. Manaton have Leave to go into the

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Subjects of the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. French King, residing in his Dominions, from claiming or enjoying, any Estates of their Relations, dying in her

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners long and miserable Confinement, without Gain to their Creditors, oblige them humbly to crave the Commiseration of this House, in regard they are willing to part with all their Substance for their Enlargement: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, shall be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Letchmere have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Majesty’s Dominions, be Saturday Morning next.

read a Second time upon

Kenaett

Navigation.

Cogg*’

Debt,.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, was committed, be taken into — -

Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths, and Co-partners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Insolvent

Debtor*.

Punirtiing Mutiny and D.fertion.

Leverpoole

Dock.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

ceived Tomorrow Morning,

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making a convenient Dock or Docks at Leverpoole, for the Security of Ships trading to and from the said Port of be

read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next.

Tallowchandlers: And praying Relief in the Premises. Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Debtor*

Petition.

Leave of Absenca.

A Petition of William Paterson, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, notwithstanding the special Direction in the Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money, the Petitioner hath not hitherto been able toobtain Satisfaction of his Claim on the African and Indian Company in Scotland out of the said Equivalent Money: That in the mean m tnc county 01 nerjes, waS , the State> or Abstract, of the same Equivalent,

Consideration upon Tuesday^ the House> the Sums of ready Money, out of

which the Petitioner ought to be paid, appear to be almost wholly exhausted, or paid to other Uses: And praying, his same may be taken into Consideration, and be relieved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Abstract is referred.

Paterson'*

Claim*.

A Petition of the Tallowchandlers of the several Towns of Leeds and Wakefeild, in the West Riding

of the County of York, in behalf of themselves, and several other Tallowchandlers within the said Riding, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the the Bill, now depending, for laying an Imposition upon whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny all such Candles, as shall be exposed to Sale, and not and Desertion, and false Mutters, and for the better Pay- upon Candles made in private Houses, there will be En-ment of the Army, and Quarters, was committed, be re- couragement given to private Families to make their own ’ " ’' Candles, whereby the Sum, proposed to raise, will fall

short, but will tend to the Detriment of the Trade of

Duties oo Candle*.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Act to make several Trusts in the Marriage Settlements of Morning, Nine a Clock. Edward Southwell, Esquire, and the Lady Elizabeth, his

23 late

Southall’*

Eftatt.

9 Ann.

i 7° Martii.

late Wife, more effectual to answer the Intent of them, and to explain several Powers therein, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the Comnuttec had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s 'fable; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon ihe Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 7 and 8. After " laid" insert " and;"

and after " Southwell" leave out "died on the 30th Day " of June lall," and inlert " are since deadand alter " whereas" insert " Vere Essex, Earl of Arglas, Father of the said Lady Elizabeth, did owe to William " Gentleman, by Bond, the Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, which remains still unpaid, and."

L. 11. After the Word "but" inlert " some

" of."

Pr. c. L. 3. After "Southwell" leave out the Word " elde'U."

L. 7 and 8. Leave out " and Robert Southwell " his Two Sons,’’ and inlert, inllead thereof, " his Son and leave out "Children," and insert "Child."

L. 9. Leave out the Word " of," and inf rt

by."

L. 37. Leave out "inferred or."

Pr. 6. L. 31. Alter " paiJ" insert " md then to pay the said Sum of £. 250 to the said IV:1.1am Milward,

" or his Assigns, with all Intered already paid by the " said Edward Southwell, or which fiull accrue due for " the lame, until Pavnient."

L. 16. After "purchased" inlert in

" land1"

L. 36. After " Ihe" leave out Trulls, " Powers, and Authorities, hereby in them veiled, " shall be fully executed," and insert "several Sums of " Money, hereby intended to be paid, with Intered, as " afeftefrid, shall be fully satisfied and paid."

Pr. 12. L. 7. After " Debts " insert " and Intered " thereof."

L. 34. Leave out " and Robert Southwell his w Two Sons," and insert "his Son."

Pr. 14. L. to Leave out "as a," and inlert "for the Payment of £. 500 per Annum for her."

L. 16 and 17. Leave out " the said."

L. 21. After "or" insert "any Edate, Right, " Title, or Intered."

Pr. 18. L. 7. Leave out "and Robert Southwell his " Two Sons," and insert "his Son," and after "Heirs" insert "and the Lid Sir Richard Cox, Nicholas Price,

" Arthur Brownlcwe, Francis , and Stephen Lud-

" low, or any of them, their, or any of their. Heirs,

Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall not in any " respect be charged with, or subject to, any Action of " Covenant, or to any Damage for Non-performance of " any of the Conditions, Covenants, and Agreements,

" that shall be inserted in such Conveyances, or any of " them."

L. 40. After " Act " add " shall be taken and " allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity, as well in " Irenmd, as in this Kingdom, as a publick Act>; and all " Judges and Justices are hereby required to take notice " thereof as such, without pleading the same; and."

Pr. Jail, L. 4. Leave out "hereof," and inlert " thereof."

Southwell's

Eftau.

Pr 7. L. 7. Leave out " Trustee*." and inlert " Edward Scut hive!/, and the rc ft of the Trudies, or the

" Survivors or Survivor of them, anJ ins Heirs."

L. 8. After "be" insert "by the said Court " of Chancery."

L. 27. After "adinitteJ" insert " by the said " Court of Chancery."

L. 38. Alter "and" leave out "with such " further Intered, as the several Creditors, who have received their said Debts or Securities from him, would " have been entitled to, if their laid Debts had dill " remained due to them," and, indead thereof, insert " Intered for the fame, until Payment."

Pr. 8. L. 3. Before the Word "red" leave out " laid;" and after "Trudees" insert "or any Three " of them."

L. it. Leave out "where Intered is payable."

L. 20. After "that" inlert "after Payment " of all the said Debts and Sums of Money, and Intered thereof, as aforesaid."

L. 34. Alter "shall" insert "after Payment " of all the said Debts and Sums of Money, and Intered *' thereof, as aforesaid."

Pr. 9. L. 19 and 20. After "Debts" leave out "of " the said Lady Elizabeth Southwell" and insert "and " Sums of Money, and Intered thereof"

L. 24. After "lame" inlert "on or before " the 25th Day of March, 1713."

L. 26. After " fame" insert "within the time " limited, as aforesaid."

Pr. 10. L. 37. Leave out the Word "elded;" and after " Son " insert " and Heir."

L. 40. After " Issue" leave out "by the said " Robert Southwell, Son of the Lady Elizabeth Southwell " by the said Edward Southwell, and the Heirs Male of " his Body, and for Default of such Issue."

Pr. 11. L. 5. Leave out " such time, as all the Trustees " Powers and Authorities, hereby veded in the said " Trustees, shall be executed and performed," and insert " Payment of the said Debts and Sums of Money,

" and Intered thereof, as aforesaid."

Vol, It).

Mr. MeJ’ycot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the present adfing Trustees under the Will of Thomas Arnway, late of Westminster, Gentleman, deceased, to deliver up to the Governors of the Hospitals of the Green Coats and Grey Coats, in Tothill Fields, all such Monies, and Securities, as they have in their Power under the said Charity, and to vefl the real and personal Estate, bt longing to the fame, in the Governors of the said Holpitsls, for the Benefit of the poor Children therein, was committed; that they had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir William AJJ.urfi reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, was commuted; that they had heard the Counsel for the Petitioners, whole Pc itions were referred to the said Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments tortile Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table j where ' they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Ibme of them were disagreed (particularly Clause B, against setting up, and felling, Meal in any Places, but in the publick Markets in London, Southwark,

and weekly Bills of Mortality) and the Residue agreed, unto by the House, with some Amendments; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Lord Bulkeley have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir William Williams have Leave to go

into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

5 B A Petition

Arnway a Charitie*.

Aflire of Bread.

Leave of

Absence.

Importing

Callieocs.

Supply Bill Duties on Candle*

Exporting

Corn.

Kingston upon Hull Jhwr.

Ropley

Inclosure.

Select

Vestries.

Privilege.

17° — 18° Martii.

A. 1709.

A Petition of the Weavers, Dyers, and Combers, in the City of Coventry* in behalf of themselves, and many thousand other Persons, employed in the Woollen Manufacture in and about the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the vast Importation, and excessive Use, of Callicoes, hath very much lowered the Rates of the Wool, and deprived the Poor of Business, being ready to starve: And praying the Consideration of their deplorable State, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

; Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Candles, and certain Rates upon Monies to be given with Clerks and Apprentices, towards railing her Majesty’s Supply for the Year 1710, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were (with some Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For lowering the Rates upon Candles, made of baser Wax.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table.;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, being a Clause of Credit.

And the same was twice read, with Blankswhich were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That *

1 And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then some Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Gery:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act to explain so much of the Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Walh, drawn from malted Corn, by which Act the said Commodities are admitted to be carried from the Isle of Wight to several Markets, and for giving Liberty to export certain Quantities of Oatmeal for the Uses of the Hospi-

tals beyond the Seas, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Provision for the Poor of, the Town of Kingston upon Hull, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the inclosing of Ropley Commons, in the County of Southampton, and for Improvement of the old disparked Park of Farnham, in the Counties of Surry and Southampton-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill to regulate all select Vestries within the weekly Bills of Mortality, be read a Second time upon Tu efday Morning next, in a full House.

The House being informed, that Sir James Campbell

30

Leave of Alienee.

Reli raining Buildup*.

had received Satisfaction in relation to the Breach of Privilege committed against him:

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elecr tions be discharged from proceeding upon the Complaint of the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Myddelton have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Motion being made, and the Quelling being put,

That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for restraining the building upon new Foundations, in the Cities of London and Westminster, was committed, be now received;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Tnef-day next, at Twelve a Clock.

Mr. Walpole (according to Order) reported from the Puniiliing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing several Itnpo- Supply Pill; fitions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, Raft India Goods, and other Goods, and certain additional Impositions on several Merchandizes, and the Duties upon Whale-fins imported to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710, and for appropriating certain Duties upon Salt, and Rock Salt, towards paying the Interest of the said Loan, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Walpole presented to the House, An Account of Recruit* the Recruits, that, by the last Returns, were wanting to complete her Majesty’s Armies.

And the Title was read.

And the said Account is as follows; viz.

An Account of the Recruits, that, by the last Returns,

were wanting, to complete her Majesty’s Armies.

{Great Britain - 1,947

For the Re- \ Flanders - - 964

giments in j Spain -700

L Portugal - - 644.

-----4,253 Men.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Trim*:

iiiii

Lie?'

1 ln>* r

r-f

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of the Creditors African of the Royal African Company, be read the First time Creditor*. Tomorrow Morning, before the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to lettle the Trade t

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 18* die Martii;

Anno 9* Ann® Regin®, 1709.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the inclosing of Ropley Commons, in the County of Southampton, and for Improvement of the old disparked Park of Farnham, in the Counties of Surry and Southampton, was read the First time.

Resolved , That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ah

Ropley Inc Mure,

9 Ann.

i 8* Martii.

Tr«m«y «

£fuu.

375

j 86.

An ingrossied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 'TVllrr* fur the Voe< Mil hit's,

to enableTrudecs to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases of " ’IMr. Werd:

the Ell ale of Arthur Ft emayne, Esquire, an Infant, during So it was refolded in the Affirmative,

his Minority, was read a Second time. Ordered, lhat the 1 itle be, An Act for making a

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Manley, convenient Dock or Baffin at for the Secu-

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Givyn, Sir Robert Edon, Major Holmes, rity of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of

Mr. Ne-vill, Mr. Do/ben, Mr. Duckett, Sir Wm. Stack* Leverpoele.

land, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Freak, Mr. Sir Walter

Yonge, Mr. Vane, Mr. Fane, Mr. Archer, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Bacon, Mr. CoateJworlh, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Gale, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Lord Lundex,

Sir Tho. Johnson, Mr. Onslow, Sir Sir

Gilbert Elliot-, and all, that serve for the Counties of

Ordered, That Sir F/mmas Johnfo do carry the Bill U> the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

t.ev»rpool«

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her M.ijcity, that flic will be pleased to give Directions to

the Commissioners of Trade to lay before this House, a Report made by them to her Majesty, relating to the

sZer/^F^fiZb^ c7auUn4Smrey~77r. Sta*e ftl,eJlrade jn '^r with J y Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her

Sir Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to Majestyby such Members of tins House as are of her whom the Bill to enable the Corporation of Leverp§olt% MaJcft>'5 mo" honourable Pi ivy Council,

to Itake a Grant to Sir CleeveMore, Baronet, for Liberty The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into P/4ilflon,

to bring fresh Water into the Town of Leverpoole, was Consideration, the Amendment made by the Lords to Light-house.

committed j that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the explaining, and mak-

Ihe Bill, which they had directed him to report to the ing more effirftu.il, the Act, of the Fourth and Fifth

hen*r of AbltiRt.

House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they wore once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon tire Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by die House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to lave the Queen s Riift.t.

And the tame was twice read, and, upon the Question pur thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be nude Part of the Bill.

Ord<td, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotlld.

Ordered. Th.it Sir Firm a sWin ford have Leave

to go ir.lo the Country fora Month, upon cxlraoi uinary Occafi ji.s.

fwlof

Wr\ mil* Live.

intituled, An Act

.1 .* between the Earl Part, and AnntRo-

Ltrtrpoole

Dock.

An ingrossied Bill from the Lord to confirm Artith s of Eattitiun, n;

and Counted of Wc\>n;js, ol tic on

binfon, Spin'ter, of the other Part, the Counties ,.f Oxen, Northampton, and Kent, and for wiring the it ffvotive Moieties inTruftces, to be sold, was read a Second time.

Reftived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bailey, Mr. Gu-ynne, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Bromley,

Sir Robert Edon, Sir Fran. Mr- Mr.

Jleyjhttm, M r. zcuij In, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr.

Sir lien. Johnson, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Gape, Sir Wn. Williams, Mr. Shepard, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Himes, Mr. Shuttlesvor/h, Sir Tho. Sir John

Boils, Sir Jam. Campbell, Mr. Banks, Mr. die ore, Mr.

Di,:on, Sir Richard Farrington, Lord Pozdet, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Amefley, Sir Ain. tinnier, Mr.

Mr. Sherard, Sir Fho. Hanmore-, and all for North Britain, and all that serve for the Counties ot Oxen, Northampton, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossied Bill for making a convenient Dock or Docks at Leverp role, for the Security of Ships trading to

and from the said Port of Leverp was read the Third time.

Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better enabling the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of Frinity-houji, to re-build the Light-house on the Ediflone Rook.

And the same being twice read, is asTollows; At the End of the Bill add iheProviso, marked, A.

A. " Provided also, and be it enacted, that this Act " shall continue and be in force, to the End of die AeXt " S-. (lion of Parliament, and no longer."

And a Motion being made, and the Question bein put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the fui Amendment;

It passed in the Negative, Nemitte Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to dratv up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, fof dikigreeing to the said Amendment;

And it is referred to Mr. Dolbtn, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Moor, Lord Connings by, Mr. Prije, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nicoll, Mr. Mr.

Compton, Mr. Fopham, Lord Wm. Povdett, Sir William

of their Estates in Whitlock, Sir Fhcmas Ptuis, Mr. Holmei, Mi*> Bruce, Mr.

Lout her, Mr. Duckminique, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Denton, Mr. Corrance, Mr. Yates, Mr. Ferrite: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber.

An Amendment was proposed to be made ro the Bill, the Year 1710.

ff a* M. r. i# I. 1 . IS , /» 1 _ . ___

An ingrossied Bill for laying certain Duties upon Can- Supply Bill; ells;, and certain Rates upon Moneys to be given with Dune, on Clerks and Apprentices, towards railing her Majesty’s Caudle*. Supply for the Year 1710, was read the Third time.

Phe Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. L. 2J. After " Fish" to insert "within Great Britain."

Pr. 21.L. To leave out " Bills of," and after " weekly" to insert Bills of."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amende ed at the Table accordingly.

R.eJolvtd, That the Bill do pals, and that the Title be

An Act for laying certain Duties upon Candles, and certain Rates upon Moneys to be given, with Clerks and Apprentices, towards railing her Majesty’s Supply for

Pr. 12. I,. After " belonging to" to insert " or bound " to and from."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, Tint the Bill do pass;

The flcufe divided:

The Yeas go forth: t , r.. v CMr. Shuttleworth.

TVUr, to th, YNlrri! . '

V)t. 1G.

] '*9.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, Tint Mr. Fhompfon have Leave to go into the Country for three Weeks, upon extraordinary

Occafi on s.

A Petition of Sir Humphry Mackworth was presented to the House, and read: And tho lam? was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn,

A Bill

Leave of Absenco.

Sir H. Mackworth*

Security of A Bill for explaining and enlarging an Act, made in the

Queen’i Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act Person, tc. for tj,e better Security of her Majesty’s Person and " Government," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Sir

Frau. Masham, Sir RobtrtEden, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Htyfham, Mr. Ev, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Travers, Sir Wm. Mr. Lord

ningsby, Mr. Bridges, Sir Wm. Robinson; and all the Gentlemen that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mine Mr. Benson (according to Order) presented to the House,

Con^wT* a Bill for the Relief of the Creditors, and Proprietors of p y' principal Money and Annuities, of the Governor and Company of the Mine Adventurers of England; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Contracts for Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay PitcK and before this House, Copies of all Contracts for Quantities

er* of Pitch and 'Far, yearly contracted for, for the Use of

her Majesty’s Navy, since her Majesty’s Accession to the Throne, from Stockbolme, or any other Parts of the Kingdom of Sweden

Fornhill Ordered, That Mr. Lawson, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Ne-iUad. ville, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for

making more effectual the Act for repairing the Highway between Fornhill, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Nine a Clock.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Colonel Ogilvie have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occa- AWhjm. fions.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occa-lions.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Pickering have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hie cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this SatbevertH'i House, that their Lordships intend to proceed further on the Impeachment of Doctor Henry ,this

Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, in Westminster-hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for continuing several Imposit ions upon Wines, Supply Pill; Vinegar, Tobatco, East India Goods, and other Goods, and certain additional Impositions on several Merchandizes, and the Duties upon Whale-fins imported, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710, and for appropriating certain Duties upon Salt, and Rock Salt, towards paying the Interest of the said Loan, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

to*

k

Ma

'm

!d<f

'‘VCii'S

kt.

Luna, 20* Martii;

Anno 9* Anna Regin*, 1709.

Prayers.

Security of f\RDERE D, That Leave be given to offer, upon

<Jueen'» the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill Person, Sec. por explaining and enlarging an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government," was committed, a Clause, to enlarge the Time for Doctor Newton, her Majesty’s Envoy Extraordinary to the great Duke of for qualifying him-

self for the Office of Master of St. Katherine's Hospital, until after his Return from Abroad.

Security of Mr. Aiflaby reported from the Committee, to whom R«nu. the Bill for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds, committed by Tenants, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question fevetally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That,

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That #

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do lay before Fees for this House, a Schedule of the Fees for issuing Writs Writs of of Dedimus, for swearing Justices of Peace in Great e m""’

Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Twelve African a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade.

House, to consider further of the Bill for settling the Trade to Africa.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, punishing 1*, and false Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Mutiny and Army and Quarters, was read the Third time. Dalertn n.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false

Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and

Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the inclosing of Ropley Commons, in c the County of Southampton, and for Improvement of the old disparked Park of Farnham, in the Counties of Surry and Southampton, be now read the Second time.

The B ill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm.

Powlett, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Air. Onslow, Mr. Bridges, Mr. AttflinMr. Offley, Lord

Marquis of Winchester, Mr. White, Major General Rofje,

Mr. Addison, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Masters, Sir Rushout

Cullen, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Mr. Henley, Mr. Nevi/l, Sir Richard Farrington, Major Yate, Sir Walter Ycnge, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Oglethorp,

Sir Wm.Scawen; and all, that lerve for the Counties of

Southampton, Stirry, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered,

g Ann.

2o° — 2i °Martti.

W

Sacfamrell’t Ordered That the House do proceed in the same Me- Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the

Mm*

M

Leave of Abitnce.

Mine

Adventure

Company.

Summer*’

Elate.

Committee bad directed him to report the BHI to thfc Hooie, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the CJerk’s Table.

Sir Robert Eden reported from the Committee* to

thod, as formerly, to the further Proceeding of the Lorda on the Impeachment of Dr. Henry SachevtrelL

And the Four first Members present, named in the Return Book, with the Serjeant, and a Clerk, went into the Places in Westminster-hall, prepared for the Members

of this House, to clear the fame, in such manner, as was whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords intituled, An directed by the former Order of the House. Act to enable Trustees to recover the personal Estates of

Then the Names of the Persons, appointed to be the William Bigg and Isabel , now veiled in John , Managers of the Impeachment against Doctor Henry So- a Lunatick, their Son and Heir, and Executor of his Fa-thcverell were called over* and they went to the Places ther, for the Payment of Debt9 and Legacies, was com-appointed for them. mitted; that they bad examined the Allegations of the

Refotved, That this Iloufe will immediately resolve it- Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties lelf into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be concerned had given their Consents to the BrW, to the Sa-

BiggV

£tUt«.

present at the further Proceeding upon the Impeachment against Doctor Henry Sachevtrtll.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole iloulc accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, in order to take their Places -

boll; and afterwards Mr. Speaker, and after him the Clerk, and Clerk-assistant, as formerly:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the hearing of Sir Humphry Mackioorth, or his Counsel, if he think fit, upon his Petit on, relating

tisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made one Amendment to the Bill, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was twice read, and is as follows; viz.

Pr. i. L. 6. Leave out " Six," and, inllead thereof, insert Seven."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative. ..

Mr. Gale reported from the Committee, to whom the

to the Mine Adventurers, be adjourned until Wednesday Bill for regulating of Servants Wages, and the better Re

Servant*

wages.

Earl of

Weynufs’

Estate.

Morning next.

Ordered, That Lord Fitzha Sir James,

Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir

Symon Harcourt. Sir John Walter, Sir Richard Temple,

cover}’ of the fame, and also for making the Act, made in the Filth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act, containing divers Orders for Artificers, " Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices,") more effectual, was committed; that they had made fe-

Mr. Bromley, Lord Hyde, Mr. Bridges, be added to the veral Amendments to the Bill, which they had drrested Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming Articles of him to report to the House: And he read the feme in hil Partition, made between the Earl and Countels of Wey- Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s miss, of the one Part, and June Robinson, Spinster, of Table; where the tame were once read throughout, aftd the other Part, of their Estates, in the Counties ot Oxen* then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question Northampton, and Kent, and for veiling their respective severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Moieties in Trustees, to be sold, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, ^Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That ingrafted.

the Bill, with the Amendments, bq

A Petition of John Wilkins, Gentleman, was pfeiented Mine to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, Adventure about nth March, 1707, lent the Governor and Com- ompaJ,y*

pany of the Mine Adventurers of England30a, as appears by Three Bills under their common Seal, about Five Days bcf<3re they made an Order for the Stop of all Payment of such Bills: That the Petitioner preferred a BiW in Chancery against them, and obtained a Decree lor Prin-

Martts, 21° die Martii \

K a

Anno 9* Ann® Regm*, 1709.

Prate r s.

ORDERED, That Mr. Foley have Leave 10 go into cipal, Interest, and Colls; and understanding a Bill is the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary brought in to veil the Mines of the said Governor and Occasions. Company in Trustees, for the better satisfying their Cre*

; ditors Debts, he conceives, he ought to be at Liberty to

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Shares in prosecute the said Governor and Company, according to the Mines, belonging to the Governor and Company of Equity: And praying to enjoy the Benefit of the said Oe-the Mines Adventures of England, on behalf of them-' cree', in such manner, as if the said" Bill had rtot been, selves, and other Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill depending, for the Relief of the Creditors, and Proprietors of principal

lopey Jhid Annuities, of the Governor and Company1 __________ . ________ __________

of the Mine Adventurers of England, will tend to the fenced to the House (pursuant to their Addreli to her apparent Damage of the Petitioners: And praying to be Majesty) a Copy of a Representation, from the Commis-beard by their Counsel against the said Bill. " sioners of Trade’and Plantations* to her Majesty, relating

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table," to the Pitch and Tar Trade, fcfitil >that Bill shall be read a Second time. And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the Taid Representation do lie upon the Sir Francis Mafltam reported from the Committee, tq Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. whom the ingrossed Bill from the? Lords, intituled, Art The said Representation is bound up with the

Act to enable Henry Summers, Esquire, to make Sale of other Papers of this Session.

the Manor of Gaynes, and other Lands in Hutstingdonjbirf,

hnd, in lieu thereof, to settle Lands in Essex, of greater Mr. Archer reported from the Committee, to whatfc r*-Value, to the same Uses the said Huntifigdonshire Estate was the Bill for making the Laws, for repairing the High- laiingto settled, was committed; that they had examined the Al- ways, more effectual, was committed; that they had made H*Shway* legations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Vor.. 16. 5 C Place,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

Mr. Poultney, from the Commissioners of Trade, pre-

Pitch and Tar Trade,

37® ai° — 4i° . 1709,

Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Mr. Farrer, Mr. , Sir ‘fbomas Sir Ro-

Table; where the same were once read throughout, and bert Edon, Mr Norris, be added to the Committee, to then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question whom the Abstract of the several Demands, (in Money severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed unto, and Debentures) upon the Equivalent, of the Payments and the rest agreed unto, by the House; and other made by the Commissioners, Debentures issued out by Amendments were made by the House to the Bill. ‘ them, the Sums remaining in their Hands, and the Ba-’ Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be lances retting unpaid, to the 3d of 1710, inclu-

ingrossed. five, was referred.

Thanks to A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Managers of That the Thanks of this House be given to the Mem-Lapeocboieuc. kers> w^q were appointed the Managers of the Impeachment against Doctor Henry Sechevereil, for their faithful Management in the Discharge of the Trust reposed in

them;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

WIer, forth. Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes.^; j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And Mr. Speaker gave them (they standing up severally in their Places) the Thanks of the House accordingly, as followeth:

}»75

116.

Portsmouth Mr. Peyton presented to the House (according to Or-Hafbour, tcc. der) a Bill for vetting several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Seeteh , Ordered, That Sir Fran. , Mr. Worsley, Sir

Equivalent, ff'm. Hujller, Mr. Compton, Sir John Cope, Mr. Foley,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Ciock.

Mercurii, 22° die

Anno 9* Ann® Reginas, 1709.

Prayers.

AB ILL for vetting certain Lands, Tenements, and Portsmouth Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying Harbour, &«. and securing the Harbours and Docks at Chatham, and Harwich, was, (according to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners of Transports attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, pellu presented to the House (pursuant to their Address to her Majesty) An Account of the Debt for transporting her Majesty’s Forces since the Beginning of the present War,

shewing how much did remain due and unprovided fof upon the 30th of September, 1709.

And being withdrawn;

The Title of the said Account was read.

And the Account is as follows:

Am ACCOUNT of the Debt for transporting her Majesty's Forces since the Beginning of the present War^ shewing, how much did remain due and unprovided for upon the 30th , 1709.

There is due, by the Register, for Transport Bills,; issued out, and numbered to be paid in Course, for Freight. "Shipping, Provisions, and other Necessaries, from the First of March, 170*, to the 30th , 1709; viz.

For Freight of Shipping, hired by the Month to transport her Majesty’s f. s. d.

Forces to Portugal and Spain - -- -- - 394,447 10 4

For Hay, Oats, Bread, Beer, Cheese, Calks, Bedding, Gabbins, Cradles,

Stabling, and other Necessaries - - 24,906 15 4

For Freight of Ships, which transported her Majesty’s Forces to Flanders this Year - - -.....- 3,797 3 4

For Interest of the above Transport Bills, to the 30th September, 1709 -

Over and above which, there is also remaining due, for which no Transport Bills have yet been numbered, or issued out; viz.

For 9 Ships, hired in Ireland, which have transported her Majesty’s Forces to Portugal and Spain, and are discharged the Service, whose Accounts are not yet adjusted -

For 139 Ships, hired at London, Portsmouth, and Lisbon, by the Month, to transport her Majesty’s Forces to Portugal and Spain, 97 of which were running in Pay, upon the 30th September, 1709 - -- -- - 121,766 19 4

t- d:

423,151 9 —

38,083 10 —

3,466 II t

frit

'*w of Uxt,

ULU,

Total Debt for Transport Service, upon the 30th September, 1709, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Five hundred and Eighty-six thousand Four hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Seven-pence -

Towards which, there is remaining in the Hands of the Receiver and Paymaster for Transports, in Tallies; viz.

On Malt Duties, for the Year - - - 17®7 " £ 40,000

On the Land Tax, for - - - -. 1708 - ,£.27,721

On the Half Subsidies, t*?f, ----- 1708 - ,£.29,687

On the Land Tax, for 1709 - 7,000

586,468 9 7

114,408 19 2&

Remains unprovided for - - 472,059 10 4!

Memorandum: Since the Computation of the above Account, the Parliament hath voted One hundred and Forty-four thousand Pounds, for the growing Expence of this present Year 1710.

Transport Office, February Sam. Atkinson,

loth, 1709. Tho. Colby,

Copy. P. Granin Nick. Roope.

Hackftt*

Liiaic.

iju

Leave of AUeiitr.

security of

Ktats.

o Ann. 22° Martit.: 3 79

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Transports be called in again.

And they were called in accordingly, and asked,- why the Account was not presented to the House before this time. '

And they answered, that they had attended the House several Days; but that the House had a great while been in a Hurry i and that the Account waa prepared, as dated, the loth of Feb.uary last.

Then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Accountdo lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

A Petition cf Thomas Meredith, for and on the behalf

of the Trustee', nominated and appointed in and by Two Acts of Parliament, paded in lre/and, for the Sale of the Estate of Sir Thomas Hackett, Knight, deceased, was pfefented to the House, and read; letting forth, that Leave is obtained for a Bill to be brought in, intituled, A Bill to enable Join Hackett, Esquire, to call to an Account the Persons, who by Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Kingdom of Irela are appointed Trustees of the Ellate of Sir Thomas Hackett, his late Father, and to veil the Surplus of his late Father’s Estate in him; and the Petitioner (impowered, and on the behalf of the said Tru(lees) is adviled, there is no Occasion for such Ad to pass, for that the said John Hackett may compel the Trustees by the ordinary Couife of Justice to account: Anti praying to be heard by Counsel in relation thereto, bciore the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicold have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds, committed by Tenants, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, For the better Recovery of Rent from Tenants at W ill.

And the same was twice read, and, by Leave of the H-jufe, withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, To oblige Tenants to execute Counterparts of Leases.

And the same was twice read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be.

An Act for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds, committed by Tenants.

Ordered, That M r. Aijlaby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; refdve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Impositions upon Wines, IDe*’ Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Goods, and certain additional Impositions on several Merchandizes, and the Duties upon Whale-fins imported, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710, and for appropriating certain Duties upon Salt, and Rock

Salt, towards paying the Interest of the Loan;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to repeal Part of a Clause in the Statute, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for continuing several Duties therein mentioned upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Mullins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, and for continuing the Duties, called the'Two-third Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit, and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals, exported for foreign Parts, and for securing the Credit of the Bank of England, and for passing several Accounts of Taxes, raised in the County of 1

Monmouth, and for promoting the Consumption of such Tobacco, as shall have paid her Majesty’s Duties) in order to the taking off" 3 s.per Chaldron upon Coals, exported in British Bottoms, after all the Principal and Interest, secured by the Act, of the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for making good Deficiencies, and for preserving the publick Credit, shall be satisfied.

Mr. Brydges presented to the House (pursuant to their Army

Address to her Majesty) An Estimate of what is due for Arrears, Arrears of Clearings and OfT-reckonings, to her Majesty’s '

Subject Troops, acting in Conjunction with those of her Allies, from the Twenty-fourth of , 1706, to

the Twenty-second of December, 1709.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

And the said Estimate is as followeth 5 viz.

An ESTIMATE of what is due for Arrears of Clearings, and OIT-reckonings to her Majesty’s Subject Troops, acting in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty’s Allies, from the 24th Day of December, 1706, to the 22d of December, 1709; viz.

To the Regiments borne upon the Establishments of Spain and Portugal, from the said 24th of,

1706, to the 23d of December, 1707 -

To the Regiments borne upon the said Establishments, from the 24th of December, 1707, to the 22d of December, 1708 -

To the Regiments borne upon the said Establishments, from the 23d of December, 1708, to the 22d of December, 1709 -

Total to the Regiments on the Establishments of Spain and Portugal -

To the Regiments borne upon the Establishments of the 40,000 Men, and 20,000 Men, in the Low Countries, to the 23d of December, 1709 -

Total - - - £.

Clearing*. Off-reckoning*. T OTA L.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £' d.

17,312 13 i\ 2,901 15 10 20,214 8 —

32,501 7 6 i 15,206 14 iof 47,708 2 si

37,991 — 10 51,603 6 1$ 9 ,59 6 XII

1 O OO CO 69,711 16 9* *57»5i6 17 5

*5>432 19 3i 33,468 16 10 48,901 16 1

103,237 19 11 , 103,180 13 7$ 206,418 13 6f

Vai. iff.

Memorandum

j8o

iz" — -t$* Martii.

A. 1709.

£. < a

MemtMitJuHt: Whereof there fetmihs uoiffued from the Exchequer to the Pay matter General >- ft,

of the said Forces, for the Ufo of the same -> T

Remains

- £ r53>8®3 *5 — I

Which Sum of^.153,803. tfs.aid.due to the Army, has been occasioned by several extraordinary Charges of the War* paid abroad, for which no Provision has been yet made by Parliament.

7. Bridges.

Ordered That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

For the Lord Chancellor’s Secretary of the said Commission - - -- -- j $ — For the Writ at the Seal - -

When the Justrce is not of the

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr Hicfoeks:

Mr. Speaker,

Sadwvereir* The Lofds have commanded us to acquaint this House,

that their Lordships are now ready to give Judgment the said Secretary’s Fee is only against Doftot Henry Sacheverell, if this House, with their Speaker, will come, and demand the fame.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made, and I the Questionbeing put, No raprtj than according to this Schedule, was ever That this House will demand Judgment of the Lords or demanded, by me, or any Person under me.

m — 6

2 17 8

\orum. lb 6

£. 2 3 z

frM

Supply Bill; Impositions dn Wines, &c.

against Doctor Henry Sacheverell;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

K

Tell«t for the N«s,^rr |,7.

So it Was resolved in die Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Goods, and certain additional Impositions on several Merchandizes, and the Duties upon Whale-fins imported, to raise Money by way of Loan for the Service of the Year 1710, and for appropriating certain Duties upon Salt, and Rock Salt, towards paying the Interest Bacon, Mr. Hvngerford, and all that servefor the Coun-

to my Knowlege. Witness my Hand this tad Day of Matxb, 1709* George

Cl. of the Crown.

Ordered, That the said Schedule do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to settle the Trade

to Africa,

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Sir

Fran. Masham, Sir John Awbry, Colonel Sutton, Mr.

Africa*

Trade.

Hacketft.

:t. j kt,o.

.t

Mine

Adventure

Company.

of the said Loan.

Ordered, That the heating of Sir Humphry Mackworth, (and by his Counsel, if he think fit) be further adjourned till To-motfow, at Twelve a Clock, and that the Petitioners be then also heard by their Counsel, if they think fit.

T«.

Contracts for Mr. Watpole, from the Commissioners of the Navy, Pitch and presented to the House (according to Order) Copies of all Contrails for Quantities of Pitch and Tar, yearly Qontraded for, so; the Use of her Majesty’s Navy, since her Majesty’s Accession to the Throne, from,

or any Parts of the Kingdom of Sweden.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies ate bound up with the other Papers ' of this Sessions.

Select

Vestries.

F for Write of Dedimus.

Ordered, That the Bill to regulate all select Vestries within the weekly Bills of Mortality, be read a Second time upon Monday next, in a full House.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and presented to the House, A Schedule of the Fees, taken by the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for putting any one into a Commission of Peace, and Writ of Dedimus for fwtaring him.

The Title of the said Schedule was read,

And the Schedule is as follows; «/z.

THE Fees, taken by the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, for putting any one into a Commission of Peace, and Writ of Dedimes for swearing him, are as follow; viz.

s- d.

For the Clerk of the Crown, and his Clerks 178

For the Clerk of the Hanaper - - - — 4

ties of Cornwall, Norfolk, and York, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Hacket,. Esqurre, to call to an Account the Persons, who by Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Kingdom of are appointed Trustees of the Estate of Sir Hackett, his Father, and to vest the Surplus of his said late Father’s Estate in him* was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow j Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 2 30 die Martii;

Anno 9* Annae Reginae, 1709.

Praters.

ABTLL for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and pnrtfmootk Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying Harbour, it. and securing the Harbours and Docks at,

Chatham, and Harwich, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Rogers, Gentleman, was pre- Dittaf. fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that being-the Proprietor of about One hundred and Ten Acres of Land, lying near her Majesty’s Dock Yard at

which by a Bill depending, for veiling certain Lands* Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbour and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, are intended to be taken from him, and vested in the Crown for the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred and Fifty-four Pounds, being according to the Valuation thereon set by, a Jury,

2 1 ‘ impanelled

9 Ann.

23° Marl'd.

381

impanelled for that Purpose; which said Valuation falls much (bort of the real Value of the Premises: And praying to be heard by his Counsel a gain ft the said Bill.

Resolved, Ntmine contradicente, That the Petition be

rejected.

Serurity of Queens Person, Jrc.

adly, For that this Bill enacts nothing new, nor Uys any further or other Duty, than what is granted by the said former Act, only lettles the Collection of the said Duties in the Kingdom of Ireland; which certainly is. highly reasonable, in regard that foreign Ships, in their Passage through the Channel to Ireland, have equal Benefit of the Light with other Ships, that arrive in

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and enlarging an Act, Ports; and the said Act universally lays the Duty

made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, on all Ships, passing by the said Light-house; which " An Act for the better Security of her Majesty’s Person must therefore affect all Ships within her Majesty's Doand Government," was committed; that they had minions, where the same can be collected, and confe-made several Amendments thereunto, which they had questly in Ireland.

directed him to’report to the House: And he read the 3d!y» For that the said Lighthouse is a Work of such same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at great Expence, and publick Use and Benefit, not only to the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read the Shipping of this Kingdom, but to Navigation in throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, general, as is declared in the Preamble of the said Act, u|>on the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto that all due and proper Encouragement ought to be

given thereunto, especially considering the Hazard, and Difficulty, in perfecting lo wonderful a Work, and that the same is continually exposed to the Force and Violence of the Wind and Sea; for which, and many other Rea-fons, it’s humbly hopeJ, their Lordships will not infill on their said Amendment.

The First of the said Reasons being read a Second time;

That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

X

Puni tiling £h;tiny and Dcttrtion.

lxvtrpoole

Waterworks.

by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

Then the Clause was amended, and, upon the Question

{>ut thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made *art of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hiccocki:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and fur the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Meffiige be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House, with their Speaker, do intend immediately to come to the House of Lords, to demand Judgment against Doctor Henry Sacheverell; and therefore dciire, that the Painted Chamber, and Passage to the House of Lords, may be cleared.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the said Mefljge

An ingrossld Bill to enable the Corporation of Lroer- to porle to make a Grant to Sir Cleave Slore, Baronet, for

Liberty to bring fresh Water into the said Town of A Pcht, on of 7oJtn Sofer> Esquire, Robert Budd, fe-Lh'erpoole, was read the Third time. nior> Thomas Budd, John Gilbert, James

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, junior, Robert Yalden, Richard and John

An Act to enable the Corporation of Leverpoole to make Tenants of the Manors Sutton and

a Grant lo Sir Cleave More, Baronet, for Liberty to bring in tire County of Sauthamplon, in behalf of them-

fresh Water into the said Town of Leverpoole.*dvf5> and ,cveral others,'lenants of the same Manors,

SacheverclPs

Impeachment.

Ropley

Inclosure*.

F.tjiftort L^ht-house.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Edon do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and elefire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Robert Dovers reported from tire Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing with the J.ords to the Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the explaining and making more effectual, the Act, of the Fourth and Fifth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better enabling the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trhiity-house, to rebuild the Light-house on the Rock, that they

had drawn up Reasons accordingly: And lit read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Reasons, to be offered by

wa1' presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are possessed of divers Freehold, Copy-loid, and Leasehold, Estates, of the yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds, and opwards, and have Right of Common in the said Rqpley Commons; And praying to he heard by their Counsel against the Bill for the inclosing of Ropley Commons, in the County of Southampton, and for Improvement of the old disparked Park of Far;bam, in the Counties of Surry and Southampton.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee Tomorrow, who are then appointed to meet.

An ingossed Bili for regulating of Servants Wages,

agreeing with the Amendment to the Bill, intituled, an Act for explaining, and making more effectual, the Act, of the 4th and 5th, Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better enabling the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity-house, to rebuild the Light-house on the

Hock.

1 ft. For that the said Act, of the 4th and 5th Year of her Majesty ’s Reign, is perpetual; and this Bill, which is only explanatory of the former, being by their Lordships laid Amendment, to continue in Force to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer, is a seeming Contradiction; since the one, being, as it were, a Part of the other, should continue in Force for the same time, as is usual in explanatory A<£is.

Vox., 16.

the Commons, against and the better Recovery of the fame, and also for making lent, made by the Lords an Act, made in the Firth Year of the Reign of Queen

Servants

Wages.

Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act, containing divers Orders " for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and " Apprentices," more effectual, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for regulating of Sen-ants, and their Wages, and for the better Recovery of the fame, and also for making more effectual the Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act " containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, " Savants of Husbandry, and Apprentices."

Ordered, That Mr. Gale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

5 0

Mr.

Sacheverell’s

Impeachment.

Judgment

demanded.

Court of

Justiciary,

Scotland.

Mine

Adventure

Company.

382 23° — 24

Mr. Nevill reported, that he had delivered the Mef-sage to the Lords; and that the Lords had directed, that the Painted Chamber, and Passage, should be cleared immediately.

Then the House, with Mr. Speaker (with the Mace) went up to the Bar of the House of Lords, and by their Speaker demanded Judgment against Doctor Henry Sacheverell:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that he had, in the Name of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, demanded Judgment of the Lords against Doctor Henry SacheverellI, for the High Crimes and Misdemeanors, for which he was impeached:

And that the Lords had given Judgment; viz.

" That Henry Sacheverell, Doctor in Divinity, shall

,{ be, and is hereby, enjoined not to preach during the " Term of Three Years next ensuing:

" That Doctor Henry Sachev Two printed Sermnns, referred to by the Impeachment of the House " of Commons, shall be burnt before the Royal " change in London, between the Hours of One and Two " of the Clock on the 27th Day of this instant " by the Hands of the common Hangman, in the " Presence of the Lord Mayor, and the Two Sheriffs of " London and Middlesex."

Memorandum: When Mr. Speaker came to the Door of the House of Lords, to demand Judgment against Doctor Henry Sacheverell, entering in with the Mace, the Deputy Gentleman Ullier of the Black Rod put his Rod cross the Door, to flop Mr. Speaker, and his Mace, from

foingjn; upon which Mr. Speaker bid him acquaint the ,ords, that he infilled upon it as his Right, to go to the Bar with the Mace: And the Door being shut, after fomq short time the Biack Rod returned, and opened the Door; and Mr. Speaker went, with the Mace on his right Hand towards the Bar; where the Black Rod attempting to interpose between Mr. Speaker and the Serjeant with the Mace; Mr. Speaker said,

" My Lords,

" If you do not immediately order your Black Rod " to go away, I will immediately return to the House " of Commons."

Upon which, the Black Rod was directed by the Lords to go from thence; which he accordingly did j and Mr. Speaker, with the Mace, went up to the Bar. After which, the Lord Chancellor directed the Black Rod ta bring the Prisoner to the Bar: And he bringing him accordingly, and going to place him on the right Hand of the Mace; Mr. Speaker said,

" My Lords,

" The Black Rod ought to be with the Prisoner on " the left Hand of me."

Whereupon the Lord Chancellor directed the Black Rod to go with the Prisoner on the left Hand of Mr, Speaker, at some Distance; and the Black Rod did it accordingly. And then Mr. Speaker demanded the Judgment, and it was pronounced accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr-Hie cocks:

Mf. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging the Attendance of Noblemen, Barons, and Freeholders, upon the Lords of Judiciary in their Circuits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for abolishing the Method of exhibiting criminal Informations by the Porteous Roil, with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then Sir Humphry Mackworth, and also the Counsel for the Petitioners, were called in (according to Order) and in part heard, relating to the Matters of the Report trom the Committee, to whom the Petitions of several Creditors, and Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, and

Martii. ^.1769.

Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, in behalf of themselves, and several Widows and Orphans, Members and Creditors of the Company of the said Mine Adventure, "was referred.

And the Counsel, and Sir Humphry , being

withdrawn: '

And a Debate arising in the House upon what had been offered by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and Sir Humphy Mackworth:

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until Saturday Morning next; and that Sir Humphry Mackworth, and the Petitioners, and their Counsel, do then attend, to be further heard.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey, Mr. Moor, Mr. Hunger-ford, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill trom the Lords, intituled, An Act for the inclosing of Rop/ey Commons, in the County of Southampton, and for Improvement of the old disparked Park of Ram ham, in the Counties of Surry and Southampton, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock;

Veneris^ 24* Mart it;

Anno 90 Ann* Regin*, 1709. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Summers, Esquire, to make S !e of the Manor of Gaynes, and other Lands in and, in lieu thereof, to lettle Lands in Essex. oi a greater. Value, to the same Uses the said Estate

was settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Maffam do carry the Bill to the Lords,' and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual the Act for repairing the Highway between Fornhill, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Dunccmb reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable certain Trustees to raile Part of the Portions, designed for the younger Children cf Clifton Pack, Esquire, deceased, and Penelope, his Wife, by their Marriage Settlement, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make several Trusts in the Marriage Settlements of Edward Southwell, Esquire, and the Lady Elizabeth, his late Wife, more effectual to answer the Intent of them, and to explain several Powers therein, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Annefey do carry the Bill to, the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with several Amendments; tQ which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message

Roplejr

Iucluiuie.

Summer'#

Eitat*.

FornbiH

Road.

Pack's

Rftate*

South welTs Estate.

n

9 Ann'.

24° Martii.

38$

Fupuljr F.ill; Juiio (,n CuuOlrf.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and the Authors, and the several Prosecutions against such Mr. Hiceocks: Offenders; many of which Blasphemics have again, in

Mr Speaker, " a most irregular extraordinary, and in'olent, Manner,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act been printed, published, and dispersed through the for laying certain Duties upon Candles, and certain Rates "Kingdom, to the Scandal of all g;od Christians, by upon Moneys to be given with Clerks and Apprentices, " Doctor Henry during the Courie of his

towards railing her Majesty’s Supply for the Year One late Trial."

Lord Cor-

IKirtlhif/i

htuit.

thousand Seven hundred and Ten, without Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Anthony Lord Viscount Cormau/itn, for Payment of his Debts, and for securing

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, viz. by leaving out theie Words, " many " of which Blafphetnies have again, in a most irregular, extraordinary, and insolent Manner, been printed, published, and dispersed throughout the Kingdom, to

a Jointure and a Maintenance for Margaret Viscountels "the Scandal of all good Christians, by Doctor Cormansion, in lieu of a Rent-charge, payable to her out of " during the Course of his late Trial."

LeverpfM.le

Dock.

And the Question being put. That those Words Hand Part of the Amendment j The House divided:

The -Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yea-J

{Mr. T hwnpfon:

Royal AflVnt

to Bill*.

Tellers for the Noesi?Jr*

IM r. Pitt:

} >44-

) 79*

the said Viscount’s Eltare, without Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for making a convenient Dock or Bason at Liverpool*, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Lever pooh, without Amendment.

And then the McliLngers withdrew.

A MdTage from her Majesty, by Mr. AJkon, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this Vonourable House to attend her in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly the House, with Mr. Speaker, went up

to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick ^nd private Bills following:

An Act for laying certain Duties upon Candles, and certain Rates upon Moneys to be given with Clerks and her Majesty's repeated Proclamations, that have b-ea Apprentices, towards railing her Majesty’s Supply lor jft’.icd, 1. r putting the Laws in Execution against the the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ten: Authors, anu tl:.c several Prosecuti -ns against such Offen-

An Act to explain so much of the Act for prohibiting ders; many of which Bk.iphemies have again, in a moll the Exportation ot Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, ir.egul ir, extraordinary, and insolent Manner, been prin-JBiicuit, and Starch, and low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and ted, published, and diipen*d throughout me Kingdom, Wall), drawn from malted Corn, by which Act the said to the Scandal of all good Chriltions, by Doctor Henry Commodities are admitted to be carried from the Isle ot during the Couife of his late Trial.

Wight to several Markets, and for giving Liberty to , That the said Address be presented to her

export certain Quantities of Oatmeal, for the Liles of the Majesty by such NJcmbeis of this House as are of her Biitifl) H fpuals beyond the Seas: Majesty’s mull honourable Privy Council.

An Act to continue the Act for punishing Mutiny

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the whole Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be added to the Question.

Resolvetd, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (he will be graciously pleased to issue her royal Proclamation, to appoint a Day of publick Fading and Humiliation, to deprecate the divine Vengeance, which wc have jult Reason to fear, on Account of those horrid Blasphemies, which have been wined, published and printed, in this Kingdom, notwithstanciing

and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters:

An Act for repairing and amending the Highways, leading from Seven-takes to and Tunbridge Hel, r, in the County or Kent:

An Act for the more.effectual Provision for the Poor in the Town of Kiugjlonupon Hull:

An Act for making a convenient Dock or Bason at Leverpoo/e, for the Security of Ships trading to and from ,tiic laid i ort of Leverpoo/e:

An Act for Sale ot Part of the Ellate of Anthony Lord Vacuum Gormen/ton, dor Payment of his Debts, and for securing. a Jointure and a Maintenance for Margaret Viscountels Gormaxflon. in lieu ot a Rent-charge, payable to her out of the raid Viscount’s Ellate:

An Act to enizbe Hemy Summerly Esquire, to make Sale of the Manor or Geynes, and other Lands, in Hun-tingduphire, and, in Ueu thereof, to lettle Lands in L'Jfex, t it.a greater Value, to the same La les the said Huntingdon-Jldre Ellate was lettied.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being Adjovoment. put, that the Hou'e do now adjournj The House divided:

The N ocs go torth:

Tellers for the Yeas

as,£

Mr, Ba/hurst%

Mr. Co:!on:

rr* 11 r 1 \v 4 All*. Buc p

Tellers for (he No,’..|,r s,rM;^j. So it passed in the Negative.

54*

95*

A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Publication Book, intituled, " Collections of Passages, referred to by Minting to " Doctor Henry Sacheverellin his Answer to the Articles " of his Impeachment, under Four Heads: 1. Testimonies concerning the Doctrine of Non-resistance to the " supreme Powers; 11. Blasphemous, irreligious, and ‘ heretical Positions, lately published: III. The Church

State,

Address for Fad-day.

"and Clergy abused*. IV. The Queen, State, and " Ministry reflected upon: The Second Edition Which Book was produced, and brought up to the Table; where A Motion being made, that an humble Address be Paragraphs, under the Head of Blasphemyi Irre-

presented to her Majesty, that (he will be graciously i*o'on’ and Hereiy, were read:

pleated to itlue her royal Proclamation, to appoint a Day of publick Fading and Humiliation, to deprecate tl.e -divine Vengeance, which we have jult Reason to fear, on , Acc unt ot those horrid Blafphetnies, which have been vented, published, and printed, in this Kingdom;

An Amendment was proposed to tfe made thereto, by adding after " Kingdom" these Words, " notwithstanding her Majesty’s repeated Proclamations, that have " been ifl'utd, for putting the Laws in Execution against Vet. 10.

Ordered, That the said printed Book be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Th t the said Book be burnt Tomorrow at One a Clock in the Palace Tardy fVejiminster -t The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers (or the ] 69.

Tellers

Supply Bill; Impositions <m Wiiies,&c.

Tremaynt’s

Estate.

Earl of

Wcymifs'

Estate.

East of

AY ey raids’ Ellate.

Amway'*

Charities.

384 24° — 250 Martii. A. 1710.

Tellers for the Nob, j 1

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex do assist the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in seeing the said Book burnt.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Goods, and certain additional Impositions on several Merchandizes, and the Duties upon Whale-fins imported, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710, and for appropriating certain Duties upon Salt, and Rock Salt, towards paying the Interest of the said Loan.

Ordered, That Mr. Pagit, Mr. , Mr. Dislott,

Mr. Holmes, Mr. Maynt, be added to the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Arthur Esquire, an

Infant, during his Minority, was committed.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hedges, Mr. Edgcombe, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John , Mr. Sir

Wm. Withers, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Boyle, Mr.

Mr. Johnson, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to confirm Articles of Partition, made between the Earl and Countess of Weymifs, of the one Part, and Anne Robinson, Spinster, of the other Part, of their Estates in the Counties of Oxon, Northampton, and Kent, and for vetting their respective Moieties in Trustees, to be sold, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 2 50 die Martii \

Anno 9* Annse Regin®, 1710.

Prayers.

MR. Gwyn reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm Articles of Partition, made between the Earl and Countess of Weymifs, of the 09c Part, and Anne Robinson, Spinster, of the other Part, of their Estates in the Counties of Oxon, Northampton, and Kent, and for vesting their respective Moieties in Trustees to be sold, Was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were twice read, and agreed unto by the Heuse; and are as follow;

Pr. 1. L. 27. Leave out "about," and insert " before."

Pr. a. L. 41. Leave out " he," and insert " she,"

Pr. 6. L. 2i.Leave out " Joseph," and insert, "

" phtn."

Pr. 9. L. 41. Leave out "to,"^and insert " as."

An ingrossed Bill to enable the present acting Trustees under the Will of ‘Thomas Amway, late of Westminster, Gentleman, deceased, to deliver up to the Governors of the Hospitals of the Green Coats and Grey Coats, in Tot hill Fields, all such Moneys, and Securities, as they have in their Power under the said Charity, and to veti the real and personal Estate, belonging to the fame, in the Governors of the said Hospitals, for the Benefit of the poor Children therein, was read the Third time.

20

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for vesting the Estate of Thomas Amway, deviled for Charities, in the Governors of the Hospitals of the Green Coats, and Grey Coats, in or near Fields,

Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Medlycott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Court of Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Judiciary, An Act for discharging the Attendance of Noblemen, ScottaBi Barons, and Freeholders, upon the Lords of Justiciary in their Circuits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for abolishing the Method of exhibiting criminal Informations by the Porteous Roll.

And the same were twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

1 Sk. L. 15. After "to" add "or;" and leave out " or during their Abode at."

L. 18. Leave out from "Officers" to "and," in the 20th Line.

L. 36. After " Court " add the Paper, marked A: "Or such Person or Persons, as shall make Presentments, in order to Trial before the said Justices, at their " Circuits: Provided, that when Presentments are nude " by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions,

" or at the Yearly Meetings in July and February aftermentioned, it shall be lawful for the said Justices to " depute one or more of their Number, to attend in " place of the Whole."

" L. 37. After " Officers" add "or Trusts."

2d Sk. L. 27. After " notwithstanding" add Clause, marked B; viz.

" And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

" that Informations, in order to making up of Dittays,

" concerning Crimes, to be tried in the said Circuits in " Scotland, from and after the said First Day of " next, shall be by Presentments, to be made by the " Justices of Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or upon " Informations, to be taken by the Sheriffs, Stewarts,

" Bailiffs or Regalities, and their Deputies, Magistrates " of Boroughs, or other inferior Judges and Magistrates,

" within the Jurisdictions of the respective Circuits, concerning such Crimes, as are to be tried before the Lords " of Justiciary, in their Circuits in the Months of July " and February yearly: And the said Justices of Peace,

" at least Two of them, are hereby required and authorized to meet at the head Burgh of the respective Shires,

" within which they are Justices, and at the ordinary " Place and Hour of Meeting, upon the Twjenty-first " Days of the said Months of July and February respectively, yearly, being lawful Days, or on the next lawful " Day thereafter, there to receive such Informations,

" as shall be offered concerning Matters criminal, to be " tried in the Circuits, and to revive such Informations,

" as have been taken, before the Time of the said Meetings, by Two or more of the Justices of the Peace,

" otherwise than at their Quarter Meetings: And the " said Sheriffs, Stewarts, Baillies of Regalities, and their " Deputies, Magistrates of Boroughs, and other inferior " Judges and Magistrates, respectively, shall meet upon " the Twenty-second Days of the said Months of July " and February respectively, yearly, being lawful Days,

" or on the next lawful Day thereafter, at the ordinary " Places and Hour of their Meetings, there to receive " such Informations, as shall be offered concerning Matters criminal, to be tried in the Circuits: And the said " Justices, Sheriffs, Stewarts, Baillies of Regalities, and " their Deputies, Magistrates of Burghs, and other " inferior Judges and Magistrates, are hereby required " and authorized to make up particular Accounts of such " criminal Fasts, happening within their respective Bounds,

" as are to be tried before the respective Circuits; containing the Names and Designation of the Offenders,

" the Fasts committed, with the Circumstances of Time,

" Place, and others, that may serve to discover the " Truth; containing also the Names and Designations of

" the

vMI

=-ti

:t

Lve«

JLL:

VJ r <1:

1

9 Ann. ©5" Xaftu. ^85

" Jfhe >W4kieflej,^ndTiMes of^utbWwte.tB^re to»bc u Anode -uTc of'^t'fbc Tr*4k: Wbtfti4rtfern»tians*arc

" hereby appointed to be signed by the said Juttiees, or ‘‘ -at icaft Two-of them, and *their:01eric,-w*by-the1 said " Shcrrif,-Stewards,'Bailiffs dffiegalrties, or-their Depu-'ties, 'and (Ctotfcs, orby-Magift rates of ‘Boroughs, -or u -otbvr inferior'ludgesor Mag>ftnrte8J*amiJ*heir<)leA$,

" respectively j and being so signed, the respective Clerlu one <Ufo hereby required and autherized-to^transmitt'he " fame, together with such Writs, or other Edvidenee<or Proof, as are to be made use of in the Trials before " »the Judges at the -respective ‘Circuits, to the Lord " -Justice‘Cletk, or his Deputies, at Edhtburgh, at least ‘Forty *D»ys before the holding of the respective Cir- -curt Courts; that,-being -given'to her Majesty’s Ad- vooate, -or such as dricharge that Trdft in,

*L»bds and'Indiftmeitts may - be'rai ltd and executed against Parties, Aflyfers, and Wrtnefies, according to " -the-former Laws and Custom."

Pr. 2d, L. 37. After w Privileges" add "jn.Court."

L. 38. Leave out from " England" to provided," in the 7th Line of the Hid IPrels.

Pr. 3d, *L. 9. After "teftTairi" add "her Majesty’s " Advocate, or his Successors in -Office, in her Majesty’s Name, or."

Ordered, That Sir David Ramsey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, rhat this House bath agreed to the said Amendments.

Scnflbld in A Petition of the Shopkeepers in was

WestnunAer presented to the House, and read.; setting forth, that the Hall. Petitioners have been at great'Loss in their Trades, by the

building of the Scaffold for the Trial tf Doff or Henry Saebeverell, being forced to (but up their Shops for Six Weeks time; And praying Relief, as shall be thought fit.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejeftetl.

flaif'n? the A Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Milam. Service of the Year 1710, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be net yet repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 7 Morning next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee Of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Holley The Ix»rd William reported from the Com-

Indofuic. mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the inclosing of Commons,

in the County of Southampton, and for Improvement of the old disparked Park of Farnham, in the Counties of Surrey and Southampton, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and heard the Petitioners upon the Petition, referred to the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: and he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Several A Complaint being made to the House of a printed

Publication* Book, intituled, " The Rights of the Christian Church voted Scan-, a affected against the Romish and all other Priests, who tob« burnt. " ckdm an independent Power over it; with a Preface,

concerning the Government of the Church of England,

as by Law established ;*

And also of another printed Book, intituled, " A Dc-u fence of the Rights of the Christian Church, in Two Parts: Part First, against Mr. Wot ton’s Visitation Ser- mon, preached at Newport Pagnell; Part Second, oc- cafioned by Two late Indictments against a Bookseller, and his Servant, Cor felling One of the said Books: With some Tracts of Hugo Grotius, and Mr. Jo. Hales " of Eaton: The Second Edition, gorrested: To which *is added, A Letter from a Country Attorney to a Country Parson, concerning the Rites of the Church, Vol. 1C.

" -never -pubWhed ’Wfote; *arfd frktfwife iWorifieur le "Gfrr/YExtraft and‘Judgment of the said Book, translated from -his Wbliotheque ‘Chtifre: 'London, printed in the Year MDCCIX The same were produced, and brought up to the Clerk’s Table; and some ‘Paragraphs and Passage% therein contained, were read.

Refdved, Thaftbe said Books are scandalous, seditious, and blasphemous. Libels, highly rftlefting upon the Christian Religion, and the Church of England, and tend to promote Immorality and Atheism, and to create Divi lions, S^hlfms, and Fastions, among her Nhyefty’s Subjects. ’ ‘ ,

Ordered, That the’laid .‘printed Bodks be this Day, at One of the Clock, burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman in the Palace Yard, Westmiiifler, and that the SherifTs of London and Middlesex doaftift the Serjeant at Arms attending this.Hotffe, in seeing the same done.

A Complaint being made to the House ot a printed Book, intituled, " TraQatus fhilofapbico-theologieus de

" Persona: Or a Treatise of the Word Person; shewing, 1. How it (ignrfies in respect to men: tt. How it " came in Use with the respect to the Deity: 111. How " it hath been used since by Divines: IV. ‘How it is to " be understood with respect to the Doftrme of the " Trinity, as held by the Church of and efta-

" blished by o>’r Law, and particularly by the Act of 9 " and 10 of William 111. By John Clendon, of the Inner " Temple, Esquire: 'Printed for John Walt hoe, in the " A fiddle Temple Cloiflers’’

The same was produced, and brought up to the Clerk’s Table; and some Passages, therein contained, were read.

Resolved, That the said printed Book is a scandalous, seditious, and blasphemous Libel, highly reflecting upon the Christian Religion, and Church of England, and tends to promote Atheism, Schism, and Immorality, and to create Fastions and Divisions among her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said printed Book be this Day, at One of the Clock, burnt by the Hands of the common.

Hangman, in the Palace Yard, Westmin; and that the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex do afuft the Searjeant at Arms attending this House, in seeing the same done.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be graciously pleased to direct her Attorney General to prosecute the Authors of the said printed Books, and the Publilbers thereof, and the Authors, and Pubhlhers, of all other scandalous, kdiiious, and schismatical, atheistical, and blasphemous. Books.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of -her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Counsel.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do lay before this House, the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all such Prosecutions, as be shall have then made.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Impositions House, upon the Bill for continuing several Impositions ^,nes« upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Goods, and certain additional Impositions on several Merchandizes, and the Duties upon Whale-fins im- . ported, to raise Money by -way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 17*0, and for appropriating certain Duties upon Salt, and Rock Salt, towards paying the interest of the said Loan.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr,

Hiccocks:

Mr Speaker*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cooper'* for the Relief of Joseph Cooper, Gentleman, with an Estate. Amendment; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Weeks’ Act to enable the Trustees of the last Will and Testament Jointure.

5 E of

African

Trade.

Mine

Adventure

Company.

Portsinouth

Harbour,&c,

Scott’s

Estate.

Ropeley

Inclosure.

Fornhill

Road.

of Thomas Hobbs, Doctor in Physick, deceased, w/th Abra*

ham Weeks, Esquire, to make a Jointure upon the Wife of the said Abraham Weeks, without Amendment.

And then the Mefieflgers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next, at

Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for settling the Trade to Africa.

Then the House resumed the adjourned Debate, touching what had beep offered by the Counsel for the Petitioners, who are Creditors, and Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, and also what had been offered by Sir Humphry Mackworth in relation thereunto.

And Sir Humphry Mackworth, and his Counsel, and the Counsel for the Petitioners, were called in -, and Sir Humphry Mackworth, and his Counsel, were in Part heard.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Sir Humphry Mackworth, and his Counsel, and the Counsel for the Petitioners, be adjourned till 'T Morning next; and that Sir Humphry Mackworth, and his Counsel, and also the Counsel for the Petitioners, do then attend.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmoulk, Chatham, and Harwich.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hie cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of George Scott, Esquire, in the County of Kent, for Payment of Debts; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords desire a Conference with this House upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make several Trustsin the Marriage Settlement of Edward Esquire, and the Lady Elizabeth, his late Wife, more effectual to answer the Intent of them, and to explain several Powers therein; and do appoint the said Con-feYence at Eleven a Clock in the Forenoon, upon Monday next, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Resolved, That this House will meet the Lords at the Conference, as desired.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then the House adjourned till Monday ‘Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 2 70 die Martii;

Anno 90 Anna: Reginae, 1710.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the inclosing of Ropeley Commons, in the County of Southampton, and for Improvement of the old disparked Park of Farnham, in the Counties of Surrey and Southampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William Rowlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual the Act for

repairing the Highways between in the County of Bedford, and Stqny Stratford, in the County of Bucks, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to One of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to confirm Articles of Partition, made between the Earl Weymifs’ and Countels of Weymifs, of the one Part, and Anne Estate’ Robinson, Spinster, of the other Part, of their Estates in the Counties of Oxon, Northampton, and Kent, and for veiling their respective Moieties in Trustees, to be sold, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments; to which they de-fire their Lordships Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply Bill; solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Impositions the Bill for continuing several Impositions upon Wines, on'Vines’&c' Vinegar, Tabacco, East India Goods, and other Goods, and certain additional Impositions, on several Merchandizes, and the Duties upon Whale-fins imported, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710, and for appropriating certain Duties upon Salt, and Rock Salt, towards paying the Interest of the said Loan;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to prevent Frauds in the Drawbacks upon Certificate Goods exported.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to take off the Drawback on Tobacco, carried to the Isle of Man.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for Ease of Merchants in relation to Plantation Bonds, and other Bonds, given by them.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for continuing the Fees of the Officers of the Customs after the last Day of July, 1710.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to explain the Act, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for continuing several Duties therein mentioned) that Currans, imported in Venetian Ships, may pay Duties, as if imported in British Ships, according to an Explanation, made concerning the same in an Act, of the Fourth Year of her Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to thellaid Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, that . such Moneys, as are or shall be supplied, to make good any Deficiences upon the Annuity Acts, or any of them, may be replaced out of any future Surplus (remaining undisposed) of the Funds, settled by Parliament for Payment of the same Annuities, when such Surplus shall arise at the End of any Year, for which such Annuities respectively are granted.

Ordered, That ft be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for a further Encouragement for railing Naval Stores from the Growth and Product of her Majesty’s Plantations.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to give a

further

ufrti

.31*

r’»n

mx

oVtines

'H,

1

9 Ann.

further time to register Debentures, which were chargeable on the Irish Forfeitures.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farter took the Chair of the Committee.

387

Act, of the 4th and 5th Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better enabling the Matter, Wardens, and Attift-ants of Trinity-house, to rebuild the Light-house on the

Ediflone Rock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock. ’

2 70 — 28*

Conference The Time for the Conference, desired by the Lords on with Lord*. Saturday last, being come j

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farm reported from the Committee, that they bad made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will immediately after the Report of the Conference, resolve itself again into the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered \That the Committee, to whom the Bill was committed, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Givyn reported the Conference; and that the . Lords acquainted them, that they had agreed to all the Amendments, but One, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make several Trulls in the Marriage Settlements of Edward SElquire, and the Lady Elizabeth, his late Wife, more effectual to answer the Intent of them, and to explain several Powers therein; and that for difigreeing to the said Amendment the Lords gave Reasons, which he reported to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide-ration Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of

Impolitic, the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing fevc-on Wines, See. raj impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, India Goods, and other Goods, and certain additional Impositions on several Merchandizes, and the Duties upon Whale-fins imported, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710, and for appropriating, certain Duties upon Salt, and Rock Salt, towards paying the Interest o( the said Loan, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, that all foreign Merchants, or British Merchants commissioned by them, may have further 'lime allowed for the Exportation of Tobacco, Sugar, Pepper, call and bar Iron, Dying Wood, Dying Wares, and Drugs, with the Benefit and Drawback by such Exportation.

Then the House resolved itself again into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Portsmouth Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, larbour, c. Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for vetting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks, at

Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich.

Ordered, That the Bill to regulate all select Vestries, within the weekly Bills of Mortality, be read a Second time "upon this Day Seven-night.

Ediftone Ordered, That Sir Thomas Johnson, Sir Robert Edon, Light-house. Mr Morifon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Manley, Mr. Norris, Conference Mr. Gale, Mr. Winstanley, be added to the Commit-»ith Lord*, tee, appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to an Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the explaining, and making more effectual, the Vox.. 16.

Mart is, 28° die Martii;

Anno 90 Annae Reginar, 1710.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for explaining and enlarging an Security of Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Queen’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Person, iec. Majesty’s Person and Government, wds read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

P. L. # to leave out " the Pr. L. to insert " and Hand."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at trie Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais; and that the Title be.

An Act for explaining and enlarging an Act, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr.

Hi crocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Earl of by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm Weymifs Articles of Partition, made between the Earl and Countess &te‘ of Weymifs, of the one Part, and Anne Robinson, Spin-

fter, of the other Part, of their Estates in the Counties of Oxon, Northampton, and Kent, and for vetting their respective Moieties in Trustees, to be sold:

The Lords have a!so agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Levtrpoole Act to enable the Corporation of Leverpoole to make a Waterworks. Grant to Sir Cleave More, Baronet, for Liberty to bring fresh Water into the said Town of Liverpoo/e, without Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Emmerton’s Act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold Estate of Estate. William Emmerton, Esquire, deceased, in the Parish of Chevening, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for the better Support of his Widow, and Advancement of his Two Daughters, with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengengers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that their Answer to Address (in relation to a Fast) having been presented to Address. her Majesty; that her Majesty had been pleased to give this Answer; viz.

A Publick Fast having been observed in this Part of the Kingdom on the 15th of this Month, which is yet to be observed in North Britain on the 29th, her Majesty thinks it not proper to appoint another Fast so soon, but will take it into her Consideration at a more convenient Time.

An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual the Act Fomhill for repairing the Highway between in the Road.

County of Bedford, and Stoney Str, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be,

An Act for making more effectual the Act for repairing the Highway between Fornbill, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered,

4- *7*0

3A8 a8° — 290 Mj&iii.

%Orderefl, TJiat Mr- Hamden do carry the Bill tq she ^grps, and dqfiife ^hci^CpScprrence thereunto.

Mercurii, 29* Aie Martii ',

Portsmouth The ‘House (according to Order) resolved jtfelfinto a Harbour, &c. Committee of the whole House, upon the Sill for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in ‘Tru frees,’ for the better fortifying and Securing the Harbour and Docks at Portsmouth, -Chatham, and Harwich.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Peyton took the-Chair of the*Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Peyton reported from the Committee, that they

had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto, which -they had duefred him to report, Jy^en she wjllf>sease;to-receive tfye feme.

' Ordered, Tjipt.foe betreceived Xo.-mprrpiy, pt

Eleven a Clock.

)i. r > 1 - r,f> i,

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) refolded jtself, into a Impofiuons Committee of the whole House, to.cQnficjer 'further of onWine$,&c. gjj for continuing feyerpl Impqfitions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Qopds, and other Gqods, and pertai n^dditionall mpositions on feverpl-Merchandizes and the'puties upon Wfeale-fins imported to rpife Money 'byway of Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710, and for appropriating certain Dutiejs upon Salt and frpchvialt, towards paying the Interest of the said Loan.

f..|^eakfr left the Chair.'

]$r. Farrer took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Enunertpnjti Ordered, J'hat the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bi‘l> intituled, An Act for veftiqg the Freehqld and Copyhold Estate of William Esquire, de-

ceased, ,in the Parish of , in the County of Kent,

jn Xruftpes, to t)e fold, for the better Support of his Widow, and Advancement of his Two daughters, be tgken into Confederation To-morrrow Morning.

African Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve Trade. a Clock, refolye jtself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling the Trade to Afric?.

fjcQtch Mr. fqwnfo profented to the House (according to Revenut. Order) A general Abbreviate of her Majesty’s Revenue under the Management of the Commissioner? of the Cuf-,10ms, i$c. in North Rrjtain from the First Day of May, 1 joy, to the Twenty-ninth of September, 1709; and also a Breviate of the gross and neat Produce of the Revenue of Excise, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the First of May, 1707, to the Twenty-ninth of September, 1700.

And the Titles of the said Breviates yvere repd.

Ordered, That the said Breviates do lie upon the Tpble, to be perused by the Members of the ffoufe.

The said Breviates are bound up with the other Papers of this Sessions.

Mine Then Sir Humphry Mqckipqrth, and the Counsel fqr

Adventure the Petitioners, foe Mine Adventurers, were (according Company. tQ Order) further heard:

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the further hearing of Sir Humphry Mackxuprfh, and his Counsel, apt) the Counsel for the Petitioners, be adjourned till Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock; and that Sir Humphry , and his Coun-

fel, and also the Counsel for the Petitioners, do th?n attend.

And then the ffoufe adjourned tijl To-tporrow Moinjqg, Nine a Clpck.

Anuo ,9*;Anpae ft?ginft, A7*P-Prayers.

AN ingrossed^ili from the Lor, ds, in t if y fed, Afi.Ad g

for Sale of Part of the Estate of George Scott, Estate. Esquire, in the County of Kent, ,fqr Payment ,of Dpbts, . was read the Eifft time.

Resolved, That the; Bill, be,fepd a Second.time.

Ordered, That , Bijl be re, ad a Second *tirqe-To-morrqw Morning. ’

The Hoqfe oreqeeded.tp , take into Coinfiderption the Southwell's Report of the Conference with the Lords,.touch fogOpe Estate.

of the Amendments, made by this House so the Bill, intituled, An Act to make several Trulls in the Marriage Settlement of Edward Southwell, - Esquire, and the Lady Elizabeth, his late Wife, more effectual fto pnfwer the Intentof them, And 'to explain, several Powers therein.

And the Report, and Amendments, were rqpd, and pi;e ps followeth,; viz.

The Lords do, agree to all the Amendments, made by the Commons to Mr. $0^4&a#i7’s Bill,-except foe Amendment made by them, Pr. 18. Line 40; to which Amend" mept they disagree for the Reason following:

Because ’tis a known pod principal Distinction in Law between Bills of p publick, and Bills of a private, Nature ,(of which later Sort the present Bill plainly is) -that the former are to be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, and in all Courts; and that the later are pot so to be taken Notice of, but to be proved in Evidence by attested Copies or Exemplifications, or by the original Record: So that to insert such a Clause in a private < Bill is to confound, and take away an old approved Distinction in the Law, without any apparent Reason for doing it in this, rather than in any other, private Bill; and if such Clause should be admitted in one Bill, there would be the same Reason to admit the like jn all private Bills; which would abolish a Part of the common Law, without Rep-fqn plsigned for so doing: And there is the more Repfon agpinftaqing it in this Cafe, because the Clause in the Bill, to which the Commons have added this Amendment, has provided for the Iprqlp^ent of this Act in Ireland, where the Land lies; and.that Copies of such Inrolment there may be given in Evidence.

Then the said Amendment was read.

AndaMotion being made, and the Question being put,

That the House do infill upo/i the said Amendment j It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Anupfiey do carry the Bril to the Lords, and acquaint them, tfiat this House dons not infill on the said Amendment.

The Hopjfe proceeded so take into Confederation the Coopt* Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Estate. An Act ipp thp Relief of fojfeph Ceqper, (Oentlemap.

And the Ameodw11* wps twice read, and agreed unto by the Hfeulf; and js as followeth; viz-

3 Pr. 13. L. After " and" read " 'Thomas Jenkins," pfid fepye. oqt " JfiJfph Kellfty."

Ordered, That Mr- Medlycott do carry fclue Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this Hpqfe hath agreed to tfyip fpjd Amendment*

The House proceeded so take ipso Confederation, the Emmerton’* Amendmefos made by the Lords to the Bilk intituled, £ft*te. An Act for vesting the Fceebold and Copyhold Estate of William Emmerton, Esquire, deceased, in the Parish of

Chevening, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for the better Support of hip Widow, and Advancement of b;s Two Daughters.

Apd the same were twice r®pd; and agreed uufoby the House; and are as fojfoweth; viz,

Pr. 6. L. 33. Leave out " Latpbard, of Sevenoek, in v the said County of Kqnf " and insert " Emmerton, of " North Chprch, in the Cfiun$y of Hertford."

L. 37-

.tfa

Bre

jps«

iEigh

1

1

Ptok'f

fcfUte.

Aflizt of Bread*

Law* relating to Highways.

Tufifirne

libln*hv>use.

p Ann. 290

L. 37. For " Lombard'read Pr. 7. L. 2. For "Lombard* read "Emertm.*

Pr. 8. L. 14. For " Lombard" read "

L. a8. F<»r "Lombard"read Pr. 9. L. 7. After " Trustees or" leave out u any," and read "either;" and after " their or" for "any" read " either."

Ordered, That the Lord William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable certain Trustees to raise Part of the Portions, defigoed fur the younger Children of Clifton Pack, Esquire, deceased, and Penelope, his Wife, by their Marriage Settlement, w«$ read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Duneomb do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to regulate the Price and Af&ze of Bread, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Tide be.

An Act for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Laws for repairing the Highways, more effectual, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. 8. L 4c. after " Cities" to insert "only."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Pefelved, Tv at the Bill do pass; and that the-Title be,

An Act for nuking the Laws for repairing the Highways, more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dcfiie their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Cwtrence reported from the Committee, to whom it was re-committed to draw' up ReafoM, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the explaining, and making more effectual, the Act, of the Fourth and Fifth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better enabling the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of tlrinity-house, to rebuild the Light-house on the EdijfoneRuck; that they had drawn up a Reason accordingly; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was twice read, and is as follows; viz.

For that the Amendment, made by your Lordships, is for flic, ening the Time for the Collection, and Recovery, of certain Duties, granted by a former Act; which being cn Alteration of the Commons Disposition of the Money,

' arising by those Duties, doth intrench upon the ancient Rights and P«ivileges of the House of Commons.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out <( for shortening the Time for the Col left ion, and " Recovery, of certain Duties, granted by a former Act*

" which being."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " aril ng by those Duties, doth intrench upon " the ancient LV’.ots and Privileges of the House of Commons," and inferring " contrary to the undoubted " Right cl the Commons, from which they can never " depart."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the Reason, to be ottered to the Lords, so amended; viz.

Vol. 16.

Martii. 389

For that the Amendment, made try your Lordships, is

an Alteration of the Commons Disposition of Money,

contrary to the undoubted Right of the Commons, from

which they can never depart.

Ordered, That Mr. Currance do go to the Lords, and

desire a Conference with their Lordships upon the Subject-

matter of tfle said Amendment.

Mr. Peyton (according to Order) reported from the Portsmouth Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Harbour, Ut. veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, was committed; the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the same is his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause waa, upon the Question put

thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b* ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir James Mackenzie, Baronet, was pre- Rosse County feoted to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Election. Petitioner and Lieutenant General Ross Hood Candidates at the late Eieftion for the County of Ross-, where several voted for the said Lieutenant... who had no Right, whereby the Petitioner’s Votes were Two less in Number, than his: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition ..... to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve Railing th* itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Militia,

for raising the Militia for this Kingdom, for the Service of the Year 1710, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not yet repaid.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Medlycot took die Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Medlycot reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Then Sir Humphry Mackworth was (according to Order) Mine further heard, and also the Counsel for the Petitioners, Adventure who are Creditors, and Proprietors of principal Money, ompan?' Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England.

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the further hearing of Sir Humphry Mackworth, and his Counsel, and of the Counsel for the Petitioners, be adjourned till Tomorrow, after the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Goods, and certain additional Impositionson several Merchandizes, and the Duties upon Whale-fins imported, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710, and for appropriating certain Duties upon Salt, and

5 F Rock

390 290 — 3°° — 31 A. 1710.

Rock Salt, towards paying the Interest of the said Loan, was committed; and that Sir HumMackworth do then

attend with his Counsel, if he thinks fit, and also, that the Counsel for the Petitioners do then attend.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 30° Martii;

Anno 9* Annae Reginae, 1710.

Prayers.

Bigg’s A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eilat*. ±\ to enable Trustees to recover the personal Estate of William Bigg and I/ab now vested in John Bigg, a Lunatick, their Son and Heir, and Executor of his Father, for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, was 'read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Coggs’ The House proceeded to take into Consideration the D*bts. Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Goldftniths, and Co-partners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, as far as Clause B; and the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time, That the Account between Mr. Page, and the Account between John Hunt, Mr. Page's Clerk, and the said Coggs and Dann, be taken as one Account, and the Balance settled, and allowed accordingly;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That.

of Trinity-kouJe, to rebuild the Light-house on the Edijtone Rock; the Lords do agree to a Conference presently in the Painted Chamber.

And Managers were appointed: And they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Dolbtn reported, that they had given the Lords the Reason for disagreeing to the said Amendment j and left the Bill, and Amendment, with their Lordships.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Scott'* intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of George Estate.

Scott, Esquire, in the County of Kent, for Payment of Debts, be read the First Business, Tomorrow Morning.

Mr Farrer(according to Order) reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, on m*’ c" Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Goods, and certain additional Impositions on several Merchandizes, and the Duties upon Whale-fins imported, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710, and for appropriating certam Duties upon Salt, and llock Salt, towards paying the Interest of the said Loan, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, against. embezzling of Goods by the Custom house Officers.

And the same was twice read, and amended j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Sir Humphry Mine Mackworth, and his Counsel, and of the Counsel for the Adventure Petitioners, the Mine Adventurers, be further adjourned ComPauy* till Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock; and that Sir Humphry Mackworth, with his Counsel (if he thinks fit) and also . . for the Petitioners, do then attend.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For saving the Right of the Queen, and all others, except the said John Coggs and John Dann.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the -House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, on behalf of one Mr. Ball

And the . Question being put, That the Clause be brought to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

MiiVine Mr. Currauce reported, that he having (according to Light houfr. Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference with their Lordships upon the Subject-matter of the Amendment, made by them to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the expla.ning, and making more cffcdluak the Act, of the Fourth and Fifth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better enabling the Mailer, Waldens, and Assistants,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 310 die Martii j

Anno 90 Anna: Regins, 1710.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Scott’* for Sale of Part of the Estate of George Scott, Esquire, Estate. in the County of Kent, for Payment of Debts, was (according to Order) read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brewer,

Mr. Manley, Colonel Grey ham, Mr. Farrer, Mr. -tague. Colonel Moreton, Mr. BulSir John Awbrey, Sir 'Tho. Manfell, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Jones,

Mr. Hungerford, Sir Richard Hoiv, Mr. Benfott, Mr. Windham, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Lowther, Sir Ja.

Bankes, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

Heysham, Sir Fra. Majhatn, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Diston, Sir Wm. Mr.

pejjon, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Shepard,

Mr. Cur ranee. Sir Cholm. Deering, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Denton, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Cle&ue Moore, Mr Wyld-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and .*

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr.

Trf®

Elia

1 Cog£ Dot

1

so!;B

Ovt;,r

c.

9 Ann. 30 Martii. — i* Aprilis. 391

Tremayne'a Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom EiUtes. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Eft ate of Arthur T an Infant, during his Minority, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made One Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth t

Pr. L. After " Issue " insert Male."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Coggi An ingrossed Bill for veiling the Estate and Effects of Debts. John Coggs and John Damn, Goldsmiths, and Co-partners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon, was read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill:

Pr. 4, and 5, in Three Places, to leavtf out " and, " and instead thereof insert " or."

Pr. last, L. 15 and 16. To leave out " or of the said " Thomas Brertwood."

% L. 27. After " Heirs " to insert " Succef-

" fors."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the 'lable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths, and Co-partners, in Trustees,

for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Manley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for continuing several Impositions impoiitions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and «nWines,*c. other Goods, and certain additional Impositions on several Merchandizes, and the Duties upon Whale-fins imported, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710, and for appropriating certain Duties upon Salt, and Rock Salt, towards paying the Interest of

the said Loan....

And the Amendments following were severally pro-poled to be made to the Bill;

Pr. to L. To leave out " Tickets," and insert " Acts." ]

Pr. 16. L. 14. After " and " insert " such Matter " shall:"

Pr- 18. L. After " Drugs" to insert " already " imported, or hereafter to be imported

Pr. 21. L. 20. After ‘‘grieved " to insert " with full Costs, to be recovered, as other Penalties by this Act " are recoverable."

And the same were, upon the Questionieverally pit thereupon, agreed unto by the House 7;and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act; for continuing several Impositions, additional Impositions, and Duties, upon Goods imported, to raise Money by way ot Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710) and for taking off the Over-sea Duty on Coals, exported in British Bottoms; and for better preventing Frauds in the Drawbacks upon Certificate Goods; and for ascertaining the Duties of Currans, imported in

netian Ships; and to give further Time to foreign Merchants for Exportation of certain foreign Goods imported; and to li nit a Time for Prosecutions upon certain Bonds given by Merchants; and for continuing certain Fees of the Officers of the Customs; and to prevent Embezzlements by such Officers; and for appropriating the Vol. 16.

Moneys, granted to her Majesty; and for replacing Moneys, paid* or to be paid, for making good any Deficiencies on the Annuity Acts; and for Encouragement; to raise naval Stores in her Majesty’s Plantations; and to give further Time for registering Debentures, as is therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Fairer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for veiling certain portsmouth Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for Harbour, &c. the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, be read the Third time Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Then Sir Humphry Mackworthy and his Counsel, and M;ne the Counsel for the Petitioners, the Mine Adventurers, Adtmture were called in, and further heard. Company.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That it appears to this

House, that Sir Humphry Mackworth, Deputy Governor of the Company of Mine Adventurers of is

guilty of many notorious and scandalous Frauds, and indirect Practices, in Violation of the Charter, granted to the said Company, in Breach of his Trust, and to the manifest Wrong and Oppression of the Proprietors, and Creditors of the said Company.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That it appears to this

House, that IVijliam Skiers, Secretary to the said Company, is guilty of many notorious and scandalous Frauds, and indirect PraAices, in Confederacy with the said'Sir Humphry Mackworth, to the Wrong and Oppression of the Proprietors and Creditors, of the said Company.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That it appears to this House, that Thomas Dykes, Treasurer to the said Corn-pan}’, is guilty of many notorious and scandalous Frauds, and indirect Practices, in Confederacy with the find Sir Humphry Mackworth, to the Wrong and Oppression of

the Proprietors, and Creditors, of the said Company.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Creditors, and Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, was referred, and also the said Resolutions, be printed.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, to prevent the said Sir Humphry Mackworth, William Sand Thomas Dykes, their leaving this Kingdom, and their alienating their Estates, until the End of the next Session of Parliament; and that Mr. Btnfon, Mr. Aijlahy, and Sir Richard How, do prepare, and bring in, the' Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, die Apr His;

Anno 9* Ann* Regin*, 1710.

Prayers.

MR Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom Scott’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of George Scott, Esquire, in the County of Kenti for Payment of Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Medlycott reported from the Committee of the IUifingtli* whole House, to whom the Bill fir railing the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Service of the Year 1710, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not yet repaid, was committed; the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and had directed him to i 5 report

Fornhill

Road.

HammoMl’ft

EikU*

Security of Rents.

Prevention of Gaming,

Trem&yne’s

Estate.

Portsmouth Harbour,&c.

report to the House j which he reed m his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table \ where they. . read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Gery and Mr. Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the Act for the repairing the Highway between Fornhill \in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, with-

out Amendment:

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell feme Fenny Lands in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, Part of the Estate of Anthony Hammond, Esquire, and to settle other Lands io lieu thereof, without Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Freuds, committed by Tenants, with some Amendments s to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing exceftive, immoderate, and deceitful. Gaming.

Ordered, ..... Mr. Hungerford do carry the said Mcffige.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Arthur Trema Esquire, an Infant, during his Minority, was read the Third time.

Refrhed, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pass. (

Ordered, That Mr. Dolbeu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which they desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for veftiiw; certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That no Commissioner, employed in the Execution of . said Act, shall be liable to the Penalties in an Act 25° Car. idi, tic.

And the same was thrice read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Peyton do carry the Bill t« the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Benson presented to the House (according to Or- Preventing der) a Bill to prevent Sir Humphry Mackworth,' William Sir S’ Skiers, and Thomas Dykes, their leaving this Kingdom, from liavL and their alienating their Estates, until the End of the the Kingdom, next Session of Parliament; and the feme was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Se'urityof Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, eUt*‘ An Act for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds, committed by Tenants.

And the feme, being twice read, were agreed unto by the House, and are as follow; viz.

1 Pr. 28 L. After " Aft" add " and the Sheriff,

or other Officer, is hereby impowered and required to

" levy, and pay to the Plaintiff, as well the Money, so " paid for Rent, as the Execution Money."

2 Pr. 11 L. Instead of " in any publick Fair or Market " read " and for a valuable Consideration."

23 I.. Leave out from " Years" to "and," in the 16th Line of the 3d Press.

3 Pr. 26 L. Leave out from " appointed" to " also," in the 2d Line of the 4th Pr.

4Pr. 14th L. Leave out from "Arrears" to "after," in the 16 th Line.

19th L. After "determined" add "provided,

" that such Distress be made within the Space of Six " Calendar Months after the Determination of such " Lease, and during the Continuance of such Landlord's " Title or Interest, and during the Possession of the " Tenant, from whom such Arrears became due."

Ordered, That Mr. Aiflaby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed unto the said Amendments.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 30 dieA;

Anno 9* Anns Reginas, 17x0.

Praybrs.

MR. Secretary Boyle reported to the House, that Answert* their Address, of the Twenty-fifth of March Jafi, Addrel»-having been presented to her Majesty, That she would be pleased to direct her Attorney General to profecu te the Authors, and Publishers, of the printed Books therein mentioned, and the Authors, and Publishers, of all other scandalous, seditious, schismatical, atheistical, and blaf-phemous, Books; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Bridges, from the Officers of the Ordnance, pre- Ordnanc. fented to the House, An Account of the publick Debt of the Office of Ordnance, to the Thirty-first of December,

1709.

And the Title of the Account was read.

And the said Account is as followed!; viz.

ACCOUNT

r

*r P

o.

9. Ann.

3

)r- Pm-»s':^ !r

t W

L4i

It

y

1

A C C O U NT of the pablfck Debt' of tWOffice- of Ordnance, Rated to the 31st of 1709* which

do® not appear to us to* be provided for by Parliament $ v/z.

The Debt or the Office the 30th of September, 1709* was - - - 250/497. 7 6J

Towards paying this Debt,; there1 was then in tire Treasurer of the Ordnance Hands, in Tallies, and in Money- - - - 144,277 au6

Out of which deducting the Tallies appointed for the Fortifications, amounting to - -- - 60,004. 1411

So there remains in the Treasurer’s Hands - - - . - - - - 84*271' 7- it

Which reduceth the Debt on the 30th-of September\ 1709,^0 - - - 166/124 *9 7F‘

And the Debt of the Quarter, from 30th September to the 3 ift of December, is efthaated at; 65^576 19 4f-

231,801 19- —

Toward* a further Payment of £.231,801. 191. o d. received between the 3<?th of September,

1709, and 31st of December following, by the Treulurer of the Office, in Tallies - - 41,500 — —

So that the whole Debt, to the 31st of December, 1700, inclusive, which does not appear 7 to us provided for by Parliament, is - -- 9°*S°l *9

/?*

Scott's

LlUle.

lalfmp the hlililu.

Preventing

Sir H.

Mack worth,

&c. from l»Mtving the Kn.giiom.

Sfceritj of

Querns

I’erfoii,

j^fTizo of Bread.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill so'in the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale ot Part of the RUteof George , Esquire, in the County of Kent, for Payment o! Debts, was read the Third time.

ReJ'otved, That ihe Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill fur raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Service of the Year 1710, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not yet repaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Service of the Year 1710, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not yet repaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Medlycottdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and define-their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to prevent Sir Humphry Shier s, and Thomas Dykes, their leaving this Kingdom,

and t!u-ir alienating their Estates, until the End of the next St Hon of Parliament, was (according to Order) read tly Second time;

Revived-, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Benson, Mr. Aiflcthy, Sir Richard Hour, Sir Sir Wm.

Strickland, Sir Fra. Maffant, Mr. Sir Gilbert

F.l/iot, Mr. Harris, Sir Wm Sir John Cope, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. SzvitiSn, Mr. Off.ey, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Mr. Foley,

Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Hungerforcl, Mr. Sccbe/l, Mr.

Mr. Lambert, Lord bVm. Pozvlet, Mr. Dylan, Mr. Jeffry es, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Palms,

Mr. Ball, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Ca, Mr. Sanderson, Mr.

Vice Chamberlain, Sir Robert And they, are to

meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr. Meller:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and enlarging an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the " Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government," with feme Amendments; to which they, desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, with a ' VOL. It).

Tho. Erie, Wm. Bridges,

Rob. Low then, C. Mu/gnave,

J. Craggs.

Amendment} to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Alio, the Lords do not infill on the Amendment Ediftoua made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act Light-houfa. for explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, for the;.; better enabling the Matters, Wardens, and Assistants, of Trinity House, to rebuild the LigJit-hojife on thtEdijlottt,

stock:

And the Lords have agreed to the.Amendment, madSiTremayne's by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable, Estate, Trustees to grant, renew, and fill up; Leases of the;

Estate of Arthur Tremayne, Esquirck an Infant, dujing: his Minority.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Security of Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled An Act for explaining and enlarging an Act; made in "* on' the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign,. intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty’s Pdson and Government.

And the same were twice read, and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House} and are as followeth; viz.

ill Sk. 28 L. After " hearing" add "such."

2 Sk. 32 L. After " Scotland," insert " who, by " reason of such Office, are obliged to take the Oaths " before mentioned in Scotland"

3 Sk. 36 L. For " these" read " the said/’

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Elliot do carry - the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Then the House proceeded to take into Confederation, Affne of the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,1 Bread. An Act for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread.

And the same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; wz.

At the End of the Bill add Clause A.

" Provided always, that this Act shall continue for " Three Years, and from thence to the End'of the nejft " Session of Parliament, andmo longer."

Ordered, That Sir Samuel. Garrarck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

And then the House adjourned-till To-morroW-Morning,. Nine a Clock.

SG

Preventing

Sir H.

Mack worth, See* from leaving the JCingdom.

Ditto,

Bedford

Writ.

Raisin^ th® Militia.

Supply Bill; impositions n Wines, kc.

4 — 5

A.

i 7 To.

Mart is, 4* die;

Anno 9- Anne Regina?* 1710. Prayers.

MR. Benfoh reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Sir _ Mackzvorth,

William Shiers, and Thomas Dykes, their leaving this

Kingdom, and their alienating their Estates, until the End of the next Session-of Parliament, was committed; that they bad made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House > And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by. the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of Sir Humphry Mack worth was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill to prevent the Petitioner, Wm. , and Thomas Dykes, their leaving this Kingdom, and their alienating their Estates, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, tends to the Prejudice of him, and his Family: And praying, to be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Humphry Machvorth be heard by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electinga Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, in the room of William Fairer, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath been by her Majesty made Clerk of the Pype.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 5* die Aprilis;

Anno 9* Anna; Reginas, 1710.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Fellows ' Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1710, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, without Amendment:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several Impositions, and additional Impositions, and Duties, upon Goods imported, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 17 to; and for taking off the Over-sea Duty on Coals, exported in British Bottoms; and for better preventing Frauds 4n Drawbacks upon Certificate Goods; and for ascertaining the Duties of Currans, imported in Ships; and to

give further Time to foreign Merchants for Exportation of certain foreign Goods imported; and to limit aTime for Profecurions upon certain Bonds, given by Merchants; and for continuing certain Fees of the Officers of the Customs; and to prevent Embezlements by such Officers; and for appropriating the Moneys, granted to her Majesty; and for replacing Moneys, paid, or to be paid, for making good any Deficiencies on the Annuity Acts; and for Encouragement to raise naval Stores in her Majesty’s Plantations; and to give further Time for registering Debentures, as is therein mentioned; without Amendment:

fopy Right

oi Eooks.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors, or Purchasers, of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned,' with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An sVrvsnt* Act for regulating of Servants Wages, and for the be(t.-r Ways. Recovery of the fame, and also for making the Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act, containing divers Orders for Artificers, "Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices," more effectual, with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this- House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Copy Right Amendments, made-by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, -of Book*. An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors, or Purchasers, of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned.

And the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

1 Pr. 18 L. For "Five-and-twentieth

read " Tenth Day of April."

21 L. Instead of " reserved to himself" read . " not.transferred to any other."

29 L. For"Five-and-twentiethDaycf Ma

read " Tenth Day of April."

2 Pr. 1, 2, L. For " Five-and-twentieth Day of

" March," read " Tenth Day of April.":

9 L. After " be ’’ add " to."

3 Pr. 41 L. Leave out from " allowed" to "provided;" in the 38th L. of the 5th Pr.

5 Pr. 39 L. For " Five" read "Nine."

4:, 42, L. For "Five-and-twentieth Day of " March," read " Tenth Day of April."

6 Pr. 6 L. After " Cambridge" iafert " the Libraries " of the Four Universities in Scotland."

7 L. After the Second "Library," add "commonly called the Library."

10 L. For " thereby" read " hereby."

14, 15, L. Instead of "the Printer or Printers " aforesaid" read " Proprietor, Bookseller, or Printer."

25 L. For " either*’read " any."

33 L. Leave out "summarly, without abiding 41 the Course of the Roll."

6 Pr. 38 L. Leave out from " any" to " beyond," in the 40th Line, and read " Books in Greek, Latin, or " any other foreign Language, printed."

7 Pr. 12 L. Leave out "Two," and for "either" read " any."*

At the End of the Bill add the Proviso, marked A.

A. " Provided always, that, after the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen Years, the foie Right of " printing, or disposing of, Copies, shall return to the Authors thereof, if they are then living, for another Term of Fourteen Years."

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment 3d Press, L. 41, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The said Amendment, 3 Pr. L. 41, being read;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for-disagreeing to the said Amendment; '

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Boyle, Mr. Duncomb,

Mr. Ckr.ee, Mr. Compton, Mr. Mr. Poltney,

Mr. Manley, Mr. Aiflaby, Mr. Bromley, Lord Powlet ',

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Scobell Mr. Feilding, Mr. Benson,

Mr. Bere, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Addison, Mr. Farrington;

and

WtA

Hichi

I'jfjD

1 Vrttr

Wage

9 Ann.

5° Aprilis.

and all, that serve for the Universities: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber, and report the same to the House.

Sonwrfct Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament f>r the County of Somerset, in the room of John Prowje, Esquire, deceased.

Pmteflipo of Refohed, That an humble Address be presented to her At'iiraa Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Directions, that

Trade. such Ships of War be appointed, for protecting the Trade

to Africa, as may be necessary for the Preservation and Security thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

worth, and his Counsel, attended (according to Order) prevenring the y were called in SirH. Mack-

And the ingrossed Bill to prevent Sir Humphry &c.

worthy William Shiers, and Thomas their leaving

this Kingdom, and their alienating their Estates, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, was read the Third time.

And the Counsel for Sir Humphry Mackworth, and also himself, were heard against the lame:

And being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do |>afs; and that the Title be.

An Act to prevent Sir Humphry Mackworth, Williams Shiers, and Thomas Dykes, their leaving this Kingdom, -and their alienating their Estates, until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Bettfon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Servant*

Wages*

Then the House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating of Servants Wages, and for the better Recovery of the lame, and also for making the Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act, containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and " Apprentices," more effectual.

And the fanie were read, and are as follow;

In the Title, tft Line, leave out from "Servants" to the End of the Title.

Leave out all the Bill to whereas," in the 3d Line of the 4th Pr.

4 Pr. L. 13. Leave out " further," and after " the" leave out Authority af iresaid," and read " Queen’s " most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and " Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temp ’ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and *' by the Authority of the same."

14 L. Leave out " laid," and after "

add " 1710."

Leave out from " delivered" to the End of the Bill. The First of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time; And the Question being pur. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Amendment being read a Second time; And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth Amendment being read a Second time; And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fifth Amendment being read a Second time; And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Realbns, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to an Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors, or Purchasers, of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned, to draw up the said Reasons for disagreeing with the Lords in the said Amendments.

The House being informed, that Sir Humphry Vox.. 16,

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, appointed Copy Right to withdraw, and draw up Reasons, to be offered to the ^nt*d Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to one of the Amendments, nude by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting > the Copies of printed Books in the Authors, or Purchasers, of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned ( that they had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered . them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and ate as follow; viz,

The Commons disagree to your Lordships Amendment in Pr. 3. L. 41;

First, Because Authors, and Booksellers, having the lole Property ot Copies of printed Books vested in them by this Bill, the Commons think it reasonable, that some Provision should be made, that they do not set an extravagant Price on useful Books.

Secondly, Because the Provision, made for this Purpose by the Statute 25 H.VIII. Chap. 15. having been found to have been ineffectual, and not extending to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it is neveflary to make such a Provision, as may be effectual, and which may extend to the whole united Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do go to the Lords, and desire a Conference with their Lordships upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Humphry Mackworth have Leave to Cardigan withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough Borough of Cardigan in the County of El&dfaoa.

And then the House adjourned till Three/a Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met;

Mr. Compton reported, that he having (according Copy to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon of Printed the Subject-matter of their Lordships Amendments to Books, the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veftuig the Copies of printed Books in the Authors, or Purchasers, of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up the Reasons, to be offered at the Conference, do manage the Conference.

A Message

,11

L.

Cog|^:

Debts,

A

AJ^r^flSgc from ihfc- Lbfds, Jby SW 'Robert LegWds arid > Mr Fellows:

ML'Sp

The Lotds/haVfe a^r^ed 'tb ihe' Bill, intituled, An Act so^veftifig^heTjftatfe andliffefts of JoknCoggs and Jo Jin'1 Datifi, ‘Goldftriitlis, anid’ Go-partners, in Trustees, for the' speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Uiffdtehcfes theteu pbri, with’sortie Amendment^; to which the Lords desire the Coricurrebde of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.1

The said Amendments wfte read, arid are as follow:

’itf/ 4^|j. Le^erioutf cc each/*

6 Lk. Ltdive out from oP* to‘the Tirft"c them," in'ifie’Stfi L.

i i^Li* Leivii out " or before "

20 L. Leave out " each/’

3 t’L. AftfeV" the" add ;tc Defence and/*

39 L:; ForJ cc any" rcrid " arid1 every."

,3 Pr. 18 L. After " made’* add " or the said John " Chggt iiA& Johrt 'Ddfti'itad "not failed."

19 LI LeiVe out " arid Survivors."

4L L. Leave out1 " arid each."

‘4 Pr. 5 L/Aftet *" mentioned" add " or the Taid cc JobtiyCoggsfa#cF John Dam had riot failed

25 L; Leave orit1 " John1 Hdjkins, Ef^uire."

27, 2#;' L; LhdVe* oiit; " arid1 Survivor,’? and ' astir De^ leave out u ariddsi"

30 L. Leave1 v out " and‘Survivor," and after rir" add5 " any."

3*i L.‘Leave out:cc and offudf SufviVote." *5;Pr. 3 L. Leave outand SurVivor" and a-fter1

" or" ad.d ".any."

4'L:1 Leave orif " ‘ arid\ of such’ SutviVors1 is

IS)

A. 1710;

1 and/

add " any 6Pt-'

6/ 7; L; Leave odf " each ‘or/’

3^* LeaVeout "each)’/

3^ Lerivi ‘out1 " each."

7 Ri ifc>v ii1 After " ComntfffitfriftS"'

add " oK

34,'‘3 5 Lekvb out1 " or Survivor.1 3^ LeaVefout each;"

9 Pr*

14 Pr.

8 L. Leave out1 " arid hri of thdyJ"

1 !j,; r 4;L. Leave "oil t;<< or SurVivof."

3 2L: LekVe out? " each."

35 L. Leave out# " or Survivor."

2 L. Leave out'".he."

1 (PJJ. LeriVe out; " or'Surviv^r."

46li. Aftfer1 " Party" inftrt "arid/’j

i'lS/Leave'otrt(<< eadh." c . 24 L* After " he" add " or."

" ii6‘PnJ2'3^ After "farrid" add the Proviso, marked A. " Provided always, and its is hereby* declared by 1,4 the Authority aforesaid, that all and every the Person <r7irid Ferldris" inti tied to any Sum or Sums of Money by " or under certain Articles of Agreement Sexpartite, 44 made between John Cookes, jajper Waters, and other " Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, late of London, Linen-draper, and the said John Coggs, and John Dami, and-77/0-<f mas Brehwdod, and othdrs, bearing Date the 23d " Day of November, Anno Domini 1709 (for the Performance of which, the said John Coggs, John Dann, M arid ‘Thomas Brerewoody have given their Bond, of the " feme Date) are and shall be deemed Creditors of the " said John CoggS and John Dantiy to all Intents and Puf- poses| within the true Intdnt and Meaning of this Afi, * for the several Sums Of Money,;payable in and by the iC said Articles. And it is hereby further declared, that the^ refirfue- of the Eight Shillirigs'and Six-pence in ^the Pound, iti the- said Articles mentioned, yet unpaid, 44 shall be paid and discharged out of the Estate of u the said John Coggs and John Dann, before any other \ Be be of the said John Coggs and John Danny and that, *9

2^’L. LbavC oiit ’u or Sri^iWf."

36 L. Afterithe^First " of* add ariy."'

39L. After-th^Fitft' " or" add;" any,"

4^i Ii. Le&VetolU ct of S\irviV6tiM arid after1 <c or1, T

" as¥0 kll fothfefSurii¥;6f Mcftiey/ pay^Ie by the said Ai*'

" tides; the several Perfofis; infitled to the fame,

" be considered as the other Creditors oP the said Join*

Coggs and John Dann> and receive their Proportions "‘accordingly/^ (i

Ordercdy That the Tiirfhet*'Considerall on of the fatd1 Amend merits be adjourned until after the Conference.

Then the Managers went to the Conference with tliev*Copy Right Lords, upon the Amendment to the- Bill foreneouraging of prinud of Learning, by vetting the Copies of printed Books in-Iiob,^ the Authors, or Purchasers, of such Copies^ during the Time therein mentioned:

And being returned;

.Mr. Compton reported, that they had been at the Conference; and that they had given the Lords the Reasons-for disagreeing to the said Amendment; and left the Bill,* and Amendments, with the Lords.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to’tafee in- C^gs? to*further Consideration the 'Amendments, made by the- eDU* Lordsto the Bill, irifituled,- An Act for vesting the Ettlte arid ‘EfTcifls of John Coggs- and John Danri, Goldsmiths,-and Co-partners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for'determiriing-Diffeterices thereupon.

And the fame, being- agkiri read, were, upon the'

Question severalfy put theteupori, agreed unto by the Hdufe.'

Ordered, That Mr. Manley do carry the Bill to the*’

Lords, and acquaint them, that this Lloufe h&£h!agrefed unto the said Amendments.

A Message from the Lords,1 by Siv 'Robert Z^ri/'arid'

Mr Fellows:'

Mr. Sj^eakeri:

ThO Lords haverigreed1 to the Bill, intituled, An A&t* TP°rtfmouth for vesting certain Lands; Tenenferits, and^ Heredita- Harbour>ic-ments, in Trustees/'for the better’fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, arid1 Harwichwi'thWut any Absend merit.

: Arid then the Mefterigers withdrew.

A Meftage 'ffom the Lord^, -by SW Roberf Lcgntd and Mr. Fellowes:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do not infift1 upon their Amendment to Copy Right the Bill,' intituled,; An Act for the Encouragement of of Book*. Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Bodks in the Authors, or Purchasers, of such Copies/during the Times therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers -withdrew

A Message from her MajestV, by Mh Aflofo. Deputy RovaiA{Tent Gentleman U(her of the Black Rod: Z m

Mr! Speaker,

They Queen commandsf this honourable House to -attend her immediately in the'House of P’eets.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the H6ufe,‘ went up, to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers; where her Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Aflcrif t6 several publick and private Bills:

And afterwards to make a most gracious’Speeth'to both Houses'.

And then the Lord Chancellor, by her Majesty’s Com- Parliamwt mand, said, It was her Majesty’s Royal Will and Plea ft] re, prorogue, that this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday, the i*8th Day of this instant April; and this Parliament is pro* 1 rogued accordingly to Tuesday; the 18th‘of this* infbrat April.

9 Ann. i 8" Aprilis. — a®-i6° Mali. — j’-ao0 — 4®-i 8° Julii. 397

Martis,18° Alprills;

Anno 9® Annas Regins, 1710.

Parliament rT'HF. House being met;

farther X A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr. prorogued, AJton, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until the 2d Day

of May next; and the same was prorogued accordingly until Tuejay, the 2d Day of May next.

Martis, 2° die

Anno 9* Anns Regin*, 1710.

Parliament fI 'HE House being met;

farther X A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr.

Aston, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until the 16th.

Day of this instant May; and the same was prorogued accordingly until Tuesday, the 16th Day of this instant May.

Parliament

fuitluT

prorogued.

Martis, 16° Mail;

Anno 9® Anns Regins, 1710.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr. Aston, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Monday, the Fifth Day of June next; and the same was prorogued accordingly until Monday, the Fifth Day of June next.

Luna, 5" die Junii;

Anno 9® Anns Regins, 1710.

Parliament ^"l ’’HE House being met;

farther X A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir prorogued. William O/des, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until , the 20th

Day of June instant; and the same was prorogued accordingly until Tuesday, the 20th Day of June instant.

Parliament

farther

prorogued.

Martis,20* Junii;

Anno 9® Anns Regins, 1710.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday, the 4th Day of July next; and the same was prorogued accordingly until Tuesday, the 4th Day of July next.

Parliament

farther

prorogued.

Martis, 40 die Julii;

Anno 9* Anns Regins, 1710.

4

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by Virtue of her Majesty’s

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday, the 18th Day of July instant; and the same was prorogued accordingly until Tuesday, the 18th Day of July instant.

irliampnt

rther

orogued.

Martis, 18° die Julii;

Anno 9* Anns Regins, 1710.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Vot. 16.

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday, the First Day of August next; and the same was prorogued accordingly until Tuesday, the First Day of August next.

Mortis*, dit At&gufli;

Anno 9* Annie Regjnx, 1710.

Parliament r k '‘HE House being met

further X AMeffage was brought from the Lords by Sir prorogue . Oldes, Gentleman Ufhet of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,.

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament, until Tuesday, the 26th Day of September next; and the same was prorogued accordingly until Tuesday the 26th Day of September next.

By the QUEEN:

A PROCLAMATION,

For dilfolving this present Parliament, and declaring the speedy calling of another.

ANNE, R.

Proclamation WfH EREAS we have thought fit, for divers weighty for diilolving V V Considerations, by and with the Advice of our Parliament. Privy Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now Hands prorogued to , the Twenty-sixth Day

of this i»(buit September; we do, for that End, publUh this our royal Proclamation, and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spirituat and Temporal, a(nd the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the said

Parliament, are discharged from their meeting on the said Twenty-sixth Day of this instant September, And to the Intent our good Subjects may perceive the Confidence we have in the Assurances they have given us of their Duty and Affection, and how desirous we are to meet our People, and have their Advice, by their ftcpresentativev in Parliament; we do hereby make known to our said Sabjects, that we do intend, in some short time, to give Directions to our Chancellor of Great Britain, to cause Writs to be issued, in Form of Law, for the calling a new Parliament.

Given at our Court at the Twenty-full

Day of September, in the Ninth Year of our Reign.

GOD save the Quern.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE # COMMONS

0

Lord

Steward’*

Deputation.

[«] By the QUEEN:

A PROCLAMATION,

For calling a new Parliament.

ANNE, R.

WHEREAS by our royal Proclamation, beari.

.. . the Twenty-first Day of this Instant Septe ... did dissolve the lad Parliament, and did . declare, that in some short time after, tend to give

Directions for the calling an... liament; we do by this our royal Procl... publish and declare, that with the A . our Privy Council, we have this Day give . to our Lords Commissioners for the Custody ..

great Seal of Great Britain, to issue out.due

Form, for the summoning, and holding, a new Parliament i... Writs are to bear Teste t^e Twenty-fibventh D^y of this Instant and to be returnable on Saturday the 45th Day of November ..... suing the Date hereof.

Given' at our Court at K the Twenty-sixth Dajf of ffeptembet, in the Ninth Year of our Reign.

GOD save the Queek.

f jtOHNDuke of Buckingkamshire and Normanby, High %J Steward of her Majesty’s Houshold, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and one of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, To all, to whom these Presents shall come, greeting. Know ye, that I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have condituted, named and appointed, and by these Presents do conditute, name, and appoint, Francis Gwyn, Sir Edward Williams, Sir Robert Thomas

Lewis, Sir Robert Raymond, John Conyers, Edward Jeffryes, Francis Robarts, Tho. Colfon, John Snell, John Blanch, Sir John Clerke, Joseph Gwydott,

Sir John Mordaunt, Robert Echlin, John Corjon, Edward Jeffryes, Godfrey Clark, John Wm.

Edward Nicholas, James Lord Compton, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Richard How, Charles Fox, John gerford, Nathanael Palmer, William Cage, John Lord Fermanagh, Sir Jacob Ashley, Thomas Laurance

Carter, Francis Page, Sir Alexander , Thomas

Webb, Joseph Erie, Wm. Wallis, Wm. Griffith, John Kinafon, Edward Creffett, Charles Cox, John Cape, Tho-

mas Halsey, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Sir Richard Myddleton, Hen. Holmes, Sir John Parsons, Thomas Harley, Mungo Grahm, Samuel Trotman, Sir Wm. Corriton, Richard Harnage, Tho. Maynard, Samuel Trefujis, Richard land. Sir Alexander Cuming, John Berkley, John Codring-ton, Charles Cefar, Thomas Ro William Paul, William Burslem, William Ward, Sir Charles Duncomb, Sir Francis Vinfent, Sir Wm. Whitlocke, Thomas King, Sir Michael Wharton, Sir Charles Hotham, Thomas John Pryfe, Samuel Pitts, Ralph Freman, Josiah Diston, Samuel Bracebridge, Joseph Addison, Robert Lloyd, Sir Tho. Powell, and Wm. Newland, or any Six, Five,

Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and dead to tender and adminider the Oaths, mentioned in the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for removing, and preventing," all Quedious "and Disputes concerning the " assembling and fitting of this present Parliament,*’ according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing thetaking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burges, for the Parliament, summoned to begin, and to be holden, this Five-and-twentieth Day of November, 1710; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every of the said Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be elected, or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for Shires or Burges, as aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving them, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my said Deputies or Deputy, any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, shall do, and perform in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner,-as if I myfeK had personally been present, and done the fame: in Testimony whereof I have hereunto let my Hand and Seal. Given this Five and Twentieth Day of November, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady Anne, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, &r. Anno Domini 1710.

Bucking ham and Normanby.

{"] At the Beginning of this Journal is insertsd the following printed Proclamation, Part of which is torn off.

u&tl

ata.

ton

'Me

JOURNALS

401

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Parliament

meets*

A Ifwsace to attend the Queen*

The House directed to chuse a Speaker.

Mr. Bromley

chosen

Speaker.

Parliamentum inceptum, et tentum, apud civitatem Westmonaft* die Sabbati, a5° die Novembris, anno regni Dominae noftrae Ann je9Dei gratia, Magnae Britannia?, Francise, et Hibernia?, Regina?, fidei defenfbr’ &c. nono, annoque Domini 1710.

ON which Day, being the First Day of the Meeting of this Parliament, pursuant to a Proclamation, hereunto annexed, and also to the Writ*, which had issued lor that Purpose, the most noble John Duke of Buc and Lord Steward of her Majesty’s Houshold, came, about Eleven of the Clock, into the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court ot Wards, the usual Place to administer the Oaths, appointed to be taken by the Members, returned to serve in Parliament; and George Wright, Esquire, Clerk of the

Crown in Chancery, having delivered in a Book of the Names ot r! e Members, who had been returned; and Paul Jvdrel!, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Needier, Clerk Assistant, and the other Clerks, attending, according to their Duty; the Lord Steward did himfeil, in Person, administer the Oaths appointed to several ot tic Members, who appeared, and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal (hereunto also annexed) impowering several of the Members, who had before been sworn, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned; who administered the same accordingly to such other Members, as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons. After which,

A Message was delivered from the Queen by Sir William Older, Gentleman Uflierof the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly the House went up, to attend her Majestyj who was plealed (by the Right honourable Sir Simon Harcourt, Lord Keeper of the great Seal of Great Britain) to command the Commons to return to their House, and chute their Speaker.

And the House being returned; the honourable Sir Thomas Hanmer, Baronet, Knight of the Shiie for the County of Suffolk, acquainted the House with the Queen’s Commands; and proposed, William , Esquire,

might be their Speaker; being a Gentleman of undoubted Loyalty and Affection to her Majesty’s Person and Government, and to all the just Rights and Prerogatives of the Crown; eminent for his true and unaffected Zeal for the Protestant Succession in the House of Hanover, and his firm Adherence to the Church of as by

Yoj.. 16.

Law established; and one, who, by a long Sendee in Parliament, had acquired great Experience in the Rules and Orders of the House, and had also given the World an equal Experience of himself, that nothing could ever draw him from the true Interests of his Country, and was sincerely and heartily affected to the common Cause in the present War.

Then George Pitt, Esquire, Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, said, that Mr. Bromley was lo well known to many Gentlemen present, and had in former Parliaments given so many Testimonies of his Zeal and Affection for the Service of the Queen, and Country, that it would be Vanity in him to pretend to say any thing of his Merits; and therefore he should only humbly beg Leave to second the Motion, made by the honourable Gentleman on the other Side, That Wm. Bromley, Esquire, might be their Speaker.

Whereupon Mr. Bromley stood up in his Place, and acknowleged the great Honour, that was done him, to be named for such a Station: That he had received many Instancesof the Friendshipof those Gentlemen, that had proposed him, and to that imputed their entertaining a better Opinion of him, than he deserved; but that he was onfeious of his own Inabilities to execute the fame, and lb sensible, there were many among them fitter for the Chair, that he hoped, they would consult the Interest of the Publick, and their own Honour, and chuse a more worthy Person.

But the House calling upon him to the Chair, he was conducted to it by Sir Thomas Hanmer and Mr.; and, being upon the lower Step, repeated his Request, that the House would please to excuse him, and chuse a fitter Person to be their Speaker: But the House crying,

" No! No!" he (hid, he hoped, they would then give him Leave to intercede with her Majesty to excuse him, and command them to m ice a better Choice. And thereupon he fat down in the Chair.

And M r. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainting the House, that her Majesty had directed, that they should prel’ent their Speaker to her in the House of Peers on Monday Morning, at Eleven a Clock;

The House adjourned till Monday Morning Ten a Clock.

5 I

4°2 270 — 28° No 1710.

Message to attend the House.

Mr. Speaker appointed.

Luna?) 2 70 die Novembris j

Anno 9® Anna Regina?, 1710.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker elect having . taken the Chair;

A Message was brought from her Majesty by Sir William OlJei, Gentleman UIher of the Black. Rod:

Gentlemen,

The Queen commands this honourable Houseto attend her in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went upf to atUnd -her Majesty; And they presented their Speaker, for her Majesty’s Royal Approbation; who spake to the Effect following; viz.

That the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, in Obedience to her Majesty’s Commands to them to chuse a Speaker, had tinanimously defied him to be their Speaker:

That they had many among them much fitter for this great Trust; and therefore, that the publick Service might not fufler through his want of Abilities todischarge it, he was an humble Suitor to her Majesty, that she would be pleased to excuse his undertaking it, and command the Commons to make a better Choice.

Whereupon the Lord Keeper laid, that her Majesty had commanded him to tell him, that (he well approved the Choice the Commons had made of him to be their Speaker; and that she did as little doubt of his Ability, as flie could of his Integrity; and that therefore her Majesty did not think fit to admit of his Excuse, but allowed and confirmed him to be their Speaker.

After which Mr. Bromley replied, that, since her Majesty had not been pleased to allow his Excul'e, but to approve of the Commons Choice, it was his Duty to submit; and he rendered her Majesty his most humble Thanks for the great and undeserved Favour:

That he was very sensible, the only Qualities he could pretend to, towards the Discharge thereof, were a sincere and steady Affection for our happy Establishment_ in Church and State, with an unfeigned Zeal and Devotion for her Majesty’s Person and Government; but, since her Majesty commanded him to this Service, he should humbly hope, her Majesty would pardon all his involuntary Failings, and accept his faithful Endeavours:

That he was persuaded, her Majesty would find, that Ihe is not disappointed, by confiding in the Assurances her good Subjects have given her Majesty of their Duty, and Afteftion: That they have chose such Persons to represent them in Parliament, as will effectually support her Majesty against all her Enemies; that will soon defeat all Artifices to destroy, or distress, the publick Credit; and enable her Majesty to bring that just and necessary War, in which Ihe is engaged, to a safe, honourable, and speedy, Conclusion:

That he did, in their Names, humbly present to her Majesty, their aecustomed Petitions for their ancient Rights and Privileges; particularly.

That, for their better Attendance on this Service, they, and their necessary Servants, might be free, in their Persons and Estates, from Arrests and Molestation;

That they might have Liberty and Freedom of Speech in their Debates;

That, as often as there should be Occasion, her Majesty would vouchsafe them Access to her royal Person;

And, that their Proceedings might at all times receive a favourable Interpretation, and be free from Miscon-itructions.

The House being returned; Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give her Approbation of him for their Speaker: That he had humbly besought her Majesty to pardon his involuntary Failings, and to accept his faithful Endeavours to discharge the Duty of Speaker: And also, that he did, in their Names, 18

humbly present to her Majesty their aecustomed Petitions for their ancient Rights and Privileges; particularly,

I hat for their betrer Attendance on this Service, they, and their necessary Servants, might be free, in their Persons and Estates, from Arrests and Molestation;

That they might have Liberty and Freedom of Speech in their Debates;

That, as often as there should be Occasion, her Majesty would vouchsafe them Access to her royal Person

And, that their Proceedings might at all times receive a favourable Interpretation, and be free from Miscon-structions.

And that thereupon the Lord Keeper of the great Seal, by her Majesty’s Command, did signify, that her Majesty was so fully satisfied of his dutif ul Affection to her Service, that she was pleased to say, she would on all Occasions make the most favourable Construction of all his Words and Actions, in the Execution of his Duty; and that, as to the Suit, made in the Name of the House of Commons, her Majesty was so very well allured of the Temper and Wisdom of this House, as well as of their Loyalty, and Zeal for the present Establishment in Church and State, that she readily granted and allowed all their Privileges, as fully, as they have been at any time granted or allowed by any of her royal Predecessors.

After which, Mr. Speaker returned the House his humble Thanks, for the great Honour they had done him; which, he said, was the greatcfL Honour, they could confer, and, he thought, the greatest Honour a Commoner could leceive.

He promised an inflexible Integrity, an unbiafled Behaviour, and firm Refblution, to maintain the Honour and Dignity of the House: He said, these,-he hoped, were Qualities in his Power; that they might therefore expect them from him, and he would not fail to exert them on every proper Occasion.

In whatever else he was wanting, he begged the Assistance of Gentlemen, that had fat long in Parliament, and were well versed in the Methods of the House j whom he hoped would give good Example to others, by observing the Orders of the House: And earnestly desired, all Reflections might be avoided in their Debates.

He recommended their returning to the ancient Usage of Parliament, and meeting early in a Morning: He promised his Attendance: And then the Committees might fit, and prepare Business, as they used to do, in the Evening.

He concluded with entreating, that his Errors and Infirmities might be received with Candour, and forgiven.

And afterwards Mr. Speaker put the House in mind, that the first thing the y had to do, was to take the Oaths appointed, and to make and subscribe the Declaration, and take and subscribe the Oath of Abjuration, by Law required.

And Mr. Speaker first alone took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, accordingly.

And after him several other Members took the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is) 28° die Novembris;

Anno 9® Anna Regina?, 1710. Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Speaket

takes Oaths.

Members take Oaths,

Members take Oath*.

9 Ann.

2p° Novembris.

403

Mercurii, 290 die Novembris;

Anno 9* Ann* Reginar, 1710.

P A A Y E R S.

Members Ukc Uallil*

Seamen's

Wages.

The Queen’s

Speech

recoiled.

R Nemine Tint an bumble Ad- Addrest on dress be presented to her Majesty, to return the humble g1*e^eeu# 'JTianks of this House for her most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to assure her Majesty, that this House will heartily concur in all the Particulars which her Majesty has been plealed to recommend: That this House will effectually, and speedily, grant the necessary Supplies CEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, for a vigorous carrying on the War, till such a Peace may and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took be obtained, as her Majesty shall judge to be safe and and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the honourable for her Subjects, and all her Allies: Thar this Laws made for those Purposes. House will preservand establish the publick Credit, and

in all respects answer the Expectation of those they re-A Bill for regulating the Payment of Seamen’s Wages, present; and shew, how justiy her Majesty has confided was read the First time. in the Duty and Aftection of her People.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Re, That an Address be drawn up, on the said

Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House.

Mr. Speaker reported, that, when the House went to Re, That it be referred to a Committee, to draw the Hou c of Peers on Monday last, her Majesty was up the said Address;

pleated to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses; And it is referred to Sir Thomas Mr.

and that, left any Mistake should be in reporting the Mr. , Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Peter

King, Sir Joseph Jeky/I, Mr. Lewis, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ctfar, Mr. Lee,

Sir 7ho.Pouys, Mr. Manley, Lord Downe, Sir Nich. Mor-rice. Sir IVm. Pole, Sir Hen. B Sir Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Ward, Mr. Topham, Mr.

Mr. Harley, Mr. Secretary St. John, Mr. Benson, Mr. Brydges, Sir Gilbert Dtlben, Mr. Cholmtey, Lieutenant. General IVebb, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Air Roger Mr. Byerley, Mr. Hordes, Sit Richard How, Mr. Pitt, Mr. H'alpole, Mr. Lawson, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Sir Drake, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Foley, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Co-

lonel Moreton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That her Majesty’s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

fame, he had obtained a Copy thereof; which he read to the House, and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have, by calling this Parliament, made appear the Confidence I place in the Duty and Affection of my Subjects; and I meet you here with the greatest Satisfaction, having no Reason to doubt, but that I shall find such Returns, as will add new Life to our Friends, and Entirely dilappoint the Hopes of our Enemies.

To this End I shall recommend to you what is absolutely neessary for our common Safety.

The carrying on the W ar in all its Parts, but particularly in Spain, with the utmost Vigour, is the likeliest Means, with God’s Blessing, to procure a safe and honourable Peace for us, and all our Allies, whose Support, and Interest. 1 have truly at heart.

For thb Purpose 1 must alk from you. Gentlemen of the House of Commons, the necessary Supplies for the next Year’s Service; and let me put you in mind, that nothing will add so much to their Efficacy, as Unanimity and Di,patch.

I cannot, without great Concern, mention to you, that the IViavv, and other Offices, are burthened with heavy

Debts which so far aflLfl: the publick Service, that I most do fi’ in the" ATrernoonHnThe HouVI

earncfllv desire you to find some way to answer those Demands. and to prevent the like for the Time to come; the Justice of Pariiunent, in fiiti'fving former Engagements, being the certain way of preserving, and establish-in>*, national Cadit.

I am Icnfibly touched with what my People fiifflr by this lon^ and exper.fiveWar, to which, when it shall please

o° u ai ^Ur^,’no Condition of mj Sub- OrJereJ, Thzt a Committee of Privileges and Elections CommittPt

jeet, il.ii.l be as much my Ore, as bar Safely n a. present. appol, ltedi of Mr. Mr Fa°ri,g!0Hi Mr. Cm_ .1FMkpfc

My Lords, and Gentlemen, yers, Mr Colonel Byerley, Mr. Jeffries, Sr Robert The eyes Doth of Friends and Enemies are upon you: Duvers, Mr. Sir R. Mr. Palmer, Mr.

The way to give Spirit to the one, and to defeat the rest- Rowncv, Mr. Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Gilbert Dol-leis Malice or the other, is to proceed in such a Manner, ben, Mr. Mr. Dalby, Mr. Gery, Mr. Gwyn, Sir

Rtjolved, That this House will, To-morrowr, at Twelve The Queen'* a Clock, take into Consideration her Majesty’s most gra- sP*f’b cious Speech to both Houses of Parliament. C0Dfl erc '

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts ofjuf. tice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Grand

Committees.

Vrit'fl;Parliament, in the p'a’iicft Words tell you my Intentions

as beta mes a I lliai

and I do this with the greater Satisfaction, because I depend upon their being agreeable to you:

I am resolved to support and encourage the Church of England , as by Law efublished:

Nich. Morrice, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Phillips, Sir Hen.

Bellaffe, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir JoJ. Jekyll, Mr. Shepard, Sir Arth. Kay, Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Tilney, Colonel Lee, Sir John Wood-

houfle, Mr. Corrance, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Lord

H,/m. Povolett, Colonel Stevens, Sir Peter King, Mr. Co-

To preserv the British Constitution, according to the ventry, Mr. Prise, Dr. Hutton, Sir IVm. Drake, Mr. Cater,

Union: Mr. Sir John Clark, Mr. Herne, Mr.

And to maintain the Indulgence, by Law allowed to Mr. Mr. Gale, Mr. Vernon, Serjeant Comyns, Mr. scrupulous Confidences. Secretary St. John, Mr. Lewis, Sir Patrick Johnson, Mr.

And, that all these may be transmitted to Posterity, I Cleveland, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Lambert, Mr. Letchmere, shall employ none, but such, as are heartily for the Pro- Colonel Moreton, Mr. Colonel IVrotb, Mr. Fre-

testant Succession in the House of Hanover -, the Interest man, Mr. England, Sir Alex. Camming, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. of which Family no Personcan be more truly concerned Stuart, Mr. Mr. Lloyd, Sir Edw. Seymour, Lord

for, than myself. Murray, Mr. Cockburne, Mr. , Mr. Fleetwood,

Thcieare my Resolutions; and your Concurrence with Lord Hide, Mr. Yeoman, Sir Geo. Newland, Lord How, me, in a steady Pursuit of them, will belt manifest your Sir Tho. Frankland, Mr. Carnege, Sir Rickard Hoar, Mr. Zeal for our Religion, for the Interest of our Country, Palmes, Lord , Mr. Newland, Dr. Pajke, Sir Hen. for your own Safety, and for my Honour. Houghton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. SmithSon, Sir Robert Eden,

Vul. 16. Mr.

Usual

Order*.

Mr. Bofcazvw, Sir Edward Tumor, Mr. Lord

Willoughby, Mr. Law Jon, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Raikes, Mr. Hardes, Mr. King, Mr. Ferrier, Sir Richard How, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Laugharne, Mr. Gape, Sir Geo. Warburton, Sir Hugh Paterjon, Lord jDowne, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Wortley, Sir James Moun-tagu, Lord Duplin, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Houston, Mr. Ward, Mr. Rotle, Mr. Brydges, Mr. A: And they are to meet upon Monday next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons, that will question any new Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next after such Returns shall be brought in: And the Committee to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections within Seven Days next, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member, to serve in Parliament.

Resolved', That, where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, as a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, any Person hath been tampering with any Witnesses, in respect of their Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdeameanour, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear any Person hath given tall'e Evidence in any same before the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members, to serve for the Commons in Parliament, is a high Infringement of the Liberties nd Privileg es of the Commons of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do from time to time take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Cham, ber be locked up every Morning, at the fitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the

House: And that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That the Constables and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that from Nine of the Clock in the Morning, to Three in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple-bar and ,be

kept free and open j and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passageof the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care, there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or Passages leading to the House, during the fitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the high Bailiff of Westminster and that he do lee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Committees do fit in a Morning, without the special Leave of the House.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the printing thereof, and that no other Person do presume to print the lame.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to draw up the Address, to be presented to her Majesty, do fit Tomorrow Morning, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable John Smith, Esquire, who, since his being elected a Burgess for the said Borough, has been by her Majesty appointed one of the Tellers of the Exchequer.

Robert Walpole, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Town of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norjolk; and also a Burgess for the Borough of in the fame

County; made his Election, to serve for the Town of Lynn Regis.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cajllerifing, in the room of the said Mr. Walpole.

John Trevanion, Esquire, being chosen Knight of the Shire for the County of Cornwall; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Tregoney, in the same County; made his Election, to serve for the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Tregoney, in the room of the said Air. Trevanion.

Sir Thomas Hanmer, Baronet, being chosen Knight of the Shire for the County of Suffolk; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Thetjord, in the County of Norjolk; made

his Election to serve for the said County of Suffolk,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Thetjord, in the room of the said Sir Thomas Hanmer.

Charles Eversfield, Esquire, being chosen Knight of the Shire for the County of Sussex; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Horfiiam, in the same County; made his Election, to serve for the County of Sussex.

Ordered,

Votes to be printed.

Committee on Addrek.

Andover

Writ.

Castlerifin*

Writ.

Tregone*

Writ

Thetford

Writ.

Horfiiam

Writ

febt

lit*

far

Wri

to

V

1

h

1

9 Ann.

29® — 30° Novembris.

405

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue hia Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, in the room of the said Mr. Evertfeld.

take into Consideration the double Return for the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock, with the double Return for the Borough of Tiverton.

Debts doe to Um Crown,

Wan bam

Writ.

Coventry

Writ

Brember

Wnt

Tiverton

Elellioa.

0°!*r»r Sir Thomas reported from the Committee, to

Pet,t on Mot, on, or Bill for grant, ng any Money, or wh was referred £ draw an Address> to be

compo"nd!nS for, any Sum of Money, toher Majesty> upon the£esolution Yesterday,

u f ,0)?n,r U '/* . °.mrn, C. J. and upon the Debate of the House; that they had drawn

House, and that the same be declared to be a Standing im J Ail(We ar/.nr,;n, Iir anH HI JLri

Order of the House.

Warwick

Writ*.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wanvitk, in the room of the honourable Francis Grevile, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

up an Address accordingly, and had directed him to report the same to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table j where the same was read, as followed,; viz.

7

OVtS.

30* die Novembris;

Anno 9* Anna; Regir.*, 17iq. Praters.

GEORGE Tift, Esquire, being chosen Knight of the Shire for the County of , and also

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do joyfully appear before your Majesty, to return our most humble Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne. We bring the Thanks of your whole People, whom your Majesty has made happy by that Confidence, you have been pleased to place in their Duty and Affection; and we bring our own most solemn Assurances, that we will make all such Returns, as shall convince your Majesty, that your Confidence has not been misplaced.

We are satisfied we lie under all possible Obligations, both from our Duty to your Majesty, and the Care we

Burgess for the Borough of Wareham, ,n the County of owe to our Country, effectually and speedily to grant the Dorjct; made his Election, tojferve for the County of necessary Supplies, for a vigorous Prosecution of the War Southampton. in all its Parts, and especially in This we shall

Oidered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to study to do in such a Manner, as may best answer the the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for publick Service, and be most easy to those we represent;

the elect ine a Burgess

for the fi'd laid Mr.

6" Borou£

to serve in this present Parliament of Wareham, in the room of the

and the same we ft, all continue to do, till such a Peace may be obtained, as your Majesty, in your royal Wisdom, shall judge to be safe and honourable for your Subjects, and all your Allies.

We have no Realbn to doubt of your Majesty’s Care in every thing, that concerns the Interest and Welfare of your People, but we think ourselves obliged, in Justice to our Fellow-subjects, and in order to make them bear with greater Chearfulness the Burthens, we shall find necessary to lay upon them, most humbly to beseech your Majesty, that you will please to continue your

A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleding a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the room of Robert Craven, Esquire, deceased; and it being observed, that there were two Petitions delivered to the Clerk of the House, relating to the Election for the said City, pursuant to the Orders of the two last Parliaments, the powerful Influences with all your Allies, that they may same were read: And it appearing, that they did not exert themselves in the common Cause with Resolutions complain against the said Mr. Craven % Election; equal, and Aids proportionable, to ours.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to The Burthen of those heavy Debts, which prefles your the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for People with fb sensible a Weight, is in some measure the electing a Citizen for the City of Coventry, in the alleviated by your princely Companion. We shall en-room of the said Mr. Craven, deceased. deavour to trace the Source of this great Evil, and to

apply a Remedy suitable to it. The Honour and Justice Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had of Parliament shall by us be inviolably maintained, and received a Letter from the Right honourable the Lord all such other Measures pursued, by which the publick Viscount Windsor (who is so indisposed in his Health, that Credit may be preserved and established.

he cannot at present attend the Service of the House) Your faithful Commons are truly sensible of your that he, being chosen Knightof the Shire for the County Majesty’s Wisdom and Goodness in those Resolutions, of Monmouth \ and also a Burgess for the Borough of which you have declared , and do most heartily concur Bramber, in the County of St/Jex'; made his Election, in all, which you have been pleased to recommend to

them.

We return your Majesty our most humble Thanks for the firm Assurances you have given, both by your Words, and by your Actions, of supporting and encouraging

to serve for the County of Monmouth; and desired, that a new Writ may issue, for the eleding a Burgess to serve for the Borough of Bramber.

And it being observed, that there is a Petition delivered to the Clerk of the House, relating to the Election for the Church of England, as by Law established. the said Borough; the same was read. As we are true Sons of that Church, we cannot but

But it appearing, that there did not any other Person be tenderly concerned for its Prosperity, and for its stand as a Candidate, bolides the Lord Windsor, and the Honour, and are by Affcdion, and Principle, inclined honourable Andrewts Windsor, Esquire; to secure its Doctrine, Discipline, and Worship.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to As we are Fellow-christians, and Fellow-subjects, with the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for those Protestant Dissenters, who are so unhappy to enter-the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament ' tain Scruples against Conformity with our Church, we for the said Borough of Bramber, in the room of the are desirous, and determined, to let them quietly enjoy laid Lord Viscount Windsor. that Indulgence, which the Law hath allowed them.

As we are Britons, it is our common Interest, and shall Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, be our joint Endeavour, topreserve that L’nion between Vox.. 16. 5 K the

Addrefton the Queen'i Spetch.

Address on the Queen’s Speech.

i" Decembris. A. 17 io.

406 30° Novembris.-

the Parts of Great Britain, on which the Safety of the whole depends.

As we are Lovers of our excellent Constitution both in Church and State, and solicitous, that our Posterity may be as happy in all future Ages, as we hope long to continue under your Majesty’s moll auspicious Reign, we shall always Readily adhere to the Protestant Succession in the House of Hanover, and bemost watchful to prevent any Danger, which may threaten that Settlement, so necessary for the Preservation of our Religion, Laws, and Liberties.

These are Ends, truly worthy your Majesty’s Pursuit: And we do with all Humility represent to your Majesty, that the mosteflectual Way to give Spirit to your Friends, and defeat the restless Malice of your Enemies, will be, by difeountenancing all Persons of such Principles, and avoiding all Measures of such Tendency, as have lately threatened your royal Crown and Dignity, and which, whenever they prevail, will prove fatal to our whole Constitution both in Church and State.

The said Address being read a Second time j

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the last Paragraph, by inserting the rein, after the Word "as," these Words, " may weaken your Majesty’s Title and " Government, the Settlement of the Crown in the " illustrious House of Hanover, and advance the Hopes " of the Pretender, and all other Principles, and Mea-. " sures, that."

And the same was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, Ntmine contradicente.That the House doth

agree with the Committee, in the said Address, so amended, to be prefenled to her Majesty: And the same is a6 followeth j viz.

Most grac:ous Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do joyfully appear before your Majesty, to return our most humble Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne. We bring the Thanks of your whole People, whom your Majesty has made happy by that Confidence, you have been pleased to place in their Dhty and Affection; and we bring our own mostlolemn Assurances, that we will make all such Returns, as shall cotlvince your Majesty, that your Confidence has not been misplaced.

We are satisfied, we lie under all possible Obligations, both from our Duty to your Majesty, and the Care we owe to our Country, effectually and speedily togrant the necessary Supplies, for a vigorous Prosecution of the War in all its Parts, and especially in Spain. This we shall study to do in such a Manner, as may bell answer the publick Service, and be most easy to those we represent; and the same we shall continue to do, till such a Peace may be obtained, as your Majesty, in your royal Wisdom, shall judge to be safe and honourable for your Subjects, and all your Allies.

We have no Realbn to doubt of your Majesty’s Care in every thing, that concerns the Interest and Welfare of 1 your People; but we think ourselves obliged, in Justice to our Fellow-subjects, and in order to make them bear 'With greater Chearfulness the Burthens, we shall find necessary to lay upon them, most humbly to beseech your Majesty, that you will please to continue your powerful Influences with all your Allies, that they may exert themselves in the Common Cause with Resolutions equal, and Aids proportionable, to ours.

The Burthen of those heavy Debts, which prefles your People with so sensible a Weight, is in some measure alleviated by your princely Companion. We shall endeavour to trace the Source of this great Evil, and to apply a Remedy suitable to it. The Honour and Justice of Parliament shall by us be inviolably maintained, and all such other Measures pursered, by which the publick Credit may be preserved, and established.

Your faithful Commons are truly sensible of your Majesty’s Wifdotn and Goodftefs in those Resolutions, which you have declared; and do most heartily concur in all, which you have been pleased to recommend to them.

We return your Majesty our most humble Thanks for the firm Assurances you have given, both by your Words, and by your Actions, of supporting and encouraging the Church of England, as by Law established.

As we are true Sons of that Church, we cannot but be tenderly concerned for its Prosperity, and for its Honour; and are by Affection, and Principle, inclined to secure its Doctrine, Discipline, and Worship.

As we are Fellow-christians, and Fellow-subjects, With those Protestant Dissenters, who arefo unhappy to entertain Scruples against Conformity with our Church, we arc delirous, and determined, to let them quietly enjoy that Indulgence, which the Law hath allowed them.

As we are Britons, it is our common Interest, and shall be our joint Endeavour, to preserve that Union between the Parts of Great B, on which the Safety of the whole depends.

As we are Lovers of our excellent Constitution both in Church and State, and solicitous, that our Posterity may be as happy in all future Ages, as we hope long to continue under your Majesty’s most auspicious Reign, we shall always steadily adhere to the Protestant Succession in the House of Hanover, and be most watchful to prevent any Danger, which may threaten that Settlement, lb necessary for the Preservation of our Religion, Laws, and Liberties,

These are Ends, truly worthy your Majesty’s Pursuit: And we do with all Humility represent to your Majesty, that the most effectual Way to give Spirit to your Friends, and defeat the restless Malice of your Enemies, will be by difeountenancing ail Persons of such Principles, and avoiding all Measures of such Tendency, as may weaken your Majesty’s Title and Government, the Settlement of the Crown in the illustrious House of Hanover, and advance the Hopes of the Pretender, and all other Principles, and Measures, that have lately threatened your royal Crown and Dignity, and which, whenever they prevail, will prove fatal to our whole Constitution both in Church and State.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do hufttbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when Ihe will be attended by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vi meris, i° die Decembris;

Anno of Ann xRegime, 17 io.

PttAYXRS.

ORDERED, That Sir ’John Cotton, Baronet, have Huntington Leave to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an County undue Election of Knights of the Shire for the County Election* of Huntington.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Huntington the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Comity Writ

the

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take The Queen’s into Consideration her Majesty’s most gracious Speech to Speseh both Houses of Parliament. con filtered

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted Supply, to her Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

TjbW

[tff.oD

u

1

‘Mdtl

U

.hki\

hii

9 Ann. i® DecemBris. 407

the eleding a Knight of the Shire for the County Huntington, in the room of John Proby, Esquire, deceased.

Hwrion The Clerk of the Crown attending (according to Or-

EUdion. der) with the double Return for the Borough of

in the County of Devon the House proceeded to take the same into Consideration.

And the Return being read; it appeared, that Thomas Bere, Esquire, Richard Mervin, Esquire, and John Worth, Esquire, had all an equal Number of Votes.

Resolved, That the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of is a void Election.

Tiverton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to nU the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Tiverton.

Supply. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion Yesterday, Fora Supply to be granted to her v Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had c< me to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive he lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Abingdon Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

WrL the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, in the room ol Sir Simon H.ircourt, Knight, now Lord Keeper of the Great Seal ol Great Britain.

The House proceeded upon the Petitions, touching double RctUtns, and controverted Elections, which had been delivered to the Clerk, pursuant to the Orders of the two lad Parliaments.

lytaibgtoh Anda Petition of John Wa Esquire, and

Wrttwn. Esquire, was read; setting forth* that the Petitioners were duly defied Burgesses, to serve In this present Parliament, for the Borough of in the County of

Southampton, though the Mayor refused to take the Petitioners legal Voters, or to give rhertl a Copy of the Poll; and he, and divers Burgesses, used many illegal Practices; and hath returned the Lord Wm. and Paul

tard, Esquire, in wrong to the Petilibncrsi And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Dtvizts A Petition of Sir Francis Child, Knight, and Thomas

Sltftion. Webb, Esquire, Serjeant at Law, was read; setting forth, that at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough o in Wilt-

shire, the Petitioners and Paul Methuen, Esquire, and Josiah Distcn, Blackwell-hall Fador, flood Candidates:

That James Sutton, Gentleman, having gotten the Pre«-eept, proceeded to execute the fame, as Mayor, though he was not the legal Mayor; and was guilty of many indued Practices; and hath returned Mr. Melhwen and Mr. Difion, as duly chi fen, rhough the Petitioners were

duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; and Mr. Dtfton, and his Agents, and also Mr. Methuen's Agents, were guilty of Bribery, and other currupt Practices: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think meet.

Another Petition of the said Sir Francis Child, and Mr. Serjeant Webb, was read; letting forth, that the Peti- tioners were duly elected Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devisees, and, M such, Vol. 16.

are returned by Mr. John Child, the legal Mayor of the said Borough, by an Indenture, annexed to the Writ:

That James Sutton, Gentleman, having gotten the Precept, acted as Mayor (although he was not legal Mayor) committing many indirect Practices, and hath unduly returned Paul Met/twin, Esquire, and Josiah a

Blackvoell-hall Fador, though he also ought to have returned the Petitioners, who had the Majority of legal Votes; and the other Candidates were guilty of Bribery, and other illegal Practices: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Confederation, and relieve the Petitioners therein.

A Petit ion of Paul Methuen, and Josiah Difion, Esquires, Devize*

was read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Bur- Election. gestes, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Divines, in the County of Wi, the Petitioners, Sir Francis Child, and Mr. Serjeant Webb, flood Candidates; and though Sir Francis, and the Serjeant, and their Agents, by corrupt Practices obtained divers Votes, yet the Petitioners were duly elected, and returned by James Sutton, Gentleman, Mayor of the said Borough; yet the Sheriff of Wilts (being indirectly prevailed on) hath annexed to the Writ, with the said Return of the Petitioners, an undue Return of Sir Francis Child, and Serjeant Webb, pretended to be made by one John Child (Brother of the said Sir Francis) who was not the proper Officer, nor did prtfide, or ad, as such, at the said Election: And praying the Confederation of the House in the Premises, and such Relief therein, as the House Hull think fit.

Ordered, That the Matter of the double Return, and Merits of the Election, for the said Borough of Dtvitet, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday come-seven-night, the 12th Day of December instant.

Mr. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, that her Queen *p- Majesty having been waited upon, to know, when she Point8,0 would please to be attended by this House; her Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Day, at Two a Clock, at her Palace of St. James's.

Mr. Secretary St. John, being chosen a Knight of the Wootton Shire for the County of Berks;and also a Burgess for ®affet "r*t, the Borough of Wootton Basset, in the County of made his Election to serve lor the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wootton B in the room of the said Mr. Saint John.

Then a Petition of Willoughby Hickman, and Brian gast Retford Cooke, Esquires, was read; setting forth, that the Peti- Election. tioners, with Thomas White, Tho. Westby, and Robert Molesworth, Esquire, flood Candidates at the Election of Burgdi'cs, to serve in this present Parliament for th'

Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham:

That Edward Jackson, and Wm. Holland, the Bailiffs of the said Borough, refused to poll several legal Voters for the Petitioners; by reason whereof, and of other undue Practices, the said Mr. White and Mr. Westby have procured themselves to be returned, though the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned;

And praying such speedy Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Tborold, Baronet, was read j let- Grantham ting forth, that the Petitioner, and the Marquis of Granby, Election.

and Sir#,rfl». Ellis, flood Candidates at the Election of But-gestes, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln: That the Aldermen refused to poll several legal Voters for the Petitioner, and admitted several to poll against him, who had no Right; whereby, and other undue Practices, the said Marquis has procured himself to be ftturned, although

the

i0 Decemhris. A. 1710.

the Petitioner was duly defied: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered^ that the Consideration of the said Petition bereferaed to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Brackly A Petition of John Bu, Esquire, was read; letting Efedjon. forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for B in the County of ampton, the Petitioner, and Charles and IVtn.

Egerton, Esquires, Hood Candidate; and the Petitioner, and Wm. Egerton, were duly chosen, and ought to have been returned; but one IVm. having by indirect

Practices gotten the Precept, gave it to Richard who was not the legal Mayor of the said Borough; yet Francis Neal, the Steward, swore him as such, and refused to swear Mr. IVm. who was duly defied

Mayor on the id of October last; and Watts taking upon him the Execution of the Precept, and by Bribery, and other undue Practices, of the said Charles Egerton,

Neal, and other Agents, the said Cha. Egerton hath procured himself to be returned with the said Wm. in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Hythe A Petition of John Boteler, and Wm. Esquires,

EUehon. $as read; setting forth, that the Petitioners were duly chosen, and ought to have been returned, Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Town and Port in Kent: That the Mayor refused to poll several qualified Persons for the Petitioners, and polled divers unqualified Persons for the Lord Shaand John Fane, Esquire j who, by treating, and other undue Practices, procured several Votes, and are returned, in wrong to the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

UliMwmPori Ordered, That William Mailet, Esquire, and the Inha-Ek&on. bitants of the Borough of Milhurn Port, in the County of Somerset, have Leave to withdraw their Petitions, touch-, ing the Election for the said Borough.

Colcfaft Then a Petition of Wm. Gore, Esquire, was read; set-fr|>fljnty ting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to lerve in Parliament for Colchofter, in Essex, the Petitioner, Sir Isaac Rebow, and Sir Tho. Webjier, were Candidates: That Nathaniel Lawrence, junior, Mayor of the Borough, refused divers Voters for the Petitioner, that were qualified, and admitted divers unqualified to poll against him; denying a Scrutiny; and hatli unduly returned Sir Isaac and Sir Tho. who, with their Agents, used many indirect Practices; notwithstanding which, the Petitioner was duly defied by a Majority, and ought to have been returned: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Bewdley A Petition of Salway Winnington, Esquire, was read; EUtfiou. setting forth, that on the nth of last the Petitioner was duly defied a Burgess, to serve in this present, Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, and was returned by John Rock, Gentleman, Bailiff of the said Borough, to John Chetle, Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, who refused to accept of the said Return; whereby the Petitioner is prevented of doing his Duty in Parliament: And praying such Relief in the -Premises, as the House shall think fit.

And allb a Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the . B*wdl«y ancient Corporation of Bewdley, in the County of Wor-. E c^IOfl-cester, was read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, have long enjoyed the Privilege of electing a Burgess, to serve in Parliament: That about the aoth of April, 1708, John Soley, Esquire, Samuel Slade, James Campfon (with other their Accomplices) by . undue Practices procured a Charter to pass the great Seal, whereby a new Corporation was erected, and the Privilege of electing to Parliament, for the said Borough, was . thereby granted to the Corporation, by that Charter constituted: That on the 12th of May, 1708, the said Charter was brought by Samuel Hunt, Gentleman (who pretended to be Town Clerk under that Charter) to the Guild-hall of the said Borough (the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the said ancient Corporation being the re corporately assembled) where the same was... and it being demanded of the Burgesses by the said Bailiff, if they would ac cept the said Charter, they unanimously refused to accept it, and have not yet accepted the fame; That John Chetle,

Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, sent the Precept for electing a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to one Joseph Tindall (Bailiff under the new Charter) though the Petitioner, John Rock (Bailiff under the ancient Charter) sent the said Sheriff Notice, that he was the Bailiff, and the proper Officer to make the Return: That on the 6th Day of October last the Petitioner,

Rock, caused publick Proclamation to be made within the said Borough (being informed, the Precept was sent to Tindall) that the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, would be on the 11 th of October last; and then the Petitioners did una-nimoufiy elect Salway Winnington to be their Representative, and by Indenture, under their common Seal, accordingly returned him to the said Sheriff; but he refused to accept of the Return, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners Rights: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Return, and Merits of the said Election, for the Borough of Bewdley, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday come-fort-night, the 19th of Decemberinstant.

Then a Petition of Morgan Randyll, Esquire, was Gnilfori . read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Town of Guilford, in Surry, the Petitioner, Denzil Onslow, Robert Wroth,

Esquires, and several others, flood Candidates; and Mr.

Wroth, by notorious Bribery, and otherunlawful Practices,

... to procure Votes, and deter others from voting for the Petitioner; and Mr. John Goodyer, the Mayor, polled several Persons for Mr. Wroth, who had no Right, and rejected divers, that had, for the Petitioner; and he, and Mr. Child, the Town Clerk, shewed themselves very partial against the Petitioner, denying the Petitioner a Scrutiny, and returning Mr. Wroth, without examining the Poll, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Wm. Thompson, of the Middle Temple, Ipfwieh Esquire, was read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was Electiin. a Candidate at the last Election for the Borough of Ipf-w'tch, in Suffolk, and duly elected; yet Sir Wm. Barker, by indirect Means to procure himself elected, has prevailed with Mr. Francis Coleman, Bailiff of the said Borough, to return him, contrary to Justice: And praying such Remedy, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Wm. Gifford, Knight, and Sir James 'Portsnioutl Wijhart, Knight, was read; setting forth, thatat the Elect ion Election.

of

hi

X,

Ita

Vi

£1

oAnn. i 0 Decembris.

409

of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for mouth, the Petitioners, and Sir John , and Sir

Charles Wager, were Candidates: That Henry Seager, Esquire, to^k upon him to act as Mayor at the said Election, and to execute the Precept, though he was not legal Mayor, nor qualified, he being deded Mayor at a Court, summoned by one JoJtfh IVkit rheme, who never ivas a lawful Mayor of the said Borough, he having not taken the Sacrament of the Church of England within one Year next before his Election into the Office of Mayor:

That Thomas Ridge, Esquire, James While, and others, acted, and voted, at the said Election, as Aldermen, and several others, as Burgesses, though they were never duly elected, nor qualified, as such, having never received

the Sacrament, nor taken the Oaths, and subscribed the Tell, as they ought to have done; yet Henry Seager admitted them, and several others, to poll against the Fe-tioners, and rejected several legal Votes for them; yet they were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but the said Seager hat!) unduly returned Sir John Jennings, and Sir Cha. Wager; who, with the said Whttckorne, and their Agents, were guilty of many indi-red Practices in making, and procuring, Votes, and other-will*: And praying the Confederation of the House in the Premises, and such Belief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* federation of the Committee of Privileges and E'edions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and icport the lame, w,tb their Opinion therein, to the House.

dye A Petition of Eduard Southwell, and John Ellis, Section* Esquires, was read; letting forth, that the Bight of eleding Barons, to serve in Parliament for the Port of Rye, in the County of Svjjfe is in the Freemen, duly etiofen by the said Corporation, only: That at the lait Eledi< n Walter Waters, Esquire, the Mayor, admitted several Persons to poll, who were not duly elected Freemen according to the said Constitution, and contrary to several Determinations in the House of Commons; yet the Petitioners were duly elected by the Majority of legal Freemen; but the Mayor hath returned Sir John Norris, and Philips Gibbons, Esquire, in mantled Wrong to the said legal Freemen, and the Petitioners: And praying such Relief therein, as to the House Poall fcem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be reterred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the Houte.

A Petition of John Brener, Esquire, was read; letting forth, that the Petitioner, with Walter Whitfield, and

0B Robot Furnace, Esquires, Hood Candidates for the Town and Port of New Romney, in Kent, to represent them in this present Parliament: That the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, one of the Com-barons for the said Port; but Mr. Furnace, by Bribery, and other undue Pradiccs, prevailed with many of the Electors to vote for him, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner; whereby he procured himself, and Mr. Whitfield, to be returned, in prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee ot Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Vfvninj* A Petition of James St. Amand, Esquire, was read;

EleAiun. setting forth, that at the Election ot Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Stjfex, the Petitioner, Henry , and William Wal-

lis, Esquires, flood Candidates: That Mr. Wallis, by Bribery, and many indirect Practices, procured a Majority of Voices, some of which had no Right to poll; and the Petitioner had a Majority of the legal unbribed Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the Constable (being Mr. Wallis % Tenant) hath returned him, Vol. 16.

and Mr. Goring (who also used illegal Practices, to obtain Votes) in nianifeft Wrong to the Petitioner, and the said Borough: And praying such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Francis Pophans, Esquire, was read; set- Chippenham ting forth, that at the last Election ot Burgesses, to serve Election. in this Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, Sir James Long, Jofipb AJb, Esquire, and the Petitioner, Hood Candidates: That by notorious Bribery, and other il'egal Practices, of Mr. , and his Agents, several Persons were hindered from voting for the Petitioner, and several unqualified Persons were admitted to vote for Mr. Apr, who is returned with Sif James Long, though the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned instead of Mr. Ash; And praying the House to grant him such Relief as they shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections* and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Beale, Esquire, was read; set- Maidftoi* ting forth, that the Petitioner had been chosen a Mem- EUaion. ber, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone, in Kent, by a Majority oflegal Voters, if Sir Robert Marsham (one of the Candidates) and his Agents, had not been guilty of Bribery, and several other indirect Practices; and therefore the Petitioner ought to have been returned: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that 1 hey do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Nathaniel Tray ton, Esquire, was read; E«w«»

setting forth, that at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lewes, in Sussex, the Petitioner, with Tho. Pelham, and Peter Gott,

Esquire.q Hood Candidates: That Mr. Gott, in order to procure Votes, was guilty of Bribery, and other illegal Practices, whereby he procured himself to be returned, though the Petitioner had the Majority oflegal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying the House to appoint a short Day, lor the Petitioner to prove his Allegations.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Reynell, and George , Alhbnrto*

Esquires, was read; setting forth, that at the last Election Ele&oo. of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for in

Devonshire, the Petitioners, Rich. Tuckfield, and Richard L oyd, Esquires, Hood Candidates; where Mr. Lloyd and Mr. Tuckfield, by Threats, Treats, Bribery, and other undue Practices, prevailed upon several Eledors to poll for them; and thereby they procured themselves to be returned by the Portreeve of the said Borough, who behaved himself very partially in their PavouT, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, who had a Majority of legal Eledors, that voted, and would have voted, for them; but the Portreeve refuted to poll divers of them: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and such speedy Relief as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

5 L A Petition

i° Decembr

Ashburtcn

Kle&iou

Ditto.

V eyraouth Lleftion.

Wilton

Election.

A. 1710.

A Petition of Richard Reyn til, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that the Petit toner, ami Roger Tucbfield, Esquire, Colonel Floyd, and Geo. stood Can-

dictates at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for Act.bufton, irt Devon: That to pTOcnre an ttndue Election, and Return, divers indirect Practices Were used by Mr. Tuckfield and Mr. Lloyd, and their Agents: That the Petitioner had a Majority erf legal Electors; yet Peter Fabian, the Portreeve, has not returned him, to his Prejudice: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Paid Petition be referred to the Coii-fideratiort of the Corrimittee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, With their Opinion therein, to the Hdufe.

A Petition of Henry Soper, Aaron Whitebait, Richard Adams, Richard Hojkarfi, Philip Pales, Hugh Smalt, James Border, Robert Gray, Snadracb Writ,

Ford, Richard Ford, Henry Call, and

Veiling, in the behalf of themselves, and several others, Electors of the Borough of Ashbutlon, in the County of Devon, was read; setting forth, that George Courtney and Richard Reynell, EsquireS, were duly . Members, to

serve in this preterit Parliament for the said Borough, and as such, ought to have been returned; blit the Portreeve refuted so to do, and misbehaved himself in the Execution of his Office, refusing to poll those who had a Right, and demanded to poll for Mr. Courtney, and Mr. Reynell, but hath returned Roger ’Tnckfield, and Rithitfd Lloyd, Esquires (Mr. Lloyd being altogether a Stranger to the said Borough till the Day of Election) who by Bribes, Treats, and other unlawful Practices, prevailed on divers Electors to vote for them, who otherwise would have voted against them; all which Proceedings are contrary to the Laws, made in such Cases, and are in Prejudice of the Petitioners Rights: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the COnsideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Wm. Penn, and Richard Jones, Esquires, Windxlfei was read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Ba-rotts, to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Whtekelfett, in Sttjfex, the Petitioners, with Robert Briftvw,

Esqu irt, and Sir Francis Dashwood, stood Candidates: That the Mayor took on him the Office of Mayor, though he was not qualified, not having taken the Sacrament within ' the 'rime limited by Law; and he polled several unqualified Persons against the Petitioners, and refused several to poll for them, that were qualified; and the Mayor,

Sir Fra. Dashwood, and Mr. Bristow, were guilty of r

Bribery, Treating, and Threatening, whereby they procured several Votes; notwithstanding which, the Petitioners had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have beerr returned i but the Mayor refused the fame, and hath returned Sir Francis Dashwood, and Mr. Bristow, in Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Woollqfton, Esquire, was read; Whitchurch setting forth, that Henry Cornish, Frederick Election.

Vernon, Esquires, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates for Members to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton', and the Petitioner was duly elected; but by Partiality of the Mayor, and by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, of the said Mr. Tilney and Mr. Vernon, they obtained a Return, to the manifest Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying the Confederation of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Jnfrc

Auiit

Ibk

Aslft

A Petition of John Ward, and Richard Esquires, was read; setting forth, that the Petitioners (being ihVited) stood Candidates with Anthony Henley, Maurice Ashhy, Captain Littleton, and Wm. Betts, Esquires, at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Boroughs of Weymouth and Mdcomb Regis: That the Pour other Candidates, having united their Interests, used several corrupt Practices, to procure themselves to be efected, and returned: That the Mayor proceeded very’ arbitrarily in taking the Poll, refusing to poll several of the Petitioners Voters, and (among many other partial Expressions) told the Petitioners, he would shew them a new Game at All Fours; and this Partiality of the Mayor encouraged his Officers to insult feme of the Petitioners Voters, who, as they Came to poll, Were beaten back by the Constables, and so polled not at all: And praying, that the House will give the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises, as shall be agreeable to their wonted J office.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; ‘and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Peter Bathuiji, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly elected a feurgefs, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, and ought to have been returned; but Charles MompeJJon and John London, Esquires (the other Candidates) by Bribery, and other undue Practices, procured themselves to be elected, and returned, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

A Petition of James Bulteel, Esquire, was read; set- Tavistock ting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, Sir John Cope, Henry Manaton,

Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That the Petitioner had a Majority of Mr. Manaton, of the Freeholders of Inheritance in Possession, inhabiting within the said Borough, whom only have a Right to elect; yet Mr. John Harvey, the then Portreeve, hath returned,

Mr. Manaton with Sir John Cope: That the Portreeve,

Mr. Manaton, and others, did use illegal Practices, in obtaining, and admitting, several Votes at the said Election, and in procuring the said Return: And praying the House to appoint a short Day for hearing the Matter aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Benjamin Pearks, Alderman and Citizen Worcefo* of Worcester, was read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, EUaioo. with Samuel Swift, and Tho. Wylde, Esquires, were Candidates at the last Election of Members, to serve in Parliament, which commenced on the 17th Day of QElober,

1710, and ended on the 21ft; and, after the Poll was closed, the Court (by Consent of all Parties) adjourned for Three Days, in order to a Scrutiny: That, when the Court was re-assembled, the Sheriff refused the fame, and declared, he would return by the Majority, as the Poll then was; and that, during the time of the Poll, the Sheriff shewed great Partiality, and adjourned the Poll against the Consent of the Petitioner, when he had several Persons in CoOrt, ready to poll for him; and that he admitted Persons receiving Alms, Apprentices, Quakers,

' and

It;’

Kirv j

9 Ann. i — 2° De. 411

and others, who refused to affirm the Abjuration Oath, to rote for Mr. Wylde: by which Means, and by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, Mr. obtained a Majority upon the Poll, and procured himself to be returned: And praying, that a Day may be appointed, for the Petitioner to prove the Allegations of nis Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-^deration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 2° Decembris;

Anno 9* Anne Regime, 17 to.

Pa AYERS.

Answer to A /f 11. Speaker reported, that he, with the House, did AviOreii. Tv A Yesterday attend her Majesty with the Address of

this House; and that thereupon her Majesty was pleased

to give this most gracious Answer: viz.

Rejohed, That an Account be laid before this House, of what Moneys have been paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Funds granted the last Year.

Rejohed, That the Auditors of the Imprefts do lav before this House, a Certificate, how far the Imprest Accomptants have passed their Accounts.

Resolvetd, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that flic will be pleased to give DiredVions to the proper Officers, to lay the said Estimatcs, and Accounts, before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to hey *

Majesty by such Mem ben as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolvetd, Thar an humble Address be presented to her Army ui

Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Directions to 8P»in. the proper Officers, to lay before this House, a State of the Numbers of effective Men, in her Majesty’s Pay, in Spain and Portugal, at the time of the Battle of Almanza, and also a distinct Account of the Numbers of effectice Men, in her Majesty’s Pay, in Spain and Portugal each Year, since the Battle of Almanza.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Gentlemen, Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election, Devize*

I AM extremely well pleased with your Address; and and Matter of the double Return, for the Borough of Election*

1 fully depend upon the A durances, you give me, of Devizes, be put off until this Day l1 ortnight, your concurring in all the Particulars I have recommended to vou. Then the House proceeded farther upon Petitions,

You may depend upon my Care to encourage those, touching double Returns, and controverted Elections,

whose Principles are agreeable to our Constitution ia which had been delivered to the Clerk, pursuant to

Church and State. Orders of the Two last Parliaments.

And a Petition of James Sheppard, Esquire, was read; Honitoa

Thanks od Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be setting so.r(h, that at the late Election of Burgesses for Eleaio*

Answer. returned to her Majesty, for her most gracious Answer to Horn I on, in the County of Devon, Sir Drake, Baro-

their Address. net, the Petitioner, and Sir Walter Baronet, flood

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of Candidates; and divers illegal Practices were used by Sir her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do return and his Agents, to procure Votes against the Pe-

the same to her Majesty. titioner; that the Portreeve polled divers illegal Votes for

Sir , and refused divers legal Votes for the Peti-

Soppfy. Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the tioner; and yet he, and Sir Drake, had the Majo-Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of r’tty of Sir Waller Young, and they only ought to have the Motion, for a Supply to be granted to her Majesty, been returned; but the Portreeve hath made a double the Resolution they had directed him to report to the Return of the Petitioner and Sir Walter with Sir

House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards de- Drake, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice: And praying

livered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was Relief in the Premises.

read, and is as followeth; viz. Ordered, That the fad Petition be referred to the Con-

RejoheJ, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

That a Supply be granted to her Majesty. and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

The laid Resolution being read a Second time; the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Resolved, Nomine esutradicente, That the House doth A Petition of the Potwallers, Inhabitants of the Bo- Ditfq, arrree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That rough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was read; aSupply be granted to her Majesty. fetttng forth, that the R’.ght of eleding Members, to

Rejohed, That this Ileufc will, upon Monday Morn- serve in Parliament for the said Borough, hath ever beer* ing next, resolve itfe’.f into a Committee of the whole in all the Housholders, inhabiting within the said Bo*

House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty. rough. not receiving Alms, who are commonly called

Potwallers: That at the last Election to Parliament the Navy and Rejohed, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Portreeve polled all such Potwallers, without making Array tui- Navy, for the Year 711, be laid before this House. any Distinction in his Poll Book, who paid Scotland Lot,

*"* Rejohed, That an Estimate of the Land Forces, for and who not; nor was any Objection then made to the

the Year 17n.be laid before this House. Potwallers Right; and many of them voted for James

Resolved, That an Estimate of the Office of Ordnance Sheppard, Esquire (one of the Candidates) who declared, for Land Service, for the Year 1711, be laid before this they had as good Votes as any; and by such Eledora House. Sir Wm. Drake and Sir Walter Yonge were duly chosenby

Rejohed, That an Account of the particular Expences a great Majority; but the Portreeve (contrary to all Re-for the Ordinary of the Navy, on the several Heads there- turns before made) hath returned Sir Wm. Drake and of, for the last Year, be laid before this House. Mr. Sheppard, as chosenr by those paying Scotland Lot,

Rejohed, That an Account of the present Debt of and Sir Drake and Sir Walter Yonge, as chosen by the Naw, Upon the respective Heads thereof, be laid the Populacy; thereby endeavouring to subvert the before this House. ancient and uninterrupted Rights of tire said Borough,

Rejohed, That an Account of the Subsidies to her and many of the Petitioners, and thereby debarring Sic Majesty’s Allies, pursuant to the respective Treaties, be Young from fitting in the House: And praying

laid before this House. Relief therein.

Rejohed, That an Account of the present Debt of the Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

Office of Ordnance be laid before this House. referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Vo L. lb.

Hnniton

Election.

Great

Marlow

Election.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Calnt

HJtdion.

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the Petitioners were duly elected, and returned by the the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. proper Officers, under the common Seal of the Borough;

A Petition of Sir Walter Yonge, Baronet, was read; set- but one 6 who took a pretended Poll for Mr.

ting fort!), that at the lust Election of Burgesses for Honi- Bain!on and Mr. Ducket, and who polled several unqua-ton, in Com' Devon, the Petitioner, and Sir Wm. Drake, lifted Persons, hath returned them also, as duly chosen, were duly chosen by an undoubted Majority of legal by Indenture under a Seal, made on Purpose; in Viola-Voters, to represent them in Parliament, and ought to tion of the Rights of the major Part of the legal Voters: have been returned; but John Walter, the Portreeve, And praying the House to take the Premises into their , hath been prevailed upon to make a double Return of Consideration.

the Petitioner, and James Sheppard, Esquire, with Sir Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Wm. Drake; by which Means the Petitioner is hindered sideration of the Committee of Privilcges and Elections; from doing his Duty in the House: And praying the and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report Consideration of the House in the Premises. the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition A Petition of Edward and Geo. Ducket, Cain,

be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Esquires, was read; setting forth, that the Petitioners. and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and re- were duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Par-port the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. liament for the Borough of , and so returned to the

Sheriff of Wilts, by the two Guild Stewards (who were,

A Petition of several of the Burgesses of the Borough by the last Determination of the House, adjudged the of Great Marlozv, in the County of Bucks, in behalf of proper Officers) under the common Seal of the said Bo-themselves, and others, Burgesses of the said Borough rough, by Indenture; but the said Sheriff hath since ac-paying Scotland Lot, was read; setting forth, that at cepted from one Return of Wm. Hedges and the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parlia- Johnson, Esquires; which Return was clandestinely ment for the said Borough, Robert Gray and John Martin, framed by and a Seal affixed to it, and by him

the Constables, behaved themselves very partially on be- delivered to the Sheriff, as the Act and Deed of the Two half of Sir James Etheridge, and George Bruere, Esquire, Guild Stewards, and Burgesses, although Seager was no and admitted several Persons to poll for them, who had Officer of the Borough; and the Return, lb framed, no Right; and Sir James and Mr. Bruere, and their sealed, and delivered, was without the Privity of any Agents, used indirect Practices, and unjustly prevailed more than one of the Burgesses, the Seal, thereto affixed, upon the said Constables to make a double Return of having been damned by the Corporation, it being loft James Chafe, Esquire, and Mr. Bruere, although Mr. Chafe about Three Years since, and the Seal, affixed to the Pe-was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And titioners Return, made in its Head; of all which Matters praying the Justice of the House in the Premises. the said Sheriffhad Notice, yet he hath returned both the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Indentures; whereby the Petitioners are much injured, and sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; deprived of representing the said Borough in this Parlia-and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report ment: And praying, that a short Day may be appointed the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. for hearing the Merits of the said Election, and Return.

A Petition of James Chafe, Esquire, was read; set- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conting forth, that the Petitioner, Tho. Coventry, Esquire, sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Sir James Etheridge, and Geo. Bruere, Esquire, flood Can- and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report dictates at the Election of Members, to serve in this Par- the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. liament for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Busks-, and the Petitioner was duly elected; but by OrdeThat Mr. Calthorpe and Mr. Morley have Ilindo*

the indirect Practices of Sir James and Mr. Bruere, and Leave to withdraw their Petitions, complaining of an the Partiality of Robert Gray and John Martin, Constables undue Election, and Return, for the Borough of Hindon, of the said Borough, they have made a double Return of in the County of

the Petitioner and Mr. Bruere, although Sir James and And the House being informed, from the said Mr. the Petitioner had the Majority of Mr. Bruere, and they Calthorpe, that he waved his Return for the said Borough only ought to have been returned: And praying the Con- of Hindon;

sideration of the House. in the Premises. Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- House upon Monday Morning next, with the double sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Return for the said Borough of Hindon, to amend the and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report fame, by taking off the Indenture, by which the said the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. Reynolds Calthorpe, Esquire, is returned.

A Petition of George Bruere, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in Then a Petition of Thomas Worstey, junior, Esquire, New Malto* this Parliament for Great Marlow, the N umber of Votes was read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly ElectuD* for each Candidate, as they now Hand on the Poll, are, chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for for Sir James Etheridge, 107; for the Petitioner, 74; the Borough of New in the County of York,

for James Chafe, Esquire, 74; for Tho. Coventry, 29: and ought to have been returned; but Wm. Palmes and

That the returning Officers have returned Sir James Wm. Str Esquires, by Bribery, and other indirect: Etheridge, as duly elected, and the Petitioner, and Mr. Practices, have procured themselves to be returned, in Chafe, to have equal Votes: That the Petitioner was Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the duly elected, several Voters for Mr. Chafe not being duly Premises.

qualified, and others were procured to vote for him by Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-illegal Practices: And praying such Relief in the Prc- sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; mises, as to the House shall seem meet. and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. . sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; A Petition of the Out-freeholders, and Borough-men, Ditu>. and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report of the Borough of Malton, in the County of York, was the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. read; setting forth, that, although Mr. Wm, Barton was

the proper Bailiff of the said Borough, yet Nathaniel A Petition of James Johnston, and Wm. Hedges, Esquires, Harrtfon took upon him that Office, and behaved himself was read; setting forth, that at the Election of Bur- very partially for Mr. Palmes and Mr. , and

geffes, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of refused to take the Votes of several qualified Persons,

Calnt, in Wiltshire, the Petitioners, with Edward Bayn- that offered their Votes for Mr. Worjley, and polled fe-

ton, and Geo. Ducket, Esquires, flood Candidates: That veral unqualified Persons for Mr. Palmes, and Mr.

2 1

Keith

lie

! D.

m

I Cjt'f!

1

h

Li

9 Ann.

Aim./; yet Mr. Worjley had a Majonfy of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, though he is not: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House thall feeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Northampton A Petition o f Francis At undell, Esquire, was read;

ia«du>n. setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly elided, and ought to have been returned, a Burgess, to serve in this preUnt Parliament for the Town of Northampton: That several Persons, duly qualified, were refused their Poll for the Petitioner, and others, who had no Right, were admit teJ to poll for Geo. Mount ague, Esquire; by reason whereof, and of Brilrery, and other il.cgal Practices, he hath procured himself to be returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying, that lie may be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of several Freemen, and Housekeepers, of the Town of Northampton, was read; letting forth, that Wm. Wykes, Esquire, hath, by Bribery, Treats, and other indirect Practices, contrary to Law, procured him-felt to be returned a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the said Town, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners Rights and Privileges: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Christ A Petition of Peter Gery, Esquire, was read; setting

Church forth, that the Petitioner, and Wm. Esquire,

EU&ivn. were duly elided Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament

for the Borough of Christ Church, in the County of Southampton-, but Mr. S, the Mayor, refused to poll the Petitioner's Voters; and hath returned Peter Alevs, Esquire, with Mr. , in wrong to the

Petitioner: And praying the Confederation of the House, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Stafford A Petition of Henry Vernon, junior, Esquire, was read;

LUchon. setting forth, that the Petitioner, and Tho. Foley and Walter Ch.txvynd, Esquires, flood Candidates at the Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Stafford: That John Dancer, Esquire, Mayor of the said Borough, refused to poll a great Number of legal Voters, who demanded to poll Tor the Petitioner (who had a Majority of legal Votes) and hath unduly returned Mr. Chetwynd-, who by Bribery, Treats, and Threats, got several Votes, and deterred others from voting for the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ditto. A Petition of several Freemen, and Sons of Burgesses, of the Borough of Stafford, was read setting forth, that at the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for Stafford, Henry Vernon, Esquire, had a greater Number of legal Voters, than Walter Esquire,

and ought to have been returned with Thomas Foley, Esquire, but the Mayor of the said Town arbitrarily refused to poll several for Mr. Vernon, whom he well knew had good Right to vote, and hath falsely returned Mr. Chetwynd, in violation of the Rights of the said Borough, ^nd the Petitioners: And praying the Relief of the House in this extraordinary Cafe.

Vol. IS.

4i3

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petitions be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and That they do examine the Matters thereof, and report the 1 m.e, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

The House divided:

The Noes go lorth:

Tellers for the Yeas,[ ] . 12.

Tollers for the Noe«,^ < 143.

I Mr. Aanficy: j

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Met its of the said E!c<flion be heard at the Bar of this House upon the 20th Day of "January next.

A Petition of Edmund Dummer, Esquire, was read j New setting forth, that the Petitioner, with Gregory Page send Shoraham Nathaniel Gould, Esquires, Hood Candidates at the last Election. Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex: That, by reason of indirect Practices, Mr. Page and Mr. Gouldhtxc procured themselves to be elected, and returned, contrary to Justice, and to the great Prejudice' of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Nightingale, Esquire, was read; Ditto,

setting forth, that the Petitioner, with Gregory,

Esquire, and Nathaniel Gould, Esquire, Hood Candidates at the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for New Shoreham, in Sussex; but by reason of great Irregularities, and indirect Practices, of Mr. Page and Mr. Gould, they have procured themselves elected, and returned; And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Russell Robartes, Esquire, was read; L>ftwithiel setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in Election, this Parliament for Lefiwithiel, in Cornwall, Alexander Jehu, the Mayor, was guilty of many indirect Practices, and admitted Persons to vote for Hugh Forteffcue, Esquire, who (according to the Resolution of the last House of Commons) had no Right to vote, and others also, who were not qualified, and refused several legal Votes for the Petitioner; and hath wrongfully returned Mr.

ForteJ'cue, though the Petitioner had the Majority: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the chief Magistrates, and Assistants, of Ditto, the Borough of Lefiwithiel, was read; setting forth, that, by the Constitution of the said Borough, a new Mayor ought to beeleded every Year; yet one Alexander John hath, by indirect Means, continued in, and acted as Mayor for about six Years; and at the last Election of Members, to serve in Parliament, he was guilty of illegal Practices, in rejeding several legal Voters for Russell Robartes, Esquire, and who were io adjudged by Parliament; and though Mr. Robarts had 18 Votes, and Hugh Fortescue, Esquire, but Three, yet the said Mayor hath returned Mr. Fortescue, in Violation of the Rights of the said Borough: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

M and

2° Decembris.

Ilindon

Return

amended*

Saltalh

Writ.

Queenborough

Election.

Carlisle E lid ion.

Cockermouth

Elidion.

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunes, 40 die Decembris;

Anno 9* Anna: Reginx, 1710.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts.

Sir Cholmley Dereing, Baronet, being chosen a Knight

of the Shire for the County of Kent; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwallj made his Election, to serve for the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the room of the said Sir Cholmley Dereing.

The House proceeded farther upon Petitions touching controverted Elections.

And a Petition of Sir John Jennings, Knight, was read; letting forth, that by gross Bribery, and other undue Prad ices, James Herbert and Tho. King, Esquires, procured themselves to be elected, and returned. Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of H$ueen-borough, in Kent, otherwise the Petitioner had been chosen by the Majority of legal Eledots: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Samuel Gledhill, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of , the Petitioner, Sir James Mountague, and Brigadier wix, were Candidates: That several qualified Persons offered to vote for the Petitioner, and were refused; yet others were admitted to vote for Sir James Mountague, that had no Right; by reason whereof, and by Bribery, and other undue Practices of Sir James, and his Agents, he has got himself returned, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice, who had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Orfeur, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, Nicholas Lechmere, Esquire, Lieutenant General Stanhope, and the Petitioner, Rood Candidates; and Mr. Lechmere and the Petitioner were duly elected, although the Bailiff rejected the Votes of several qualified Persons, who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and polled several Persons, that were unqualified, for General Stanhope, and also rejected several of the Petitioner’s good Votes, upon the Scrutiny; and by the Bailiffs Partiality, and by divers corrupt and undue Practices, used by the Agents of Mr. Stanhope, he is returned with Mr. Lechmere, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

And a Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough Cockermouth of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, on behalf EeiVuun-of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Borough, was read; setting forth, that, by the Custom of the said Borough, their Bailiff is chosen yearly by a Majority of a Jury, impanelled and summoned by the Person, who was Bailiff the Year before, at a Court-leet, held at Michaelmac, and, according to such Custom, a Jury was returned; but they were rejected, and a Bailiff chosen in an irregular Manner: That at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough; by the irregular and corrupt Practices of the pretended Bailiff, and the Agents of Lieutenant. General Stanhope, (who was one of the Candidates) the said Mr. Stanhcpe is returned, although Colonel Orfeur was duly elected; to the great Violation of the Freedom of Elections, and the Rights of the Petitioners, who are thereby deprived of their legal Representative: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and such Relief as shall be thought meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, } 86'

Tellers for the Noes|; o‘$2rp: }l6«-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the said Borough of Cockermouth be heard at the Bar of this House upon the 13th Day of February next.

Mr. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, that Antwerte their Thanks had been returned to her Majesty, for her Addreil*. most gracious Answer to their Address; and that her Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Mr. Secretary St. John also acquainted the House, that their Address, of Saturday last, bad been presented to her Majesty, That Ihe would be pleafod to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, the several Estimates, and Accounts, therein mentioned, and a State of the Numbers of effectice Men in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain and Portugal at the time of the Battle of Almanza, and also a distinct Account of the Numbers of effectice Men in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain and Portugal each Year since; and that her Majesty had been pleated to give Directions accordingly.

Sir John Leake presented to the House (purliiant to ^avr their Address to her Majesty) Estimi*

The Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1711; and also.

An Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 30th of September, 1710.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimate of the Debt of her Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 30th of September, 1710, is in the subsequent Sheet of Paper annexed.

A w

c

r*

o>

Navy Office, 1

loth November, 1710. J

Ay ESTIMATE of the DEBT of her Majesty’s NAVY, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood on the 30th of September, 1710.

VO

Register Office. Particulars. TOTAL. Neat Debt on the 30th of Septum* b*r% 1710.

Before this R Since eign.

Due to the Seamen, that have" been registered, purfoaut to an Act of Parliament on that be- half, according to an Account received from the Commission* en thereof - £. 1. 1U.395 £' ’ d. »99,494 — 2 £. d. 410,889 — 4 £ 1. d. 410,889 —

g

eg'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

00

Tv

Heads of the Naval Eftiaatea

Debts, as they stood 00 the 30th S*ptmbsr9 1710.

Particulars*

Before Since

this Reign.

Due on Bills in the Second Book, namely,*} Pursers Balance Bills, and for Extra-ne- r ceflary-money, Pensions, Half-pays, Sur- > geons, Free Gift, See. occurred before the I late Reign - - - - J

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs:

Due to pay off and difehanre all the^ Bills entered in Course, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary of her Majesty’s Navy, and all other Debts, anting for Stores delivered v into the Yards, upon Contrails, upon which ' no Bills were then made out, together with the Debt of the Out-ports, and for Freight of the Hospital Ships, and Tenders -

To her Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards, 7 for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof)

Seamens’ Wages:

Due to several Men, remaining unpaid") upon the Books of Ships, paid off since this > Reign - - - "

To satisfy such as may call for Wages, due,) on Ships paid off in the iaft Reign - - )

To Ships in Sea Pay -To pay off and discharge all the Bills en-} tered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons’ Ne- f ceflaries. Bounty to Widows and Orphans, ( See. on the Head of Seamen’s Wages - j

Victualing:

Due on Account of victualing her Ma-'i jesty's Navy, according to an Account from > the Commissioners thereof - - -j

Sick and Wounded:

Due for the Service of the Sick and Wounded, and for Subsistence of French Pri foners, as by an Account received from the Commissioners, appointed for these Services: For the Sick and Wounded , For Subsistence of French Prisoners

*. d.

15>4&o 14 8

57*8*4 13 5

73>35 8

£ d.

Remaining on the 30th

1710, in Money, Exchequer Bills, and 1.iU.es, toward* fau.fjing the said Debit.

TOTAL1

In the Hands of the Ekccumis of Sir Thomas Littleton, bte Treasurer of the Navy.

£. «. d.

15480 14 8

'.77S.50* 19

385U3+ -

205,496 8 8

1 *+83i473 -

26.357 5 —

1,709,454 4 7

4,164,644 >9 1

> 1,772*951 7

67,407 10 3 18,488

31

V

5,674.5'7 8 2

1.709,25* 4 7

*5,495 10 10

5,747,844 16

£ d.

98 4-

866 —

7,896 10

*44 2 3

In the Hands of Robe t Walpole, Esquire, prefeniTrea-suri-r of the Navy.

The aforesaid Money, Exchequer B»Hs, and T.illiet, being deduced, the neat Debt, on the 30th Spumb.r, I7IC, was { via.

37,553 9

49,178 4

»4435 15 1

L * d. 14,584 10 8

4,146,443 16 1

,735,876 14 10

*,693,97* 6 5

rRemaining >n the \

615__________< Hands of theirS 84,880 10

(late Treasurer - J

IO

11+119 16 6 81,167 — i t 5*655,535 18 10

Memorandum; Over and above the Sums voted in the Columns of Money remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the other Side, there are the Tallies hereafter mentioned, remaining with them, which were referred for such Uses, as the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, should direct, and are to be reckoned towards satisfying the Debt of the Navy; but, having not been appointed to any of the particular Heads thereof at Michuctmai Iaft, are not placed Uiereto; eis*

In the Hands of the Executors 1 of Sir Thomas Littleton, late >Tallies on Reversions of Annuities -Treasurer of the Navy - J

£. $. d.

13,000 -

, 55*497 *4 On Subsidies, Anno 1710 - 129,250 u 7}

On Candles - - - 93 19 n|

On Malt, Anno 1710 - 29,930 —

On Half-subsidies, Anno 1709 - 183,763 14

’On the 12th 4s. Aid

In the present Tree-7

Purer of the Navy’s (Tallies*/ Hands -J

On the general Mortgage^!

Anno 1707 - . - {

On the general Mortgage, Anno 1708 -

On the general Mortgage, Anno

L 1709

*,3*7

*4*563

8 10

£ * d.

46,483 -

446,13+ 16 9i

- «, 72*

1 4

- 4

5 5

£ 492,617 )6 fi

Cha. Ser tVm. Gifford, Tho. Joinings,

D. Lyid Get, Toilet.

Ann. 4® Decembris.

The ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1711, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordertd. That the Consideration of the said Estimates be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

®°PPly* Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Then the House proceeded farther upon Petitions* touching controverted Elections.

Aberdeen, And a Petition of William , Esquire, was

rAc* read; letting forth, that at the Election of a Burgess, to

oa serve for the District of,

thock, Bricken, and Inverbarvie, held at the Town of Montroffe on the 27th of October last, fames Scot, Prevail of the said Town, did, with John Spence, Clerk to the Meeting, arbitrarily refuse to admit a legal Commission, given by the Town of Inverbarvie, to Wm. Sheppard (who was ready to give his Vote for the Petitioner) to be read, or received; by which Means, and other illegal Practices, the said James Scott procured the said John Spence to return him as a Metfiber for the said District, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the House to appoint a short Day, for the Petitioner to prove the Matter aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election for the said District, be heard at the Bar of this House upon 1 Tuesday, the 23d Day of January next.

ElecUon Petition of Sir Humphry Briggs, Baronet, and Wm.

e ion. Whitmore, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that at the

Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but by Bribery, and other unwarrantable Practices, of Whitmore ASton, and Richard Crefwell, Esquires, they have procured themselves to be returned, in wrong to the Petitioners: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

‘ And then the House adjourned till’ Tomorrow Morning, J'Jine a C)ock.

Martis, 50 Decembris;

Anno 9* Anna Reginas, 1710.

Prayers.

*>ffiney H' H E honourable Francis Robartes, Esquire, being Writ. j| chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Bodmyn, in the County of Cornwall; and also for the Borough of Bcjjiny, in the same County; made his Election, to serve for the Borough of Bodmyn,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bojfuiey, in the room of the said Mr. Robarts.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, and Grand I)eV0B Jury, for the County of Devon, assembled at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the said County, u 1C the Third Day of October, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her Majesty, and of divers other Gentlemen of the same County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of King Charles the 2d, it was enacted, that the Sum of £. 2,000 should be laid out in the Purchase of Lands by the then Justices of Peace, for the publick Uses of the said County, in the said Act mentioned; £. 1,000 thereof certain Justices of the Peace for the said County had then provided, and the other £. 1,000 was added by some Charity-money, given to and agreed for with, the said*Gentlemen; and the said Purchase was accordingly made: That, since that Time, by the Produce thereof, and other Money, Two other Purchases have been made, of £. 2,500 Value; and the Petitioners have a further Sum to lay oyt, but are advised, they cannot safely do it, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to ratify the said Purchases, and to enable the Justices to lay out the Income thereof for the publick Good of the said County, as the Justices shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Wm. Pole and Sir Nicholas Mortice do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Forty thousand Men be employed in the Sea Service, for the Year 17x1, including 8,000 Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £. 4. per Man per ,be

allowed, for maintaining the said 40,000.Men, for 1 hir-teen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds, be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1711.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the ‘ Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- w#y« ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mcam. House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Then the House proceeded farther upon the Petitions touching controverted Elections.

And a Petition of Sir Charles Baronet, was AppUby

read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Members, Decucu. to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of West more land, the Mayor polled tcveral Persons for Thomas Lutwych, Esquire, who had no Right, and refuted several legal Votes for the Petitioner, who had a Majority, and ought to have been returned instead of Mr. Lutwych; who was guilty of Bribery, and other undue Practices, in procuring Votes, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and is an Invasion of the Rights and Privileges of the said Corporation: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

81 Ordered,

9 Ann. 5* Decmbrts. 417

Ordertd. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon,<0 the House.

North umber-. A Petition of William of Park, in the

(and Election. County of Northumberland, Esquire, was read; letting forth, that at the last Election for Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the said County, the Right honourable Algernoon Earl of Forfier,

Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the Agents of the said Earl, by Bribes, Treats, and Threats, procured many Votes at the Election, and thereby hindered and deterred many, that otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner: That by those Means the said Earl obtained a Majority of the Petitioner upon the Poll Book, and is returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief herein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they doexamine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Wmdover A Petition of Richard Crawley, and Edward Sayer, Election. Esquires, was read; letting forth, that the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes at the lall Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of

Wendover, in the County of , and the Petitioners

ought to have been returned; but John Ginger and North, the Con (tables, have returned Sir Roger Hill and Henry Grey, Esquire, who were guilty of Bribery, and other undue Practices: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to die House.

Great A Petition of Sir Thomas , Baronet, and

Wrnlock Richard Lawley, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that

Election. the Petitioners had a Majority of such Persons, as ought to vote, at the Election of Members, to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Great in the County of Salop, and ought to have been returned; but the Bailiff of the said Borough polled great Numbers for Sir Wm. Forester, and George Weld, Esquire, who were guilty of Bribery, and other undue Practices, to procure Votes: And praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein, as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of several Burgesses of the Borough of Great IVunlock, in the County of Salop, residing and inhabiting within the Parish of in the said County,

complaining of an undue Election, and Return, for the said Borough, was read; setting forth, that all the Burgefi'es, residing and inhabiting within the Parish of -lock, have the foie Right of voting for Members to serve in Parliament for that Borough; and by such Sir Tho. Lawley was duly elected, to represent them in this present Parliament; but, in Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and the said Borough, Sir William Forrester, and Geo. Weld, Esquire, procured many Hundreds to be

made Burgesses, who were not resident within the said. Parish, and they were admitted to poll at the last Election; and by such Sir William Forester, and Mr. Weld, were chosen, and they have procured themselves to be unjustly returned thereby: And praying, that the Premises may be examined, and the Petitioners relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Vo 1. 16.

A Petition df Jdkn Barbee, IHquire, Svfe read; ftt*- gt. jret ting forth, that at the Election of ©orgefics, to serve Election. this Parliament for the Borough of St. Joes, in Cornwall, the Petitioner, and John Traed, Elqoire, were duty chosen, and they ought to have been returned; but Richard Pollard, the Mayor, behaved him very partiatly for John Hopkins, Esquire, and polled several for him, who had no Right, and refafed others, that had a Right, and offered to poll for the Petitioner; by reason whereof, and of other undue Practices of the Mayor, and Mr.

Hopkins, and his Agents, Mf. Hopkins is returned, ih Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in thfe Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough Ditto,

of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, on the behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Borough; was read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament, Richard Pollard,

Mayor of the said Borough, arbitrarily reftlfed the Petitioners legal Votes for John Borlaee, Esquire, and admitted several undue Votes for John Hopkins, Esquire; and bath wrongfully returned him, though Mr. was duly elected, and ought to have been returned with Mr. Praed: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Coward, and Wm. Pynfent, Taunton Esquires, was read; setting forth, that at the lall Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for Taunton, in the County of Somerset, the Petitioners, with Sir Francis Warr, and Henry Portman, Esquire, flood Candidates; and the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Francis O/manfton, Mayor of the said Borough, was very partial for Sir Francis, and Mr.

Portman, polling several for them, who had no Right, and rejeding others for the Petitioners, who had good Votes; and Sir Francis and Mr. Portman are returned, as duly elected, to the Petitioners great Wrong: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough Ditto,

of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, on the behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Borough, was read; setting forth, that Sir Francis War, Hen.

Portman, Wm. Coward, and Wm. Pynfent, Esquires,

Hood Candidates at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: That Francis Ofmonton, the Mayor, arbitrarily polled great Numbers of Persons for S ir Fra. Warr and Mr. Portman, who had no Right, and refused to poll several qualified Voters, who offered to poll for Mr. Coward and Mr.

Pynfent, who were duly elected; yet Sir Francis and Mr.

Portman are returned, to the great Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and the said Borough: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Freeholders of the County of Rutland Rutland, on behalf of themselves, and other Freeholders Election. of the said County, was read; setting forth, that at the Election of Knights for the said County, the Candidates $ N were.

Rutland

Election.

Newark

Election.

Anflruther, he. Election.

Kinrofle

Election.

418 50 Decembris. d. 1710.

were, Daniel Lord Finch, John Noel, Richard and PhilipSherrard, Esquires: That the Lord Finch-,

and Mr. Halford, had the Majority of legal Voices; but by reason of the corrupt Practices of Mr. Noel, and his Agents, and by polling several unqualified Persons, Mr. Noel had a Majority of the Petitioner upon the Poll, and is returned with the Lord Finch, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

A Petition of Richard Halford, Esquire, was read; letting forth, that at the Election of Knights for the County of Rutland, the Right honourable the Lord Finch, and the Petitioner, were duly chosen by a Majority of legal Votes; but by the corrupt and undue Practices of John Noel, Esquire (who also was a Candidate) and his Agents, and by polling several unqualified Persons, Mr. Noel obtained a Majority upon the Poll, and is returned with the Lord Finch, in wrong of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the County of Rutland be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday, the 16th Day of January next.

A Petition of Richard Sutton, Esquire, was readfitting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for Newark, in Nottinghamshire, Sir Tho. Willoughby, and the Petitioner, were duly elected, notwithstanding Richard Newdigate, and his Agents, by beating several of the Petitioner’s good Voters, deterred others from coming to vote for him j and by Bribery, and other undue Practices, Mr. Nevodigate hath procured himself to be returned with Sir fho. Willoughby, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises, upon proving the * Matters aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Major General George Hamilton was read; letting forth, that the Commissioners for the Burghs of Anflruther Easier, Pittenweem, Anflruther Wester, Kil-

renny, and Craille, in the County of Fife, did on the 17th of October last meet at Pittenweem, to chuse a Burgess, to represent them in Parliament: That the Petitioner was duly elected for the said District, as appears from the Minutes, taken at the Election: That Three in Five, who could claim any Right to vote, voted for the Petitioner: That, without any Answer made to the Petitioner's Protestations, founded on Law, and Matters of Fact, the Sheriff, and Clerk of the Meeting, have returned Sir John Anflruther alone, without the lead Appearance of aMajoriry: And praying, that the House will examine the Merits of the Election (a pretended Commissioner from Pittenweem being permitted to vote, though he was not elected thereto) and such Relief be given, as shall seem reasonable, for maintaining the Rights of the Commons, and the legal Conditution of Parliaments.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Malcolm, Baronet, was read; fitting forth, that the Freeholders within the Shire of Kinroffe being assembled at Kinrojfe, to chuse a Commissioner to represent them in this Parliament, the Sheriff and his Deputy, and the now returned Member (neither of which had any Right to vote in the said Election) not only protected against all the good Votes there present, but illegally constituted themselves Three the only Meeting of Freeholders, to judge, that none else could be inrolled, to elect at that Meeting, but themselves; all which appears by the Minutes of the Election,

24

annexed to the Petition: That the Petitioner, with Four more, being the only Five unquedionable Votes at the Election, did protest, and infill upon their Right of voting; but the Sheriff, being Precefs, having Authority over his Clerk, did most scandalously admit Three miserable notorious Bankrupts to vote, which the Sheriff himself well knew, he having then Possession of all the Lands they ever had in that Shire; and that the Majority in any case might be secured, a Presbyterian Minister waa likewise admitted, whose Freehold did not consist of the Tenth Part required by Law; and even by these Four same Votes do they justify the Return, against the Petitioner’s Five unquestionable Votes; all which Practices do not only discourage the Attempts of honed Men to serve their Country, but endanger the very Conditution of Parliaments: And praying the House to take into their Consideration this unprecedented Election, and relieve the Petitioner from the Injudice of the said Return, and discourage the like evil Practices for the future.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Shire of Kinrojfe be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday, the 25th Day of January next.

A Petition of Henry Hamilton, Esquire, was read j fitting forth, that the Petitioner was duly elected a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Edinburgh; but Sir Patrick Johnstone (late Provod of the said Town) procured himself to be elected, and returned, though he is incapable of serving, because, by the Conditution of the said Burgh, one of the Merchants, and one of the Trades, of the said Burgh, ought to be chose by Turns, to serve in Parliament, and Sir Patrick Johnflon, being a Merchant, and having served for the said Town in the lad Parliament, ought not to be returned in this, but the Petitioner, who is one of the said Trades, and ought to have been returned; besides which, many other illegal Practices were used for Sir Patrick Johnflon'% Election; for that the eight Deacons, or Heads of the several Companies, or Trades, of the said Town fwho used to vote) came, and offered to take the Oaths, and to vote for the Petitioner; yet Adam Brown, Provod of the said Town, refused to give them the Oaths, or allow them to poll, and refused to make patent the Records of the said Town (though required) to clear several Disputes touching Elections for the said Town; and he admitted several Persons to vote for Sir Patrick, who had no Right, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying, that the House will appoint a Day, for hearing the Merits of Election, and to give such Relieftherein, as shall be agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Keneth Mackeinzie, Baronet, was read; fitting forth, that the Petitioner was duly elected, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Rojfe, and ought to have been returned; but Hugh Refs, the Sheriff, has most irregularly returned Lieutenant General Rojfe, for whom several illegal Practices were used; and divers Persons were admitted to poll for him, who had no Right, and several refused to vote for the Petitioner, who had good Right, and used to vote; which Practices greatly tend to the Petitioner’s Prejudice: And praying, that the House will appoint a short Day, for hearing the Merits of Election, and grant such Relief, as shall be agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of James Murray, Esquire, was read; fitting forth, that at the Election of a Commissioner, to serve in this Parliament for the Shire of Dumfries, the Petitioner was duly elected, as may appear by the Minutes, taken at the Election; the Majority, upon the Poll, being gotten against the Petitioner by the Sheriff’s Influence and Partiality,

Edinburgh

Election.

Rosie

Election.

Dumfries

Election.

rebltt

Elt&ion.

Preston

ticctiou.

D«rby

Election.

5° Decetnbr

419

9 Ann.

Partial itr. and by splitting of Fiwholda, and making A Petition of Wi*. IVickhm, Esquire, was read 1 set-Conveyances, with particular Clauses of Redemption for ting forth, that at the late Election of Members to serve a small Matter; who were admitted to poll, without in this Parliament for the Borough of Hey don, in the taking the Oath of a Freeholder, though required so to County of York, IVm. Esquire*,

1 __a 1_al. li___n __ — onrl tka Pafifinnar ftrwl anrl rh* P^ririnnw

Hcydoo

KltdioD.

do: And praying, that the House will examine the Merits of the said Election, and relieve the Petitioner from the Injustice of these Proceedings.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the said Shire of Dumfriefe be heard at the Bar of this House upon Saturday, the 17th Day of January next.

and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. Pu/they, by Bribery, and indirect Practices, procured Votes, and himself to be returned, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner: And praying the Confederation of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Midhorft

Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be A Petition of 'Thomas Meredyth, Esquire, was read; referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections

setting forth, that the Petitioner, and Lawrence Alcock,

Esquire, were duly chosen Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for Midhurst, in Sujj'ex, and ought to have been returned, they being elected by the Majority of such, as hold by Burgage Tenure, who only have a Right to cleft for the said Borough; but Tho. Pratt, the Bailiff', refuted to poll several good Votes for the Petitioner, and polled several, that were not so, for Robert

Or me, Esquire, whom he hath returned with Mr. Alcock, - -

in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Confide- f!stants 'he M?y°rr Butgefles of the said Corpora

ration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein. t‘on* re^*1 of the Gentlemen of the County of

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be De?6M> freeholders, and Freemen of the said Borough, referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; pioftof the principal Inhabitants, and Freemen, of and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report . ~°wn *>an"* of was read; set-

the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. ting forth, that by the Charter, By-laws, and ancient Con

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Christopher Harris, Esquire, one of the Oakhamptou Members of Parliament for the Borough of Ele&ian,

in the County of Devon, John Shebbere, Thomas Uglova,

Wm. Weekes, principal Burgesses of the said Borough,

John Northmore, Town Clerk there, William Reynells,

Henry Marten, James Earle, and Joseph Goodman, Af-

A Petition of hVm.Morrifone, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that at the lad Election of a Member, to serve in this Parliament for the Shire of Pebles, in North Britain, the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but several Persons were permitted to vote for Murray, Esquire, who had no Right, and several good Votes for the Petitioner were rcfufed; and by Corruption, and other indirect Practices, of Mr. and his Agents, he is returned, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying, that the House will take the Pre-miles into Consideration, and relieve him therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

stitution of the said Borough, no Person can be admitted a Freeman without the Consent of the Mayor, and great-eft Number of the Common Council: That upon the Death of one of their Representatives in Parliament, about 12 Months since, Christopher Tendall, senior, then Mayor of the said Borough, with a few of his Accomplices, in a By-room in an Ale-house, without calling the Town Clerk to his Assistance (who is the proper Officer for administering Oaths) did corruptly procure 135 Persons to be made free of the said Borough, and procured the Oath to be administered by an idle beggarly Person, who had no Right to do it; and the Persons admitted were generally Strangers, many of them

be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Vagrants, Deserters from the Queen’s Service, and others and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report 1ersons, who, by reason of such pretended Freedom,

‘ ‘ ~ - fereen themselves from the A dt for railing Recruits, by

reason of their pretended Right of chusing Members to Parliament; and they, and their Families, claim a Privilege of exercising Trades within the said Borough, to the great Scandal and Impoverishment of the Corporation: That the said Yendall, and several preceding Mayors, by confederating themselves together, have yearly, as they

the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Francis A Esquire, was read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for Preston, in cashire ;but Sir Henry Houghton, by himself, and Agents, did, by Bribery, Treats, Promises, Imprisonment of the

oters, and other undue Practices, procure a Majority purposely to advance the Interest of John

of Votes, and himself to be returned, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Justice in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Lord James Cavendish, and Richard Pye, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, with Sir Richard Leving, and John Harpur, Esquire, flood Candidates at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Derbywhere the Petitioners were duly chosen, and ought to have been returned: That the Petitioners publickly, in open Court, objected against Mr. Harpur's Capacity of being elected, for that he was then High Sheriff of;

Sir Richard

Debbie, Esquire, one of the Members of Parliament for the said Borough, upon whose Account the said 135 Freemen were made, a great many of which were Servants, Waggoners, and Carters, of Mr. by whom Mr.

Dibble was chosen, and refused to make free many, who had good Right to it; and many undue Practices have been used by the said Christopher , and his Accomplices, to exclude their Brethren from being Mayor, who have an equal Right in their turns; all which Practices are contrary to the ancient Rights and Privileges of the said Borough: And praying, that the House will take the Matter into Examination, and that their Rights and Privileges may be preserved in such Manner, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House on Thursday, the First Day of February next.

A Petition of John Haldane, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that on the 27th of October last, the Elections for

Vet he, and Sir Richard Leving, have procured themselves to be returned, though they were guilty of Bribery, the Burghs of Perth, Dundee, St. Andrews, Coupar, and and other undue Practices, to the great Prejudice of the Forfar, came on at Dundee: That George Yeoman, Pro-Petitioners: And praying such Relief in the Premises, voft of did, in a moll irregular Manner, presume

as to the House shall leem meet to judge of the Legality of a Commission, sent from the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Magillracy of St. , and to exclude the Com-

Perth, 4c. Electioa.

be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Vol. 16.

missioner of that Burgh from his Vote in favour of the

Petitioner; and has procured himself to be returned,

in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in

the Premises.

Ordered,

Perth

County

Ele&iom

'Crick lade Election.

Chichester

Election.

Pembroke

Election.

5° becemfois. 1710.

Ordered, That the ConWeratioVi of the said Petition. be ttferrtd to- the Committee of Privileges and Elections* and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of- the Freeholders of the Shire of Perth Wats- read/ setting forth, that at the Election of a Knight, ttifervein this Parliament for the said Shire, the Sheriff Clerk, according to an Act of Parliament in 1681, Concerning the Election of Commissioners for Shires, was requited to call the Votes for the electing a Preces, and Clerk; and a Debate arising, who were the Electors, it #as pretended, that none had Right to vote, but such, as were contained in a certain Lift, given in by the Clerk to the lad Election in June, 1708, bearing the Title of A true and exact Lift of such Freeholders, as were present Act. the- Election in June, 1708: That the Petitioners conceive, the said Lift ought not to be a Rule, to exclude them, because they had not the Opportunity of, being present at that Election, and because it was not a Roll of the Freeholders, made parfuant to the said Act: That many, contained in that Lift, were not present at the last Election, and one, that was present, was left out; and1 Upon these, and many other, Grounds, the Petitioners required the Sheriff Clerk to call their Votes; which he refused to do, and would call none, but those in the said’ Lift, contrary to Law; whereupon the Petitioners protested, and withdrew: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir George Hanger, Knight, was read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, and Edmund Esquire, were duly chosen Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for Cricklade, in and ought to

have beeft returned; but Henry Dennis and John Wells, Bailiffs of the said Borough, refused to poll several good Votes for the Petitioner, and admitted several bad K^otes for Samuel Robinson, Esquire, whom they have returned, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the# House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of 'Thomas Carr, and John Elfon, Esquires, and other Freeholders, Inhabitants, and honorary Freemen of the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, who have Right of voting for Members, to represent the said City in Parliament, was read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, Car and Elfon, being invited to Hand Repre-

fentatives for the said City in this Parliament,....

thereof to the Mayor, who makes the Return; but he, Contrary to Act of Parliament, proceeded to Election sooner, than by Law he should have done; whereby the Petitioners, and others, were, by their remote Distance, deprived of giving their Votes, and the Mayor, of his own accord, upon polling Four or Five Persons only (although there are as many Hundreds, who have Right to vote) returned Two Members of his own setting up, in Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and give such Relief as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

06 Pembroke; but the Mayor’of Pembroke would not permit the Mayor, and divers Burge fief, of Wifton, to vote for the Petitioner, though they had frequently used that Right without Interruption; and the said- Mayor-polled several for Sir Arthur Owen, who had no Right; by means whereof, and by Bribery, and other indirect:

Practices, Sir Arthur Owen has procured himself to be returned/ in wrong to the Petitioner, who had the Majority of legal Votes; that would have polled for him:

And praying- that the House will give him such Relief in the Premises, as shall be just.

Ordered,.That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges-and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, and divers Burgesses, of the Pembrok. ancient Borough of Wifton, in the County of Pembroke, Ele^oa-on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Burgesses of the said Borough, was read: setting forth, that the said Borough is an ancient Borough by Prescription, and their Mayor and Burgesses, and also the Mayor and Burgesses of Tenby, together with the Mayor and Burgesses of Pembroke, have a Right to Vote at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pembroke, and have frequently exercised that Right, and the Mayor of Pembroke has given Notice of such Election; but Sir Arthur Owen, Baronet (to gain the Government of Pembroke wholly into his own Hands) in 1704 procured himself to be elected Mayor (although by the Charters he was not qualified so to be) and so continued illegally for Two Years; during which time, he admitted great Numbers of his Dependants, Tenants, and Servants; who did not live within the Liberties of Pembroke, to be Common Council Men, and Burgesses, thereby intending (contrary to the Charters and By-laws of the said Borough) to deprive the Petitioners of their Right of Election: That Sir Arthur hath procured divers of his Dependants, of mean Fortunes, who were not House-holders in the Town, to be elected Mayors, who have also admitted great Numbers of unqualified Persons, as Burgesses of Pembroke; and the present Mayor, Joseph Rickfov, solicited in the last Election for Sir Arthur, and proceeded to Election, without giving the Petitioners such Notice, as the Law requires; yet they, and others,

Burgesses of Wifton, referring to the said Election, were in a riotous Manner menaced by Sir Arthur Owen, and his Agents, and their Votes were refused for Lewis Wogan, Esquire; by which, and many other, undue Practices, the said Sir Arthur hath procured himself to be returned, and the Petitioners are in danger of losing their just Privilege of voting in Elections to Parliament for ever, unless relieved by the House: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Pratt, Serjeant at Law, was read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was duly elected, and Ma^oroogk ought to have been returned, a Burgess, to serve in this e 10IV Parliament for Marlborough, in; but the Lord Bruce, and James Bruce, Esquire, by dit'ers illegal Practices procured several Electors to vote for them; and the Mayor hath returned them, in wrong to the Petitioner:

And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

j-abei

Lidion

uoioa

A Petition of Lewis Wogan, Esquire, was read; setting. forth, that at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of , the Mayors and

Burgesses of Wifton and Tenby, in the County of Pembroke, have a Right to vote in the Elections of Members so Parliament, together with the Mayor and Burgesses

A Petition of John Lade, Esquire, was read; setting Southwark forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Election. Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. John Cholmley, and Sir Charles Fox, and their Agents, by their Threats, and other indirect Practices,

deterred

ft Ann. 5°Decembris. 421

deterred many Persons from giving their Votes for the referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Petitioner; and by such Means, and difperling scandalous and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report Papers, they have procured themselves to be elected, and the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, returned: And praying the Consideration of the House A Petition of the honourable Sidney Hartley, Peterborough in the Premises, and Relief therein. Mount ague, Esquire, was read; letting forth, that at the E1#a‘ofc

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; City of Peterborough, the Petitioner, and John and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report Hams, were duly elected, and, as such, returned to the the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. Sheriff of the County of Northampton (who refused to

receive the same) by the'Bailiff, appointed by the Dean Bnunber A Petition of several Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the and Prebendaries of Peterborow, who always had the

Election. Borough of Bramber, in Sussex, having Right of Elec- Right to make such Return, without any mannerof Dif-tion of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said putej but the said Sheriff directed his Precept to the Bai-Borough, was read; setting forth, that Thomas Lord Vif- liss of and cauled the same to be delivered

count Windsor, and Windsor, Esquire, his Brother, by to one Robert Smith, who took upon him to return the said arbitrary and illegal Proceedings procured themselves to Mr. and Parker, Esquire, to the She-

be returned Members for the said Borough, to serve in riff, in Violation of the Franchises of the Church of Pe-this Parliament, without being duly elected; whereby ter borough, the Right of Election for the said City, and the Petitioners are deprived of their Right of voting at Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the said Election: And praying such Relief in the Pre- the Prerailcs, as the House shall think just, mises, as to the House shall seem meet. That the Consideration of the said Petition be

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

bo referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

j and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

j the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of several Freemen of the City of , Coventry

Wigtown A Petition of Brigadier John Stuart, Esquire, was read; in behalf of themselves, and many others, was read; Electon4

Election, setting forth, that at the Election of a Commissioner, to setting forth, that before and at the Election of Members

serve in this Parliament for the Shire of Wigtown, there to serve in this present Parliament for the said City, many were Objections and Protestations taken on both Hands, ‘Hcgal Practices, and Riots, were made use of on behalf as they are contained in the Body of the Instruments, and of Tho. Gery, Esquire, who, with Sir Orlando Minutes of Election, in the Clerk’s Hands: That the Edward , and Robert Craven, Esquires, flood

returned Member, finding, the Petitioner would have Candidates; whereby many were deterred from giving the Majority of good Votes, by the powerful, though their Votes according to theirlntentions, and thereby, the unwarrantable, Affifiance of the Sheriff, called in Three Petitioners conceive, they are deprived of one of their Persons off the Street, who had no Fre ehold in the Shire, legal Representatives: And praying the House to take viz. Captain James M'Don? all, John Net Jon, and Ro- the Matter into their Consideration.

bert Dalrymple-, by which‘unprecedented Measure he Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be gained a Majority only of one Vote: That at this Rate referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; the Sheriff is both Mailer of the Election. and Return; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report so that no free Choice can ever be made in those Parts, the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. nor any Petition sent up in Time, to dilcufr the Cnntro- A Petition of Treen, senior, Joseph Mayo, senior, Ditto, vcrly, before the End of the First Sefia >11 of Parliament: l°feph Mayo, junior, William , and James Mayo,

And praying, that the House will make particular Enquiry in behalf of themselves, and others of the Company of into the Premises, and not only relieve the Petitioner, but Fullers, and Freemen, and of Ralph Whitehead, Thomas now in the Beginning take such Measures with the said Clark, Richard Henry Clark, and Tho. Craner,

illegal Voters, and the Sheriff, who projected, and coun- behalf of themselves, and many Scores of other Free-tenanced, such abominable Practices, as may deter all men, of the City of Coventry, was read; setting forth, that others from attempting the like for the future. the Petitioners, and their Mailers before them, have

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this always enjoyed all Privileges, and done all Duties, as

House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account, why Freemen of the said City; but at the Jail Election of

there is no Return for the Shire of Wigtown. Members, to serve in Parliament, the Sheriffs would not

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table suffer the Petitioners to vote (though they have an unin the mean time. doubted Right so to do) under pretence of a Resolution

of the House Commons: That the Petitioners always Peterborough A Petition of the Dean and Prebendaries of the Cathe- used to vote in Elections, and conceive, they can have

Eledioo. drall Church of Peterborough, was read; setting forth, that no other Remedy for the Injury done them, than the

the Petitioners and their Predecessors, ever since the Justice of the House: And praying Relief in the Pre-

Foundation of their Church, have always appointed a mises accordingly.

Bailiff for the Borough and City o f Peterborough, who Ordered, Tha.t the Consideration of the said Petition be

have executed all Precepts, for electing Members to Par- referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections» liament, without any mannerof Dispute: That the present and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report High Sheriff for the County of Northampton (though he the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. was acquainted with the Petitioners Right, and that Mr.

Francis Cole was their Bailiff) directed his Precept to the A Petition of Nicholas Carew, Esquire, was read; set-Bailiff of Nejfeborough(who refused to deliver it to the ting fr»rth>that the Petitioner, with Sir John Clark, was fc, eawB*

Petitioners Bailiff) and he has affixed it to an Indenture duty elected Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the in behalf of Mr. Filzwilliams and Mr. Parker, and re- Borough of Haslemere, in Surrey, and ought to have been turned to the High Sheriff; who received it, and refused returned; but Theophilus Oglethorp, Esquire, by Bribery, to accept the Indenture, and Return, of the Petitioners and other mdiredt Pradhces, procured several Votes, who Bailiff; whereby the honourable Sidney Wortley, Esquire, would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner, and pre-and the said Mr. Filzwilliams, are duly returned, as Mem- vailed with Wm. , the Bailiff, to permit several to bers to serve in this Parliament for the said City: And poll for him, that had no Right, and to return him with praying the House to take the Premises into Considera- the said Sir Clark, in wrong to the Petitioner, and cion, and to give them such Relief, as shall be thought Violation of the Rights of the said Borough: And pray-meet. jug such Relief in the Premises, as to the Justice of the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be House shall seem meet.

Vol. 16. 5° Ordered,

Decembris.

A. 17 io.

Penryn Election.

Huntingdon

Borough

Eie&ion.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Francis Godolphin, Esquire, commonly called Lord Ryalton, was read; setting forth, that at the lad Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, Alexander Pendarvis, Samuel Trefufis, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That Tho. Herle was then Portreeve of the said Borough, and the Precept for Election ought to have been delivered to him by the Sheriff of the said County; but he, to influence the Election, delivered it to Penhallow, who had no Pretence to the said Office, nor had been in Possession thereof for many Years before; yet he took it upon him, and refused several good Votes for the Petitioner, and took great Numbers of bad Votes for the said Mr. Trefufis; who by illegal Practices procured several Votes; and the said Penhalloio hath returned Mr. Pendarvis and Mr. Talthough the Petitioner had more good Votes, than either of them, and ought to have been returned with Mr. Pendarvis: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Wat foil, Jofkua , John Corbett, Thomas Nunn, Griffin Johnson, free Burgesses of, and who have a Right of voting for Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for, the Borough of Huntingdon, was read; setting forth, that E and Page, and Tho. Cotton, Esquires, stood Candidates at the last Election of Members for the said Borough: That Mr. Cotton had the Promises of Voters enough to gain his Election, but that Sidley , Mountague,

Esquire (Father of the said Edward, and who managed for him) and Mr. Page, by Bribery, Threats, and other undue Practices, gained over several Bugerflcs, who promised to vote for Mr. Cotton, which discouraged him from standing out a Poll; by means whereof the Petitioners were deprived of voting in the said Election, as they ought to do: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Hereford

Elediou.

A Petition of Henry Gorges, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Knights of the Shire, to serve in this Parliament for the County of Hereford, the Right honourable James L-ord Viscount John Price, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates:

That Mr. Price, and his Agents, with Samuel Clark, the Receiver General, and other Receivers General, by Bribery, and other illegal Practices, did procure and influence great Number of Votes for Mr. Price, several Hundreds whereof were Copyholders, and Cottagers, not having 40 s.a Year; and further to influence Votes for Mr.

Price, scandalous Libels were printed, and dispersed, reflecting upon the Privileges of the House of Commons; notwithstanding all which Proceedings, the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes of Mr. Price, and ought

to have been returned....

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Mason, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in ^eion this present Parliament for the Borough of CaJUe,

in the County of Salop, the Petitioner, Robert Raymond, Esquire (now Sir Robert') and Richard Homage, Esquire, stood Candidates; that the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned with Sir Robert Raymond; but by Bribery, Menaces, and Treats, of Mr.-Harnage, and his Agents, they procured a Majority of Votes, whereby Mr. Harnage was returned, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to give him such speedy Relief therein, as to the the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report-the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Tm

to

s

kH*

Bribery el Elections,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in the Elections of Members, to serve in Parliament; and that Sir Tho. Powis, Mr. Lechmere,

Mr. Ward, Sir Roger Mofyn, and Mr. Auditor Harley, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House (pursuant to their Payment! Address to her Majesty for that Purpose) An Account of into what Moneys have been paid into the Receipt of the Ex- cllt<lu*r-chequer, upon the Funds granted the last Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

ta

'Hil

879,120

s.

d.

Ip

ON the Land Tax for the Year 1710, was paid in, by way of Loan, Y either in Money, or by Exchequer Bills, or by Persons taking Tallies f thereupon, in their own Names, for Bills of Exchange, equivalent tof Money, the Sum of - -- -- - -'

More, by Tallies, levied upon the first Part of the Register for the 1

Land Tax, and reserved to raise ready Money for the most pressing Ser- > 450,000 ----- £. s. d.

vices of the Navy, Ordnance, and Forces )

On the Duties on Candles, and the Rates on Money given with Clerks and Apprentices, there was paid in, by way of Loan, in Manner afore- > said, the Sum of- - - - - -)

On certain Impositions, and other Duties, continued for four Years, Y from the last of July, 1716 (called the 6th general Mortgage) there was > paid in, by way of Loan in like Manner, the Sum of - -

On the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry (to which the SumS of ,£.224,745. 9*. o| d.for the Deficiency of the Year 1708, wasf in the first Place to be transferred) there was paid in, by way of Loan, £ in Money, or Exchequer Bills, the Sum of - - - *3

The Contributions on the Act for the Lottery, which were paid in into-) the Exchequer by the Receivers thereof, in Exchequer Bills, amounted to$ And the Money, or Exchequer Bills, contributed, and paid into the7 Exchequer, on the Act for Sale of Annuities for 32 Years, amounted to$

Total of all Money, paid in upon the Funds of last Year in Man-") ner aforeCud, was - - - - . * * - " v

1,329,120 9 10

87,886 8 10

15*,050 -

N

H

— ----- 1*920 -

— ----- 1,419,568 5 6

— ----- 899>97S — 1

— ----- 3,889,520 4 3

Memorandum.

?1;

.C

1

-i

'j

i.

fT

t

- r-

9 Ann.

5° — 6° — Decembris.

Mmorandumt^t foGdue of the Funds of last Year was supplied by striktng Tallies and issuing the Tallies, so struck, to the Jespective 1 realurers, and Paymasters, to be disposed, or deposited, as the publick Services in their respective Offices should require the fame: The Sum total of the Tallies, so issued, was as followeth; viz.

On the Land Tax for the Year i y io -....

On the Duties on Candles, fcf e.- - -

On the 6th general Mortgage ....

On the Duties on Malt, fcfr. - ....

4^3

550,879

4I2»*3

*»I45>5°2

423>334

10

11

9

10

4

z

u|

Ht

*.53*830 a

Wm. Low.

.6,421,350 6 6-j

Wigtown#

Keum*

Limiting Officers in the Hoo!c.

Ways

and Means-

Prevention of Gaming-

Ways and Means.

Ordered That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 6* die;

Anno 9* Ann® Regina?, 1710. Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order; and being heard in relation to the Return for the Shire of Wigtowne-, and informing the fLul'e, that an Indenture had been tendered to him, but without the Writ; and that therefore he could nor receive it;

Ordered, That the Sheriff for the Siiirc of do

make a Return of the Writ with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Numbers of Officers in the House of Commons; and that Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Downing, Mr. Sir

Richard How, and Mr. Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis,70 die

Anno 9* Annas Regin®, 1710.

Praters.

/ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing excessive and deceitful Gaming; and that Mr. Hunger ford and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, lhat, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, an

Oil 10*

Aid not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, be raised in the Year 1711, upon all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rents, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed) and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the-Treaty for the Union, confirmed by Acts of Parliament, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Thomas Powys, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider Plantation of the State of the Plantations, and Trade1 there, and of Affiur*. the Power and Authority of the Governors thereof, and how the same have been executed; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Robert Mr. Harley,

Mr. Hungeford, Mr. Solicitor General, Colonel Bytrley,

Mr. Ward, Sir Peter King, Mr. Harcourt. Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Freman, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Hc\sham, Mr. Body, Mr. Treby, Mr. Doddington, Mr.

Poles, Mr. Paske, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Henley, Sir Cha.

Hot ham, Mr. Ctefar, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Marfltam, Mr.

Betts, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Coventry, Mr Mr. Laivfsn,

Sir 7 ho. Manfell, Mr. Farrington, Mr. , Colonel Lee, Lord Duplin, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr.

Serjeant Comyns, Mr. Farrer, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr.

Peyton, Mr. Yeoman, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Herne, Mr.

Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Lutwich, Mr. White. Mr. Elliot,

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Har, Mr. Blackmore, Mr. Cotton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five* a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do also consider of the Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Security of the Plantations.

Mr. Granvile prefen ted to the House, pursuant to Army their Address to her Majesty, Estimates,

An Estimate of the Guards, Garisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and the Plantations, and for Sea Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1711; and also.

An Estimate of the 40,000 Men, to ad in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Low , with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1711; and also.

An Estimate of the 20,000 Men, Troops of Augmentation, and of other additional Forces, since taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 17 u.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates arc as follow; viz.

*. ESTIMATE

t

7° Decembr

A. 1710.

424

I. ESTIMATE of the Guards and Garisons, and Land1 Forces, in Great , and the

Plantations, and Sea Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1711.

(First Troop of Guards Second Troop df Guards Third Troop of Guards

Fourth Troop of Guards First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Guards

Dragoons.

' The Queen's Regiment Sir Richard 'Temple's Colonel Kerr's -Earl of HyndftrAs

Lieutenant General -

First Regiment of Guards Second Regiment of Guards -Third Regiment of Guards Colonel kirk's Regiment Major General Livefay's Major General

Lieutenant General Maitland's

Toot. (

UN

cS

O

CO

Lieutenant General Seymours -Lieutenant General Farrington's Lord Mark Kerrs Lieutenant General Mordaunt's Major General Handafyd's ^Colonel Jones's -

Numbers.

l8l

l8l

l8l

181

176

*77

598

443

443

407

407

589

2,283

1»,43

1,467

876

760

876

834

G675

2,289

Four Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas One Company at Newfoundland Three Companies in North Britain

876

876

809

834

95i

834

449

58

93

207

Charge per Annum.

C s. d. 120,808 18 4

81,583 11 8

8,239>1

5,180,1

17.383

807

General and Staff Officers Contingencies, upon Account Garisons -Invalids -

I s. d.

- - - - - 14,410 18 n

- - m - " *3,977 15 5

- - - - - 32,509 — 4

- - m m - 12,103 !5 10

G. Granville.

Total - - £.

*57.425 7 6

459,817 17 6

13,289 10 —

73,001 10 ii

546,108 17 8$

II. ESTIMATE of 40,000 . to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the Allies in the Low Countries,

with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1711.

Horse.

! Lieutenant General Regiment

Lieutenant General Wood's L'eutenant General Lieutenant General Palmer's

L Duke of s

... T Earl of Stair’s

Dragoons. Lieutenant General

Royal Regiment Duke of

Lieutenant General Webb's Lord North and s -Earl of Hertford's -Brigadier Godfrey's Lieutenant General s

Foot.,) Lieutenant General Meredyth's

Major General Sabine's Major General s

Colonel P

Colonel Newton's Colonel WindreJJe's Lieutenant General Erie's Major General s -

£ * d.

122,153 6 8

46,233 6 8

18,459

258,514 5 1®

426,900 19 2

General

9 Ann.

7° Decembr

Genera] Officers -

Contingencies, upon Account -

Forage, and Waggon-money, on Account -

Total for the English f Danes -

te: : ::

[Hanover and Zell

£- s. d.

- 36>*95 — io

- 10,000 -

- 21,680 -

Bread Waggons for the 40,000 Men - For Forage, Waggon-tnoney, and Recruits, for the Foreigners, pursuant to the Treaties, on Account -

T OT AL

G. Granville.

Non abera. Charge per Annum.

.. m m 67,875 — 10

m m 494,776 —

6,000 - 116,282 15 —

532 - 43,018 18 6

3,080 - 53.685

10,000 - 171,329 10 —

21,612

40,071 879,092 3 6

£ /. d.

20,000 — —

20,000 — —

40,000 — —

- £ 919,092 3 6

III. ESTIMATE of the 20,000 Men, Troops of Augmentation, and of other additional Forces, since taken into the Service ot her Majesty and the States General, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1711.

English Foot.

Brigadier Hill's Regiment -

Earl of Orrery....

Brigadier Hony wood's ——

Lieutenant General Macartney's -

Holstein Gottorp.

Two Regiments of Dragoons -

Two Regiments of Foot -

Sax Gotha.

Two Regiments of Dragoons

Two Regiments of Foot -

Munjler.

Three Regiments of Foot -

Hejfe Cahill.

One Regiment of toot ——

OJnaburg.

One Regiment of Foot ——

Ooftline.

One Regiment of Foot ——

Litge.

One Regiment of Dragoons -

Two Regiments of Foot -

One Regiment of Foot more -

Palatines.

Four Regiments of Foot -

Danes.

Surplus of the Danes, part of the 40,000 Men transferred to the7 Establishment of the Troops of Augmentation - - - i

One half for her Majesty -

Which Sum of 1,714,137 Gil. 10 St. at 10 Gil. 10 St. to the Pound-) Sterling, makes - -- -- - -y

s. d.

Bread Waggons for the 10,000 Men - - - 5,000 -

For Forage, Waggon-money, and Recruits, for the") ,

Foreigners, upon Account - - - - 5 9»26° "

Total of her Majesty’s Share of the Troops of Augmentation - -

Numbers.

876

876

876

876

1,116 1,766

S92

1,708

*31

1,596

797

You 16.

3»5° 4

2,882

2,600

2,442

885

807

797

Charge per Annum*

Guilders. St. 667,037 10

578,981 5

488,260 10

3 $*>754 5 122,621 15 110,626 18 113,405 10

5P

*>974 497.5*3 5

2,600 322,321 5

520 *74,75* *7

20,011 3,428,275 —

10,005 I»7*4.*37

m £ s. J. 163,251 3 6

m 14,260

«T *77.5* 3 6

4A6 7* — -8° Decembris. J. 1710.

Numbers. Charge per Annum.

Other additional Forces; Palatines. v Her Majesty’s Share, being Two Thirds of the Charge of Three thousand J Palatines - Saxons. Her Majesty’s-Share, being a Moiety of the Charge of 4,639 Saxons, con-7 filling of Onqjlegiment of Horse, Two of Dragoons, and Four of Foot - 3 Bothmar. Her Majesty’s JShare, being a Moiety of the Charge of a Regiment of Dra--) goons, of 800 Men ----- -j> 2,000 2,319 400 m tm 34.251 13 4 43.251 12 6 9,269 16 6

Her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of the Troops of Augmentation,-) allowed by Parliament, and tyken into the Service in the Year 1709 - - i4>7a4 10,000 264,284 5 10 220,000

Total - - 24,724 484,284 5 10

G. Granville.

Ordered, That the said Estimates be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Trade to Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

America, of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, That they do consider of the Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

Newport The honourable Lieutenant General John,

Writ. auas Webb, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Newport, alias Modena, in the County of Southampton; and also a Burgess for the Borough of in the County of Wilts-, made his JEleftion, to serve for the Borough of Lurgeshall.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, alias in the room of

the said Lieutenant General John Richmond, alias Webb.

HelrtonWrit. George Granville, Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Cornwall-, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Helftoit, in the same County; made his Election, to serve for the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the perk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Helfion, in the room of the said Mr. Granville.

Limiting Mr. Wortley presented to the House (according to Officer* in Order) a Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, the House. by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons} and the same was received, and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Huejrlay Morning next.

Land Tus Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, of Estate who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill, upon the Redouble taxed, solution of the Committee or the whole House, for an Aid of 4 s.in the Pound, that they do provide for the Ease of Protestants, to whom Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are come, which have been doubly taxed.

Public Debt*. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that flie vyill be pleased to give Directions, that an Account of all the publick Debts, unprovided for, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Directions, that an Account of the Exceedings yearly, during the War, more than what was each Year provided for by Parlia-20

ment, with the Causes thereof, and also an Account of what Moneys have been yearly issued for the Use of the Navy, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a-Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Decembris;

Anno 9* Ann* Regime, 1710.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Com- Russian

missioners of the Customs attended, they ware NavalStom, called in, and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, that the Commissioners of the Customs had directed them to present the Accounts, that they are required by several &c.

Acts of Parliament to Jay before this House; viz. The Account of Naval Stores, imported from Raffia, pursuant to an Act, of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Trade to Russia; and also. The Accounts of the prohibited Eqjl India Goods, pursuant to an Act, of the 1 ith and 12th Years of his said Majesty’s Re'ign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom; and also. The Accounts of Corn exported, pursuant to an Act, of the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Wash,. drawn from malted Corn.

And they presented the feme to the House accordingly, and then withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read, and are as follow, viz.

An Account of Naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas, 1709, to Michaelmas, 1710:

An Accounc of Naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Out-ports, from Michaelmas, 1709, to Michaelmas, 1710:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by the old East India Company, which are intitled to Debenture, in a Warehouse at St. Hellens, what exported, and what remains, from September 29th, 1709, to March 25th, 1710; also, An Account of the said Goods, by the old Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, in a Warehouse at St. Helens, what exported, and what remains, from September the 29th, 1709, to March the 25th, 1710; also, An Account of the said Goods, by the united East India Company, in a Warehouse at St.

Helens, what brought in, what exported, and what remains, from September 29th, 1709, to March 25th, x 710:

An

4

9 Ann. 8° Decemhtis.

An Account of the prohibited India Goods, by the new East India Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, and were formerly in a Warehouse at the Steelyard, but since brought to what exported,

and what remains, from September 29th, 1709, to March 25th, 1710; also. An Account of the said Goods, by the united East India Company, in a Warehouse in

Leaden-haV, what brought in, what exported, and what remains, from September 29th, 1709, to March 25th, 1710:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods at her MajeRv’s W arehouse at the Custom-house, London, being the Goods, which were formerly at the Out-ropers Office, what exported, and what remains, from Michaelmas, 1709, to Lady-day, 17x0:

An Account or the prohibited East India Goods, brought into her Majesty’s Warehouse at the Custora-noufe, London, what exported, and what remains, from Michaelmas, 1709, to Lady-day, 1710:

An Account of the prohibited E Goods, by the old East India Company, which were intitled to Debenture, in a Warehouse at St. Hellens, what exported, and wlnt remains, from March 25th, 1710, to September 29th, 1710; also, An Account of the said Goods, by the old Company, which pay only the half Subsidy, in a Warehouse at St. Hellens, what exported, and what remains, from March 25, 1710, to September, 29th, 1710; also. An Account of the said Goods, by the united East India Company, in a Warehouse at St. Helens, what brought in, what exported, and what remains, from March 25, 1710, to September 29th, 1710:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, by the new East India Company, which only pay the half Subsidy, and were formerly in a Warehouse at the Steel-

yard, but since brought to Leaden-hall, what exported, and what remains, from March 25, 1710, to Sept. 29th, 1710; also, An Account of the said Goods, by the united East India Company, in a Warehouse at hall, what brought in, what exported, and what remains, from March 25th, 1710, to September 29th, 1710:

An Account of the prohibited Eod India Goods at the Custom-house, London, being the Goods which were formerly at the Out-ropers Office, what exported, and what remains, from Lady-day, 1710, to Michaelmas, 1710:

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, brought into her Majesty’s Warehouse at the Custom-house, London, what exported, and what remains, from Lady-day, 1710, to Michaelmas, 1710:

An Account of Corn, and other Commodities, exported by virtue of the Liberties, granted by an Act of the last aelfion of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Brydges (from the Office of Ordnance) presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1711; and also,

Ah Account of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Si ores delivered and Services performed, to the 30th of September, 1710.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Estimate and Account are as follow; viz.

I. An E S TIM ATE of the Charge of the Office of her Majesty s Ordnance, for the Year 1711.

For Land Service. s. d.

The Charge of the Flanders Train - - - 45,000 — —

The Ordinary of the Office, comprising Salaries, Rents, Repairs of Storehouses, Barracks,

Platforms, Carriages, and likewise the Expence of Stores for several Garisons, and incident

Charges.....28,273 13 9

For 200 Tons of Salt-pctre, for Supply of the Stores ----- 10,600 -

The yearly Charge of Jamaica - - - - 456 5 —

The yearly Charge of Powder for Portugal, according to the Treaty - 10,974 5 —

The yearly Charge of an Engineer at New York, and of an Engineer, Bombardeers, and other Officers, at New England ----- - 2,34 5 2 6.

The Charge of Stores, lent with Colonel Fetch and Colonel 8,9^9 '6 11

The Charge of the designed Expedition with Major General Maccartney 2,895 17 ill

The Charge of the designed Expedition with my Lord Shannon - - - - * *>95° 1 3

The yearly Charge of Officers, Fireworkers, Bombardeers, Artificers, Gunners, and Matrofles, belonging to the Train in Catalonia ----- - 12,220 2 6

The yearly Charge of Officers, (t?c. at Port Mabone ----- 4,544 5 —

The Charge of Stores for the Train in Spain - -- -- - 10,378 7 2

The yearly Charge of Officers, Engineers, Fireworkers, Bombardeers, Gunners, and Artificers, at Gibraltar ----- - 3,1531 15 —

The Charge of Officers, Bombardeers, Gunners, and others belonging to the Artillery in the North Part of Great Britain --- ----- - 1,475 1 8 9

Tho. Earle, C. Musgrave, 144,675 — - 10

fVm. Bridges, Edw. Ashe, -

J. Craggs.

II. DEBT of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered and Services performed, to the 30th of

September, 1710.

*' s‘

Due to the Artificers, and others, for Stores delivered and Services performed, to the 30th

of Sept. 1710 - -- -- 281,314--

Due to the/fo/ZW Train, for D* - - - 8,726 19 I

Due to the Trains in Spain and at Port Mahone ----- 8,881 0 4I

Due to the Officers at Gibraltar - -- -- - - - 2,491 15 2

Due to Engineers and Storekeepers, at New York, Jamaica, Barbadoes, and Lord Shannon’s Expedition - - - - 3,920 18 6

Due to Fireworkers, tdc. attending the Bomb Vessels in the Mediterranean 890 15 —

Due for Freight of Ships, attending at at Lisbon, Port Mahone, - 5,748 10 if

Due for Salaries, and Rents of Storehouses - 10,736 7 yf

323,710 11 10

Vol. 16. Tallies

Ordnance.

Estimate.

428

8° — 9 °Decembris.

Tallies in the Treasurer of the Ordnance’s Hands j viz.

1710.

On Payable after Sums to be paid*

Low Wines - £. s. d. 614,300 8 3i £. s. d. 28,592 8 6i

Subsidies 1709 387*449 7 n 41,500

D" 1710 484,550 61,460 14 6

'2 r* ^1 0 1 1 a 1 537.546 — 5* 27,206 10 10

jj - - - 580,070 20,000

D° 615,070 20,000 — —

Candles ..... 259*663 — 11 *5*332 *4 li

Exchequer Bills - - 10,238 I 8{

42,000 —

Memorandum: Out of the above Tallies are to be de-?

dufted, for the buying Lands for the Fortifications j And for carrying on the present Fortifications - I3»944 *4

So there remains in the Treasurer of the Ordnance’s Hands Tallies? amounting to - J

Which reduces the Debt of this Office, to the 30th of September, 1710, to

r

2 *4*33° *0 2f

55*944 '4

168,385 16 2 f

£.154,324 15

Land Tax iaid into chequtr.

E

Malt Tax paid into Exchequer.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Agents for Taxes do lay before this House, an Account of what Moneys have been paid into the Exchequer, upon the Land Tax Act for the Year 1710, by the respective Receivers, to the First Day of December Instant, and also, what hath been paid in since that Time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House, an Account of what Moneys have been paid into the Exchequer, upon Account of the Duties upon Malt for the Year 1710, to the First Day of December instant.

Land Tax Ordered, That the Agents for Taxes do lay before this

Arrears. House, an Account, what Arrears are standing out on the respective Land Taxes since the Year 1704 to this Time.

Great Mar- Ordered, That Mr. Chafe have Leave to withdraw his W Election. Petition, touching the Election, and double Return, for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That the Petitioners, the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Great Marlow, have Leave to withdraw their Petition, touching the said Election, and Return.

Ordered, That Mr. Bruere have Leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the said Election, and Return.

And the House being informed that Mr. Chafe waved his Return for the said Borough;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the said Borough of Great Marlow, by taking off the Indenture, by which the said Mr. Chafe is returned.

Supply Bill Land Tax.

Supply-

Mr. Conyers presented to the House according to Order a Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1711 } and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The I-Ioufe (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Wm. Bridges, C. Musgrave,

TAo. Erie, Edw. dfhe,

J. Craggs,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Army Eft*. Majesty, that she will be pleased to give Direction to the bliuimenu. proper Officer, that the Establilliments of all the Land Forces in her Majesty’s Pay, together with the Distributions of the £. 220,000 granted for the Troops of Augmentation, taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General for the Years 1709 and 1710, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

SMatty 90 die;

Anno j* Ann* Reginse, 1710.

Prayers.

SIR John Leake (from the Commissioners of the Admiralty) presented to the House, an Account of the Ships, which have been employed as Cruisers and Convoys in the Year 1710, over and above the Ships of War for the Line of Battle, and for Convoys to remote Parts, prepared in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruisers and Convoys.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That thasaid Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill

Cruisers and Convoys.

9 Ann.

9° — ii® Decembris. 419

Supply Bill 5 A Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised Land Tax. by a Land Tax in Great for the Service of the

Year 1711, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of Shires, and other Members of the House, do, on or before Tuesday Morning next, bring into the said Committee, Lilts, fairly written, of the Commissioners Names, for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and particular Places, for which there hath used to be Commissioners.

Ordered, That it be an Inflruttion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, that no Receivers shall be allowed to return a Super upon any County, Division, or Place, after Three Years, for any Moneys in Arrear, but that the same shall remain a Debt on him, and his Sureties.

Great Mar- The Clerk of the Crown attended (according to Order) low Hcturn and amended the Return for the Borough of Great Mar-amended. in the County of Bucks.

Bribery at Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, £l*dions. who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Election of Members to serve in Parliament, That they have Power to repeal the Oath, to be taken by Freeholders at Elections, pursuant to the Act of the 7th and 8th Year of King ,intituled, "An Act for

44 the farther regulating Elections ot Members to lerve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proccedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing, " and returning, such Members," and to appoint another Oath to be taken by them.

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolvetd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Prize Goods, taken, and carried into any her Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, shall, upon the Importation thereof, be liable to such Duties only, as would have been payable for the fame, upon the Importation thereof into those Colonies or Plantations respectively, in case the Act, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America had not been made.

The said Rclblution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Mr. , and

Mr. Moor, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the State of the Plantations, and Trade there, and of the Power and Authority of the Governors thereof, and how the same have been executed; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; that they do examine into the Matter of the Bonds, given for Customs for Prize Goods, taken in America, and what they amount to; and report their Opinion, what is fit to be done in relation to those Bonds: And that Mr. Freman, Colonel Byerley, and Mr. Scobell, be added to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luncey n° die Decembris;

Mode of determining Election Questions.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That allQuestions, upon Elect ions, and Returns, of Members, to serve in Parliament, be determined by Ballot, if demanded by any Member;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

rp 11 e ., KT (Sir Morice,

Teller for the No«.JMr

So it passed in the Negative.

3$-

247.

Sipply. Mr. Conyers,(according to Order) reported from the

Anno 9® Annae Reginse, 1710.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of Transports attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, The State of the Debt for Transport Service, to the 30th of September, 1710; also, the growing Charge thereon.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said State was read.

And the said State is as followeth; viz.

THERE is due, by the Register, for Transport Bills, issued out and numbered, to be paid in Course, for Freight of Shipping, Provision, and other Necessaries, from the 5th of Jan. 1707, to the 30th of September,

1710; viz.

d'

For Freight of Shipping, hired by the Month to transport her Majesty’s? ..

Forces to Portugal and Spain - - j ’

For Hay, Oats, Bread, Beer, Cheese, Calks, Bedding, Cabbins, Cradles, ? -,

Stabling, and other Necessaries - - - - -J

For Freight of Ships, which transported her Majesty’s Forces to lhiSy?ar - - - ... - - -1 3.«89-

For Interest of the above Transport Bills, to the 30th of September, 1710

Over and above which, there is remaining due, for which no Transport Bills have yet been numbered, or issued out j viz.

For 9 Ships, hired in Ireland, which have transported her Majesty’s Forces ‘ to Portugal and Spain, and are discharged the Service, whose Accounts are not yet adjusted -

For 123 Ships, hired at London, Portsmouth, and Lisbon, by the Month, to transport her Majesty’s Forces to Portugal and Spain, 87 of which were running in Pay upon the 30th of September, 1710

Total Debt for Transport Service upon the 30th of September, into, amounting in the Whole to -

Vol. 16.

5Q.

£‘ t. d.

423,886 10 7

3*>535 3 —

- 3>466 11 3

- 88,384 6 6

- 554,172 11 4

Towards

Plantation

Affairs.

Transport

Debt.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Aaftfrtr to

Address.

43O

11* — 120 Decembris.

Towards1 which, there is remaining in the Hands of the Receiver and Pay-master for Trenfportsi viz.

On the Land Tax *708 . - < . k 4

Half Subsidies 1708 ....

General Mortgage 1709 ... ....

Malt 1710 .....a.

Remaining unprovided for

A. 1710.

£ </.

14,411 8 4*

29,687 10 9$ 10,000 — — 17,139 8 1

7 4*

£. 485.0^4 3 >>l

Mmcfattdm: Upon the 30th September, 1710, there were in her Majesty’s Transport Ser vice, running in Monthly Pay, 87 Ships, the Growing Charge whereof is £. 11,403. 13 per Month - - - . .

Transport Office, Samuel

Dumber, nth, 1710. The.

;l

Growing ptr Month.

£. s. d. 11^03 *3 —

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be periled by the Members of the House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1711.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mf. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made Tome Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejotved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to corvfider farther of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 12° die Decembris;

Anno 9* Ann* Reginas, 1710.

Prayers,

MR. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, that their Addresses having been presented to her Majesty, that foe would be pleased to give Directioiw, that

there might be laid before this House, an Account of all the pubhek Debts unprovided 3 and an Account of the Exceeding! yearly, during the War, more than what was each Year provided for by Parliament, with the Causes thereof; and also an Account of what Moneys had been yearly issued for the Use of the Navy 3 and also the Establishments of all the Land Forces in her Majesty’s Pay, together with the Distributions of the £.220/300, granted for the Troops of Augmentation, taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General for the Years 1709 and 1710; her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay tke said Accounts, and Establi foments, before this House, as deli red.

The House being informed, that the Agents for Taxes Land Tax attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented r

to the House, e, M'

An Account of what Moneys have been paid into the Exchequer, upon the Land Tax Act for the Year 1710, by the respective Receivers, to the First Day of ber instant, and also what hath been paid in since that Time 3 and also.

An Account, what Arrears Ate Handing out on the Land Tat respective Land Taxes, since the Year 1704, to the 8th Arrsar*. of December, 1710.

The laid Accounts are as follow 3 viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled;

(Her Majesty’s Agents for Taxes do humbly lay before this honourable House, an Account of what Moneys have been paid into the Exchequer, upon the Land Tax Act for the Year 1710, by the respective Receivers, to the First Day o 1 December instant, and also what hath been paid in since that Time.

Comities.

Bedford -

Berks -

Bucks - -

Cambridge -

Chester, Denbigh, and Flint Cornwall -

Cumberland and Westmoreland

Derby -

Devon -

Devon -

Doifett - -

Durham, Northumberland, &c.

York -

Essex -

Gloucester -

Hereford - -

Hertford

Huntington -

Receivers. Payments upon the 13th 4#. Aid, Anno 1710, to the 1st December, 1710. Payments upon the same Tax, from lft December, 1710, to nth December, 1710, inclusive.

£' 4 £ *- d-

- Ambrose Reddall - 10,500

- Lawrence Ambrose - 15.85®

- Rogers and Horton - 13,050 — — 2,300 — —

- Thomas Richars ..... 12,472 10 —

Edward Conway - 10,075 17 8*

- Francis Manaton - 5,000 — — 7,000 — —

Tho. Brougham - 1,200 9,693 5 6* 1,000 — —

Samuel Bradfoaw ... 306 14 si

Sam. Burridge ..... Joseph Quafo ..... John and Benj. Derby Francis WyviU - 15,002 9 6 10,018 12 9 1,500

" 16,000 — —

- D* - D* 15,169 it — 5,000 — —

- John Turner ..... 31,545 t6 7

- John Prinn - 21,320

- Sam. Clark - 2,000 — —

- Robert Peter 9f 7,520

JeayandDowfe - / V 1 3,000 4,015 9 6i Kent

9 Ann. vx° Decmbris. 431

Counties. Receivers. Payments upfta the 13th Aid, Anno 1710, tft the lft December, 1710. Payment* upon the same Tax, from lft December, 1710, to 11th December, 1710, inclusive.

£ s. d. (d§

Kent - Oft m to Wm. Fauflett - to 25,010

Lancaster Oft - - to John Thornton - to* 2,500 1,000 — —

Liecester - - - Jarvis Brad gate - 12,628 10 10

Lincoln - - - Vaughan Bonner 5>o0° 5,000 —

Lincoln - - - to Richard Whittineham 10,000 — —

London, Middlesex, tc Westminster Sir Wm. Fazakerly m 52,046. I3»37°

Monmouth - - to James Cafwell -

Northampton - - - to John Cowper - - 9,520

Rutland - - - to Clement Breton 1,380

Norfolk - m - - to Robert Brown - m 8,000 — —

Norfolk - - - Oft to Wm. Pacey 13,000 — to-

Nottingham - - - John Bury - la,7 20 — to-

Oxon m - - Miles Parker 8,000 — —

Salop m m - to Geo. Hosier 6,060 — 7k

Stafford - - - b Sam. Bayly mm 8,740

Somerset - - - to Bernard Hutchins - 14,000 — —

Southampton - - - - Tho. Austin - 12,183 8 9k

Suffolk - - Oft - to Wm. Lynch - I *5>949 4,430 — —

Surrey m - Child and Nuthall - 15,007 6 7

Sussex m - to Peter Gott -

Sussex - - - - John and Wm. Dee 2,212 3 2

Warwick - - «» to Wm. Claridge - - 17,700

Worcester - - - - Robert Longden - 6,000

Wilts - m - - - John Eyles 21,300

North Wales - - - 4ft Caleb Powell -

South Wales - - - Geo. Howells -

Queen’s Houshold to - James Taylor - 1,073 2 I

Scotland - - to - Archibald Douglaft - -

£ 490,447 l6 2 44,922 4 —

Wm. Clayton, Ri.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled 1

Her Majesty’s Agents for Taxes do humbly lay before this honourable House, An Account of what Arrears are . Handing out on the respective Land Taxes, since the Year 1704, to the 8th of 1710.

Counties.

Receivers*

Arrtar.

Her Majesty’s Houfliokl

Land Tax, Anno 1705. James Taylor

TOTAL.

d.

£ j.

11,350 18

d.

3

Lincoln -

Her Majesty's Houshold

Somerset -Her Majesty’s Houshold

Chester, Denbigh, and Flint London, Middklex, & Westminster Monmouth -Surrey -

Worcester

South Wales -Her Majesty’s Houshold -Lancaster -

t

Bedford -

Berks . -

Bucks -Cambridge -Chester -Cornwall -

Cumb’ and Westmoreland -

Vo a. 16.

Land Tax 1706. Wm. Cawthorp, deceased -/a. Taylor -

Land Tax 1707. Goo. Dixon Ja. Taylor

Land Tax 1708. Tho. Lloyd Sir Wm. Fazakerly James Cafwell John Weston Tho. Albert Geo. Howells -Ja. Taylor John Thornton -

Land Tax 1700L Amb. Reddali -Lawr. Ambrose -Rogers and Horton Tho. Richers Edward Conway Fran. Manaton -Tho* Brougham -

5,008 18 iii 11,350 18 3

21,750 -

11,350 18 3

8,096 — —

J>594 — — 3*7S6 6 10,088 — —

4»74r -

4,346 — —

12,368 — —

759 -

59 4 9*

189 18 6

*,637 -

676 -

2,618 17 6 587 -

575 -

*6.359

33,100 18 3

49,748 15 6

Derby

432 i a0 Decembris.

Counties. Receivers. Arrear.

Derby - Sam. Bradshaw - £> s- 661 7 d. Si

Devon - - - Sam. Burridge - - - - 378 *3 JO

Devon m - - Joseph Quafti - - - - 3*4 H 4

Dorset - - - John and Ben. Derby -: . - 127 12 11

Durham and Northumberland - Francis Wivill - - - - 6,464 — ——

York - 3,108 —

Gloucester - - - John Rogers - - - - 246 15 3

Hereford . - - Sam. Clark - I,*45 10 —

Hertford Robert Peters - - - 493 9 Si

Kent - m «» Wm. Fauffet - - 1,>23 *5 6 i

Lancaster - John Thornton - - - 3,421 — —

Lincoln - - - Vaughan Bonner - - - L358 — ——

Lincoln - - - Rich. Whittingham - - - 5*335 — —

London, Middlesex, & Westminster Sir Wm. Fazakerly - - 26,874 17 6k

Monmouth - Ja. Cafwell - - 3.728 9 9i

Northampton - - John Cowper - - 657 ~ —

Norfolk - - Robert Brown - -- - - 2,405 — —

Norfolk - - - Win. Pacey — - - 80 11 61

Nottingham — at - - John Berry - - - 146 17 4

Oxon - - Miles Parker m - - 1,481 10 —

Salop - - - - Geo. Holier - - - 7*393 ~ Si

Stafford - - - Sam. Baily - - 24 2 4

Somerset - - - - Bernard Hutchins - - - 988 5 8i

Southampton - - - Tho. Austin - - 6,662 7 24-

Suffolk - - - - Wm. Lynch . m # 196 2 9i

Surry - - - JihnWefton - - - 10,216 — —

Surry . - Child and Nuthall - - 4>7°5 — —

Sussex - - - Anth. Springet - - - - 5-71* — —

Sussex - - - - John and Wm. Dee - - 2,346 9 —

Warwick - - John Andrews, deceased - - 7,716 i 2

Worcester - - - Tho, Albert - - - - 10,149 — —

Worcester - - - Robert Longden - - 3*48i — —

Wilts . m - - Tho. Beaven - - - 3,472 — —

North Wales - . - Caleb Powell - - - 4,140 16 10

South Wales - - - Geo. Howells - - - 6,986 — —

Queen’s Houshold - - - James Taylor - - 17,037 6 Si

Scotland - " Archibald Douglaffe mm 3,902 17 s

A. 1710.

total.

£. s.

161,039 15

JVb/f — Mr. Malets Debt, late Receiver for Somersetshire, being for the Land Tax, and Sub tidies, 1703, is not

included in this Account.

Neither is Mr. Pacey’s Debt, late Receiver for Suffolk, in regard his Sureties had an Act of Parliament, to compound, though Sir Rickard Allen and Mr. Poke, two of his Sureties, have not paid their Compositions.

Wm. Clayton.

Ri Shordicbe.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Limiting Officers in the House.

The Order, for reading a Second time the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons, being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be now read;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,^* ?'1 } 50.

T*»

So it paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Seven-night.

Member* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Qualification- securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qua* lifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons; and that Sir John Walter, Mr. Freman, Sir John Stone-house, and Mr. Batburfi, do prepare, and bring in, the

Bill.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners of Malt Tax Excise attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, Paid iut0 presented to the House, Exchequer.

An Account of Money paid into the Exchequer, to the First Day of December instant, on the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, (Ac. commencing 24th, 1709, and ending June 23d, 1710; and also,

An Account of Money paid into the Exchequer, to the First Day of December instant, on the Duties on Malt,

Mum, Cyder, (Ac. commencing June 24th, 1710.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow, viz.

Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, (Ac. for the Year, commencing 34th June, 1709, and ending 23d June, 171°.

THERE hath been paid into the 1 Exchequer, on Account of the said I Duties, commencing the 24th of I June, 1709, and ending 23d June,

1710, to the First of December 1710, the Sum of -

456,3*6

s. d. 9

Duties

1

9 Ann. 12° — 130

Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, for the Year, commencing 24th 1710.

THERE hath been paid into the'j Exchequer, on the Account of the said Duties, commencing the 24th / 6,649 3 IO$ Day of June, 1710, to the First Day of December, 1710, the Sum of - '

Phil. Ryley,

Marma. Geo.

Edw. Noel/, Chr. Montagu.

Decembris. 433

Mercurii, 130 die Decembris \

Anno 9* Ann* Regin*, 1710.

Praters.

f\RDERED, That the Bill for securing the Freedom Limiting of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers Officers m in the House of Commons, be read a Second time u(X>n ou e* this Day Seven-night, at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sapply Rill; The Order being read, for the House to relblve itself

Load Tax. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great 1, for the Service of the Year 1711;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a CJaulc of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do provide, that the deficient Orders upon the Land Taxes for the Years 1706, 1707, and 1708, be transferred to the Register for the Act, now passing, for the Year 1711, to be satisfied, with Interest, after the Rate of £. 5 per Centum per Annum, according to the former Acts.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to oblige the Receivers to give an Account quarterly, what Moneys they have received, and what Places are in Arrear.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hedges have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three a Clock:

Cain* And he moved accordingly. That the Books, Papers, Elfdiuu. and Writings, relating to the Borough of Caine, may be left by Mr. Henry Blaake (who hath the same in his Custody) with the CJerk of the House this Afternoon, for Mr. Hedges and Mr. Johnson, or their Agents, to inspect, in order to the hearing of the Merits of the Election for the said Borough Tomorrow before the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Blaake do attend this Evening, at Six a Clock, at the House of the Clerk of this House, with the publick Books, Papers, and Writings, relating to the Borough of Caine, and also Tomorrow Morning, at Nine a Clock, and till the Meeting of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they may be inspected by Mr. Hedges and Mr. Johnson, or their Agents; and that afterwards the said Mr. Blaake do attend the said Committee with the said Books, Papers, and Writings.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Petition of James Bulteel, Esquire, was presented to TavitUck the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner Eledioa. has a Petition depending in the House, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Henry Manaton,

Esquire, for the Borough of Tavifto in Devon: That, since the lodging of the said Petition, one John Edgcomb (who was an Agent at the said Election for Mr. Manaton) and others, have tampered itfith several of the Petitioner’s material Witnesses, endeavouring to seduce them from appearing before the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And praying, that he may be heard at the Bar of the House, and that Justice may be done upon the Offenders.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter of the said Petition, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do examine the Matter of the said

Petition, and hear the Merits of the said Election, upon Thursday, the 18th Day of January next.

Mr. Freman presented to the House (according to Members Order) a Bill for the securing the Freedom of Parliaments, Qualification, by the farther qualifying Members to fit in the House of Commons; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon

Wednesday next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Bewdley her Majesty, that Ihe will please to give Directions to the Charter, proper Officer, that the several Papers, relating to the Charter for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of

Worcester, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of William Malett, Esquire, was presented Malet's to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Debts totbe Parliament, passed in the 7th Year of her Majesty’s ^rown* Reign, to enable the Lord Treasurer to compound with William Malet, Esquire, for the Debt of his Father, for

whom he was Surety, while Receiver General of the County of Somerset, there Was a Mistake 'in the Estimate

of the Debt, mentioned to be in Arrear to her Majesty, whereby the Intention of the said Act is wholly frustrated:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to rectify, and explain, the said Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Orders of the Day being read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Supply.

Vol. 16.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for grant- Land Tax. ing an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1711.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

5 R Mr.

A. 1710.

x 2°_ x 40 — 150 Decemb'ris.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve ittclf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 140 die Decembris;

Anno 9* Ann* Regin®, 1710.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Clayton, of PublicE«bts.

the Exchequer, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of all such public Debts upon parliamentary Funds, as appear in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of her Majesty’s Exchequer, and are not provided for by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

BY an Act, passed in the 9th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting s. d.

" to his Majesty several Duties on Coals and Culm," and of one other Act, passed the same Year, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a quarterly Poll, for One Year," for borrowing £. 500,000, to wit, alter the Rate of £.7 per Cent, per , 100,000, and after the Rate of £. 8 per Cent, per Annum, £. 400,000; upon which said Act there remains unpaid, and unprovided for by Parliament, the Sum of ----- - 9,000-

By an Act, passed in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders," for borrowing 500,000, to wit, after the Rate of £. 5 per Centum per Annum, £. 100,000, and after the Rate ofjf. 6 per Centum per,

£ 300,000 j upon which said Act there remains unpaid, and unprovided for by Parliament, the Slim of - 1*415 4 —

By an Act, passed in the 4th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting an " an Aid to her Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1706," for borrowing £. 1,8 50,000, after the Rate of £. 5. per Cent, per Annum; upon which said Act there remains

unpaid the Sum of . - - - 38,917 12 10

By an Act, passed in the 5th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting an " Aid to her Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year 1707," for borrowing £ 1,850,000, after the Rate of £. 5 per Cent, per Annum; upon which said Act there remains unpaid the Sum of ----- - 59,083 12 6

By an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting " an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great , for the Service of the

" Year 1708," for borrowing £. 1,880,000, after the Rate of £.5 per Cent, per; upon which said Act there remains unpaid the Sum of - -- -- - 18,705 12 10

By an Act, passed in the 7th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for charging,

" and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year " 17*9 upon which said Act there was transferred, at £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, and borrowed at £. 6. per Cent, per Annum, the Sum of £. 650,000; and there (kill remains unpaid thereupon the Sum of ----- 230,898 10 4

Exchequer,

13 December, 1710.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply Bill; Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself Land Tax.’ into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great , for the Ser-

vice of the Year 1711.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning, at Ten a Clock.

Total - - - - £.358,020 12 6

IVm. Clayton.

V<zneris, 150 die Decembris \

Anno 9* Annas Regin®, 1710.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Jett, the Transport Person appointed to register, and pay Interest on. Debt, the Army and Transport Debentures, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of the publick Debt, not provided for. by Parliament, in his Office.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

The

e

The several Specie* of Debenture!. The whole issued. What satisfi*d by the Purchnfe of forfeited EAutes in Ireland. The Residue is the 1 publick Debt unprovided for by Parliament*

On Debentures, made out for Pay and Cloathing the £. s. d. £. s. d.

Army - On Debenture^, made out for One Day’s Pay to '.*27,713 17 4 492,742 13 5 634.973 3 1

Cheljea Hospital- ----- On Debentures, made out for the Transport Ser- 22,423 3 7 3»8 2° 3 3 18,605 — . 4

vice by the late Commissioners for Transp- nation - On Debentures, made out for Transport Service by the late Commissioners for taking anJ determining the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, iAc. over and above the Money due for that Service, for which Debentures were made forth by the said late Commissioners for Transports; viz. On such of them as had an Interest upon them, for Non-payment of Freight within One Month after 298,286 13 3 43,905 15 10 252,380 19 7

Dischatge of the Ship -On such of them, made out by the said late Commission- 74.457 10 4 39,006 18 11 35-45° S

ers of Accounts, as were without any such Interest -On Debenture?, made out by the said late Coinmil-lioneis of Accounts, for Interest of the Debt, due for Transport Service in the Year 1693, from the time the same became due, according to the Charter Party, to the 25th of March, 1702, by Ad 13"° 21,021 12 9 9.645 9 *,376 3 8

14 iVtL.elmi R gi\ ----- On Debentures made out by the said late CommiflLn-ers of Accounts, for the Dutch and otlu r foreign Transjort Ships, employed fur the Kedud.un of 3*.593 11 5 *0,589 1 6 11,004 9 11.

Ireland, by Ad primo Ann* Regin* - 23,728 2 6 361 7 8 23,366 14 to

Examined per me Tho Jett, 1 14th of December, 1710. 1,390.228 13 4 612,071 9 8 j 987»*57 3 8

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

Supply Till; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the LunJ lax. Committee of the whole Hou^c, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1711, was committed; the Amendments they had made to the Bill; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table j where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, as tar as the List of Commissioners Name', for putting the Act in Execution for the Town of;

and the same were, upon the Qutlhon five rally put thereupon (with tome Additions to iome of them) agreed unto by the House.

The said LIII of Commissioners Names for the Town of Cambridge being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, That the Names of Gn'e, Richard Jar dine, Ben. Wat fan, Green,

IVm. Finch, and Jo. be added to the said

Lift;

And the Question being severally put, That the said Tho. Gale, and Richard Jardine, be added to the said Lift; It pasted in the Negative.

Whereupon the adding the rest of the Names to the said Lift was not infilled upon.

And then the said List of Commissioners for the Town

of Cambridge was, upon the Questron, agreed unto by the House.

The List of Commissioners Names for the County of Cambridge, being read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Name ot Martin Hill, Doctor in Divinity, be added to the said Lift;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said List of Commissioners was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unco by the House.

Vol. 16.

The Lists of Commissioners Names, as far as the Lifts for the County of Kent, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The List of Commissioners Names for the County of Kent being read a Second time;

And a Motion bring made, and the Question being put, That Joseph Kirk, Liquire, Mathias Elljuire. James Ma.tott, junior, El quire, and John -

more. Gentleman, be added to the said Lift;

The H nil- divided:

The Yeas go torth:

f Mr. Page, ’(Mr. Chomley: \ 69.

5Sir Chorniy Deering, 7 Mr. Gybbon: }i7°-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said List of Commissioners W'as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Lists of Commissioners Names, as far as the Lift for the County of Nottingham, being several.'y read a Second time, were, upon the Question severaliy put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The List of Commissioners Names for the County of Nottingham being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pur, That the Name of Thomas be added to the

laid Lift;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Lift was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Lists of Commissioners Names, as far as the Lift for the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the fan her Consideranon of the said Report be adjourned till To-inorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Performing

Quanentine.

Devizes Return, &c.

t>fcvi*es

Elefliou.

Candles.

Supply Laud ri

436 i5® — 166 — 18° Decefnbris- A.i'jio.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to oblige Ships, and Persons, cbtning from Places infefted, more effectually to perform their Quarentine; and that Mr. Secretary St. John, Mr. Benson, Sir Tho. Powys, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Gilbert Dolben, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this rtoufe Tomorrow Morning, with the double Return for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, and also with such Orders, and other Proceedings, as are in his Custody, relating to the Mayors, Magistrates, and Justices of Peace, for the said Borough, since the Year 1705.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 16° die Decembris;

Anno 9* Ann* Reginx, 171a Prayers.

THE ftoufe (according to Order) proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Election, and double Return, for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petitions, touching the said Election, were read.

And the Counsel were’heard, and several Witnesses on both Sides examined.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn; And Mr. John Child being offered, as a Witness to what he had heard Mr. Dison say of his Judgment, touching Ten new Votes; which being objected against;

Resolved, That Mr. John Child be admitted to give Evidence of what he has heard Mr. Dison lay of the Elections of Common Council-men, and free Burgesses, that have been at the Devizes since the 20th of April, 1706.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and heard; and other Witnesses examined:

And vthen they withdrew.

Ordered That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunee, 180 die Decembris \

Anno 9# Ann* Regin*, 1710.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according D<vjxei to Order) amended the Return for the Borough R«turu of Devizes, in the County of Wilts. amended.

Ordered, That the Cujos Brevium of the ’Court of uewd| y Queen’s Bench do attend this House Tomorrow Morn- Recoru. ing, with the Records of the Judgment, upon Quo rantor, relating to the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcejer; and that the Secondary, on the Crown Side, of the said Court, do then attend with the Rule Books, and Records, in his Hands, relating to the said Borough; and that the said Officers do also attend with the Records of several Judgments, upon an Information exhibited against Philip Foley, Esquire, and others, and upon another Information against Thomas Smith, and five several other Informations, exhibited against Sheldon Smith, junior, Burl ton, Bar tell, and Mott, and others.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the Borough of Bewdley, by which Anthony Lechmere,

Esquire, is returned, and also with the Returns of Mr.

Herbert, now Lord Hnrbert, and Mr. Cornwall, to serve for the said Borough;

Sir Nicholas Morice(according to Order) presented to Devon the House, a Bill for ratifying Purchases, lately made County with the publick Stock of the County of Devon, and for publlcStock* making farther Purchases, for the Use of the said County, with the publick Stock thereof, and also for regulating, and better Employment of, the publick Stock of the said County; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General have Leave to to attend the Lords in a Cause. attend Lord*'

Inrdl

Qan

And the Counsel were called in again, and heard; and several other Witnesses examined.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Sir Francis Child, Knight, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts j The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for Yeas»{Mr

Tellers for the Noes,| JJr

So is was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That Thomas Webb, Serjeant at Law, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Devizes.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the said Borough of Devizes, by taking off the Indenture, by which Paul Methuen, Esquire, and JoJah Dison, Esquire, are returned.

till. Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the Report x. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 17 11, was committed, be farther adjourned till Monday Morning next.

H

216. J 96

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committ«.

The House (according to Order) proceeded in the Supply Bill; farther Consideration of the Report from the Committee Land Tax. of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 17 n, was committed.

And the Lists of Commissioners Names, for putting the said Act in Execution, as far as the List of Commissioners for the County of Suffolk, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The List of Commissioners Names for the County of Suffolk being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that John Cornellis be added to the said Lift, as a Commissioner;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Lift was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The List of Commissioners Names for the County of Surry being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That John Denton, Geo. V,andyke, Jo. Luke

Loader, Giles Hayward, Jo. Harrison, and Robert Green, be Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act in the said County of Surry;

It passed in the Negative.

9 Ann.

i S - — 190 Detembris.

437

Then the said List of Commissioners Names was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The rest of the said [Jits, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with some Addition of Names to some of the Lifts) agreed unto by the House.

And then the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, wcie severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Parishes of St. John, St. Peter, and Berchington, in the Iffe of Thanet, within the Liberty of Dover, be charged

in Dover Liberty.

And the fune was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 19* die Decembris;

Anno 90 Ann* Regin*, 1710.

Prayers.

IWwdley "A ,1 R. Secretary St. John presented to the Iloufe (pur-<^"rter’ IyJl suant to their Address to her Majesty) several Papers, relating to the Charter for the Borough of -ley, in tVorcefershire ;with a List of them: Which Lift is as follows j viz.

N* I. Copy of the Petition of the Recorder, and major Part of the capital Burgesses, and other the Burgestes.and Inhabitants, of the Borough of ley, praying for a new Charter.

N* II. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Sunderland to Lord Chancellor, referring to his Lordship, and to the Lord Chief Justice Holt, the Consideration of the abovesaid Petition, N* I. dated 26th November, 1707.

N* III. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Sunderland to the Lord Chief Justice Holt, referring to Lord Chancellor, and to himself, the Consideration of the abovesaid Petition, N° I. dated 26th November, 1707.

N* IV. Copy of the Petition of the Bailiff*, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Bewd ley, to her Majesty, praying, that they may not be obliged to accept of any new Charter; with her Majesty’s Order of Reference thereupon to Lord Chancellor, and Lord Chief Justice Holt, dated 18* Jan. 170}.

Memorandum: The Report of the Lord Chancellor and Lord Chief Justice upon the Two Petitions above-mentioned, N* I. and N# IV. was laid before the House of Commons, with other Papers, in February, 170$-, and is still in Mr. Hands, N* V.

N* VI. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Sunderland and

Mr. Boyle to the Lord Herbert of giving his Lordship Notice, that her Majesty thinks fit, upon the Report of the Lord Chancellor and Lord Chief Justice Holt, to grant a new Charter to the Borough of Beivdley, and signifying her Majesty’s Pleasure, that his Lord*

ship do bring to one of their Offic.es a List of 13 Persons, to be the first Bailiff, and capital Burgesses, of that Borough} dated the 6th March, 170

N* VII. Copy of a like Letter ( mutandis) from the Earl of Sunderland and Mr. Boyle to Sal-way Winnington, Esquire, dated 6ch

*7°t*

N* VIII. Copy of the Petition of the Bailiff; and major Part of (he Burgesses, of the Borough of Bewdley, to her Majesty in Council, praying to be heard against passing a new Charter for that Borough.

N* IX. Copy of an Order of Council, directing a Warrant to be prepared for passing a new Charter for the Borough of Bewdley, dated 26th March, 1708.

N* X. Copy of the Warrant for a new Charter for the Borough of Bewdley, dated 10th April, 1708} with a List of the Names of the Bailiff and capital ButgefTcs, to be inferred in the Charter.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Kenoet and other chief Inhabitants, of the Borough Of New- Navigation. bery, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the River Rennet, in Berkshire, from Reading to Newberry, is capable of being nude navigable; which (ifeffnfled) will be of publick Use and Advantage to Trade, Preservation of the Highways, and an Increase of Watermen: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Itiver navigable from Reading to Newbery aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Secretary St. John, Sir John Stonehouse, and Sir Gilbert Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Prvfcrvation the Preservation of white Pine Trees, growing in her of Pine Tree* Majesty’s Colonies of New Hampshire, the Massachusets |P^lant*' Bay, and Province of Main Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganset Country, or King’s Province, and Connecticut, in New England, New York, and New Jersey, in America, for the mailing her Majesty’s Navy; and that Mr. Moulton and Mr. Secretary St.

John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Brydges (according to Order) presented to the Distribution House, of Money for

A Distribution of the £.220,000 granted for the Troops of Augmentation for the Year 1709, and of *"*

£. 50,000 granted for extraordinary Forage, and Carriages, for the Forces in Flanders, in the Winter 1709:

Also,

A Distribution of the £. 220,000 granted for the Year 1710, so far as the Accounts thereof are returned from abroad.

And the Titles of the said Distributions were read.

The said Distributions are as follow;

A Distribution of the £.220,000 granted for the Troops of Augmentation, taken into the Service of her Majesty

and the States General for the Year 1709, as likewise of £. 50,000 granted for her Majesty’s Proportion of the extraordinary Forage, and Carriages, provided for the Forces in Flanders, in the Service of her Majesty, and her Allies, in the Winter 1709, as the same has been already delivered into Parliament, together with an Account of

the Distribution of what then remained unapplied of the said Two Sums; viz.

£ d.

For the Troops of Augmentation, Anno 1709 - -- 220,000 -

For the extraordinary Charge of Forage, Carriages, (s?c. upon Account ----- 50,000-

270,000 — —

Vol. 16.

5S

Disposition.

190 Dmmbris.

DispoGtion.

For the Pay of the said Troops of Augmentation, from the respective Days! of their entering into Service, to the last of December, 1709, N. S. together \ with their extraordinary Expences -

For her Majesty’s Share of extra' Charge of Forage, Car riages, Bread and Bread Waggons, to the End of the Cam*

Eign 1706, by reason of the Length and Lateness of the d Campaign -

for her Majesty’s Share of extra’ Charge of Forage, and Car-7 riage of the fame, during the Winter Quarters 170$- - -3

For the English Foot, in Confederation of the Length of the "I

Campaign 1706, towards providing Camp Equipage for the > 4,067 Soldiers.....j

49,288 2 3

*3 5

8 6

For the Pay of several General Officers, Aids de Camp, And Majors of Bri-' gades, of her Majesty's Subject Troops in Flaudtrs, for the Year 1708, and I J7.09, according to their Commissions, and the Posts, wherein they served.i far which they had no Provision upon the Establishments, or Estimates For the Horses, loft by the English Horse and Dragoons in the Lew Countries, in the Campaigns 1707 and 1708 ——

.A 1710.

s.

126,856 10 —

107,238 4 a 18,686 10 —

2,020 — —

----- 254,801 4 2

Remains, towards answering the Demands of the English Horse and Dra-T goons for Horses, loft in the Battle near Mens, and some other extra’ Charges f and Expences, incurred in the late Campaign, not demanded of Parliament, f by reason the Accounts of the same have not yet been examined, and proved -,) Out of which Sum of £. 15,198. 15 s. there has been paid, fence delivering in the aforesaid Distribution, the following Sums; viz.

For buying Horses for the Regiments of Horse and Dragoons of her Ma- 7 jesty’s Subject Troops in the Low Countries, in the room of those killed and > loft upon Service in the Campaign 1709, pursuant to her Majesty’s Warrant - J For the extraordinary Expence of Ten Battalions, sent from Oqftend, upon 7 the late intended Invasion on Scotland, with their General Officers, pursuant > to like Warrant - ----- - j

And the Remainder, being for some other extra’ Charges and Expences of the War, incurred in the said Campaign, 1709, hath been advanced abroad, upon Account of the Demands of the foreign Troops for Horses, loft in the said Campaign 1709, to enable them to take the Field; but the Accounts thereof not being yet transmitted from abroad, the ekac); State of the said Demajnds cannot be yat laid before the House

15,198 13

4,510 -

2,700 -

7,210 -T-

r-r —: — . "r ,mf

7,986 15 10

A Distribution of the Sum of £.0.9.0,000 granted for the Troops of Augmentation, taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General for the Year 1710, so far as the same yet appears from the Account* tb«®ej»f» tra/ifwtted from abroad; vis.

Prpffiafu. Fpr 12 Mopths Subsidy, ending the 31st December, 1710, N. S. - 68,576 3 9

Saxf^s. . Fot their ordinary Pay for the Year, ending the 2ad December, 1710 33,025 10 nf

For 8 Months Pay to Two additional Saxon Regiments, ending} - ___

the said led December, 1710, by Estimaje - - - - -3 , 9

----- 53,216 — nf

Treves. For a Year’s Pay, ending the said 22d of December, 1710 - 9,441 15 if

r - "y-i--" —

Memorandum: The Accounts of the Demands of the Prwffiansf for Agio, Bread, and Forage, and other Extraordinaries, and the Extraordinaries of the Saxon Troops, and Regiment of Treves, not being yet transmitted from Abroad, the fame is not inserted in this Distribution; to which there is likewise to be added (when the

not yet- fully adjusted.

7* Bytes-

Ordered, That the said Distributions do lie upon the Tablej to be perused by the Members of the House.

Imprest Mr. Auditor //<7r/ey (according to Order) prefeated to Accountants, the House, The Auditors of Imprefts their Certificate, how far the Iwpreft Accomptant-s have passed their Accounts.

And the Title of the said Certificate was read.

The faSd Certtficateris bound up with the other Papers ' of-this Session.

-Ordered; That the said Certificate do lie upon the Table, tob^perused by the Members of the House.

lewdley The House (according to Order) proceeded to the fcHftion. hearing the Matter of the Return, and Merits of the

19

Etc&ion, for the Borough of Bewdlty, in t-he County of WqrceJier.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petitions, relating to the said R.eturA, and Election, were read.

And the Counsel were heard, and several Wjtqefies examined.

And the Petitioners Counsel producing a PqU, taVn by Mr. Rock-, the feme was proved, and ejefired40be read.

But the fitting Member’s Counsel infilling, it ought not to be read, being not taken by the proper Officers;

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the Poll, produced by the Petitioners, be read.

Then

9 Ann,

i 9" — 20* D\

459

Then the Gaunfcl en both Side) we called in Again, same to the Sheriff. And he delivered the said Indenture and heard; and other Witnesses examined on the behalf into the House.

of the Petitioners.

And the Counsel and Witoeffw being withdrawn t

Condi*. Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And the Counsel were again called in, and heard; and other Witnesses were examined:

And they being again withdrawn;

Resolved, That Mr. John Rock was rightful Bailiff of

Bewdley, in the County of Worcester\at the Time of the

Election of a Burgefe, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

Tht f"Pt'on>and other undue Practic«,in'Elections of Mem-

get, to serve in this pr.fe.it PiliMieot for the fold 10 fet u, Parliament; and the same was received, Borough of Bewdley; and ordered to read uP°n Morning next.

It passed in the Negative. A Complaint being made to the House, that there is

Resolved, That Sal-way Winsnngton, Esquire, is duly no Return yet brought in for the Shire of Wigtown, not-

And the Journal of the House, of the a ill of March, i$79. in the same of Radnor, being read

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do amend the fold Return for the Borough of Bfwdiey, by^ taking off the Indenture, by which Anthony Leebmere, Esquire, was returned, and putting on the fold Indenture, by which Solway Wintmgton, Esquire, was returned.

And the Clerk of the Crown amended the said Return accordingly.

Sir Thomas Pbwis (according to Order) presented to dip

House, a Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Cor-

Bribery at Elections.

Wigtowa

Return.

elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bewdley.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the said Borough.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Charter, dated the 20th of April, 1708, attempted to be imposed upon the Borough of Bewdley, against the Consent of the ancient Corporation, is void, illegal, and dcllrudtive to the Constitution of Parliament;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

T'"« (<* 0$£rp . 1 »'J-

\ ,

J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, laying before her Majesty the Resolution of this House; and to desire her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Directions to her Attorney General, to take the proper Methods for repealing the said Charter, and for quieting the said Borough in the Enjoyment of their Rights and Privileges.

Qiiered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Teller, for the Noci.JJJ;

Bewdley

feturn

amended.

Mercurii, 20° die;

Anno Ann* Regin*, 1710.

Prayers.

Ptrformin* li/T R. Lowndes (according to Order) presented to the Quarantine. lVX House, a Bill to oblige Ship*;, coming from Places infected, more effect ually to perform their Quarantine; and the feme was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended (according to Order) to amend the Return for the B>roughof Bewdley; but the House had not given Directions, in what Manner the feme should be amended.

And the House being informed, that one Mr. Samuel Grove attended at the Door with the Indenture of Return of Salve ay Winning! on, Esquire., from Mr. Rock (adjudged by the JHouse to be the rightful Bailiff of the Borough) and who had formerly received the same from the said Mr. Rofk, and had offered the same to the Sheriff of

the County of Wore<$er, which was refuted by him to be

received;

The said Mr. Grove was called in, and at the Bar examined, touching the said Indenture, and his receiving the feme from the said Mr. and Jus tendering the Vox.. 16.

withstanding the Order, of the Sixth Instant;

Ordered, That the Sheriff of the Shire of Wigtown do attend this House upon the 20th Day of January next, to give an Account, why he has not made any Return for the said Shire.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for securing the Freedom of Limiting Parliaments, by limiting (he Number of Officers in the Officer* in House of Commons, be read a Second time Tomorrow, the Hous<* at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill for securing the Freedom of Member* Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to QU(Jifica* fit in the House of Commons, be read a Second time Uon* Tomorrow, after the Bill for limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

An ingrossed Bill for ganting an Aid to her Majesty, Supply Bill; to be raised by a Land Tax in Great , for tjip Ser- LawJ vice of the Year 1711, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereiq» viz.

Prels 119. L. 18, and 19. To leave out " Thomas " Cox, Doctor in Divinity, Wm. Richard

" Bartholomew

And the Quell ion being put, That the said Names Hand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the ferae Press, L. the fell but Three, to leave out 11 the Reverend Dr. Rjchardjon, Rector of And the Question being put, That " the Reverend " Dr- Rickard/on, Rector of G/o/ott," stand Part of the Bill;

The Hopfe divided:

The Noes go forth:

l7

82.

Tellers for the Noes %<r ">

’fMr. Manley:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Rill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Other Amendments were fevetally proposed to be Blade to the Bill; viz.

In the same Press, L. last but Three, to leave out " the " Revpneod Mr. White, Rector of Aifton, tjhc Reverend " Mr. Chctrles Tit lay, Re<ftnr of South the

" Reverend Mb Sfnith, Redfcor of Teagh."

And the Question being severally put. That the said Names do stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press L. After " Griffiths" to add junior,

Esquire

20* — 21* — 12° Decembris.

A’ 1710.

Calot

tlcdion.

F«rforming

Quarantine.

Pr 261. L. t, 4, 3. To leave 'out the Whole, these Words: " Shall be Commissioners for ordering,

" tailing, and laying, the Supply in Scotland, by this Act granted* within and for the feme Shires and Stewartries " respectively:"

The same Press,... To leave out " and insert May

L. After " several" to insert " former."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 17it.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election, and double Return, for the Borough of Caine, be received upon Ffiday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill to oblige Ships, coming from Places infefted, more efLftually to perform their Qua-rentine, be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time

mitted, that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the feme in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table } where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by Limiting limiting the number of Officers in the House of Commons, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Cart,

Trcby:

Tellers for the Noes $ Mr" Ma

tellers for the iNoes, Mf Hun

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the 16th

Officers in the House.

QgaicUtil

Tellers for the Yeas,

*39

76.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers, Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of

the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday, the Ninth Day of January next.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as shall not then attend, be sent for into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

I.otd Hin-

flnnbrooke’*

Mate.

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Moor, Mr. Finch, Colonel B\erly, Sir Jo. Jekyll, Mr. Sharp, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Noel, Mr. Dnckminique, Sir Jac. Banks, Mr. New land, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Lutwich, Mr. White, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Hungerford, Sir Fran. Child, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Jeff of, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Lee, Mr. Bat'iurst, Sir Robert Eden-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex, and all the Maritime Counties, and Cinque Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Eight a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2i° die Decembris;

Anno 90 Ann* Regina;, 1710.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Edward Richard Mount ague, Esquire, commonly called I^ord Hinchinbrooke, and Elizab. Lady Hinchinbrooke, his Wife, Infants, by Daniel

Vim]

L-uj

Call of th» House.

A Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by Member* the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Quallfic* Commons, was read a Second time. tl0M‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the House will, upon Thursday, the 1 ith Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday, the 18th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn" Supply.

Mprrati

iitoli

Cfjfc

CsllH!

Harvey, Esquire, their next Friend, was presented to the ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, House, and read; letting forth, that feme Years since to consider farther of the Supply granted to her the Petitioners intermarried, but the same being without Majesty. the Consent of the Earl of Sandwich (the Petitioner’s Fa-

ther) no Settlement was made, although the Petitioner Elizabeth's, Fortune was f. 12,000. That the said Earl hath since made a Settlement, by Lease'and Release, wherein the Petitioners have joined i but those Settlements being of divers Fee-farm Rents, whereof the Petitioner is Tenant in Tail, expectant on the Death of his Father, by reason of the Petitioner’s Infancy, will not be effectual, without the Assistance of an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming the said Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Page, Mr . Freeman, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Gibbon, and Mr.

Carter, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vzneris, 2 2* die Decembris;

Anno 9* Ann* Regin*, 1710.

Prayers.

Lord Hin-

MR. Page (according to Order) presented to the

House, a Bill for confirming certain Indentures of ebinbiooWjt

Leave

of Abt'vace.

Performing

Quarantine.

Lease and Release, the Release beingTripartite, and made ^ate* between the Right honourable Edward Earl of Sandwich, of the Fit ft Part, the honourable Edward Moun-

tague, Esquire, commonly called Lord Hinchinbrooke, and Ordered, That Mr. Wentworth have Leave to go into Elizabeth Lady Hinchinbrooke, his Wife, of the 2d Part,

the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige. Ships, coming tram Places infefted, more effectually to perform their Quarantine, was com-

and the honourable Sidney , alias Mountague,

Esquire, and other Trustees therein named, of the 3d Part j and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An

9 Ann.

2 2° Decetnbris.

441

Performing Art ingrossed Bill to oblige Ships, coming from Placts That the Counsel for Mr. Johnston and Mr. in-

Qimreuune. Jnfufled, more effectually to perform their Quarcntine, fisted, that the Stewards take their Office by Succession, w as read the Third time. and not by Election: That of Course the senior Burgess

A n ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to the Bill, is senior Steward i and the senior Steward has the Right That the Goods, imported in such Ships, shall, after the to make the Return.

Quarcntine performed, be opened, and aired, in such To prove this, they called several Witnesses;

Places, as her Majesty shall airect by Proclamation. John Ladd; who said, be has been a Burgess Five-and-

And the same was thrice read, arid, upon the Question twenty Years} has lived in the Borough 55 Years; has but thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made served Steward Three times; and that he always took it Part of the Bill. by Turn, as he Rood in the Book, and was never elected:

Then the Amendments following were severally pro- That Stager was the next senior Burgess to him, and

poled to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prcls 1. L. To leave out " until and Pr. 2. L. To leave out and all the Goods Merchandizes therein imported L. # To insert " seized:*

Pr. 4. L. After " Deputy" insert the said Justice of the Peace.

u

accordingly Stagerfucceeded him in the Office of Steward; ana at Candlemas, 1708, he delivered the same Seal and to Stager, which he had delivered to him in the common Hall by the former Steward.

And John Norman laid, he has been a Burgess 2f together with Years, and has known the Borough 40 Years: That he has served the Office of Steward Four times, thrice by

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Succession, and once by Election (which <aft was ro serve severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and a Neighbour out of Turn) and he wa objected to, for the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. being elected: That the Stewards are for One Year, and

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, they seldom continue, unless they do not give up their An Act to oblige Ships, coming from Places infected, Accounts: That Seager has been Steward a I most Three more effectually to perform their Quarcntine. Years, and Simpkins tame in at last.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the John Landick said, he has lived in the Borough above

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Vtrwifk

ElcrtifU.

Go Year*; has been a Burgess above 28 Years; has been twice Steward, and came in both times by Turn.

Philip Gin said, that he was Sixty-six Years old, and

A Petit ion of the honourable Algernoon Grtvilt, Esquire was presented to the House; relating to the late Election was born in the Borough, for the Borough of tVanvick. And the said Four Witnesses,

And (he House taking Notice, that there is not as yet John Ladd, John Norman, John , and Philip

any Certificate come to the Clerk of this House, of any Gin, said, that the Usage is, for the Burgesses to meet rn Return upon the said Election, brought in to the Clerk of the Parish Hall upon Candlemas Day, to iufped the Town the Crown; Book, and declare the Stewards; and as the Burgesses

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Rand in the Book (which is according as they are sworn Until l'uch Cerificate shall be brought in at Ogbom Court) the senior Burgess is always declared

senior Steward, and the next to him junior Steward: That Preffrvati-m Mr. Monckton (according to Order) presented to the the Stewards always take by Succession; and they never «f Piiwlree* House, a B:!l for the Prefeivation of White Pine Trees, knew of any Election, or of any being Steward out of in Plan- growing in her Majesty’s Colonies of Neiv Hampshire, the Turn, but John Norman, about 10 or 12 Years ago, and

utum. Massachusets Bay, and the Province of Main Rbodt Ijlathe Elections, that have been since the late Disputes in

and Providence Plantation, the Narraganfct Country, or the Borough.

King's Province, and Connecticut, in New England, New That the Counsel for Mr. Bayntun and Mr. Ducket irt-Tcrk, and New strJcy, in America, for the Malting her fisted, that the Stewards came in by Election; and that Majesty's Navy; and the same was received. both Stewards mufl make the Return.

That, to prove this, they produced a Copy of the Recall Mr. Freeman (according to Order) reported from the port of the Jafl controverted Election for this Borough, Ek&um. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it in the Year 1705; wherein it is said,

appeared to them, touching the double Return, and Elec- That the Right of Return i6 in the Two Stewards,

tion, for the Borough of Caine, in the County of Halts, And they called

and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which John who said, he had known the Corporation

he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the 40 Years: That he is a Burgess, and has been Steward; Clerk’s Table; where the said Report, and Resolutions, and that he was elected Steward, and it was his Turn to were read, and are as follow; viz. be so: That the old Stewards direct the Hayward to sum-LTpon the double Return for the Borough of Caine, in mon the Burgesses to meet at Candlemas to elect new the County of Wilts, the Petition of ' James Johufon, Stewards: That Timothy Blake and Roger Harding were and H'm. Hedges, Esquires, and the Petition of Ed-Stewards in 1685; and there was Ten between them,

ward Bayntun, Esquire, and Geo. Ducket, Esquire, and none of them refuted: That the Stewards always mutually complaining of an undue Election, and take by Election, and are always declared, before they Return, of each other: take their Office; and the senior Burgess is generally

That the Committee have examined the Matter of the elected Steward: That in 1690 John Goddard was dif-

franchised for refuting to be Steward in Course; and that the Stewards make the Return.

Humphry Townsend laid, that he has been a Burgess Six Years: That the Stewards lerve by Election; and that John Norman was elected out of Turn, about Three or Four Years ago.

That Joseph Simpkins and Fi Brook were elected

said double Return, and also the Merits of the said Election.

That in the Borough are Two Stewards: The senior Steward has the CuRody of the Seal, and the junior the CuRody of the Book.

That the Precept is directed Seneschallis burgi de Caine.

That the Return of Mr. John/Ion and Mr. Hedges is Stewards the 2d Day of February last: That the Sheriffs under the Hand of Richard Seager, Steward; and is men- sent the Precept to them, and they made the Return of tioned to be made by him, and 32 Burgesses therein Mr. and Mr. Ducket.

named; and the old &al of the Corporation is affixed That the 5th Day of May, 1708, an Order is entered to it. in the Town Book (without any Names to it) reciting.

That the Return of Mr. Bayntun and Mr. Ducket is that, whereas John Ladd, one of the late Stewards, had mentioned to be made by the Burgesses; and it is under loft, or at least refilled to produce, the Common Seal, the new Seal of the Corporation, without any Names of therefore it Was ordered and agreed by the Stewards, and Stewards, or Burgesses, in it, or to it. Burgesses, that the then Return of Mr. Bayntun and Mr.

Vo 1. 16. iT Ducket

CalM

Election.

Caine

Election,

Ducket should be made under the new Seal, then produced by Mr. Geo. Forman, one of the then Stewards; and that the same from thenceforth should be esteemed to be the common Seal of the Borough, and the Seal, so loft, never more to be made use of as the common Seal of the Borough.

That there are several ancient Entries of Stewards Names in the same Book: Some are,‘that they were chosen Stewards; others, that they were chosen and elected; and one in the Year 1699, that they were nominated and chosen Stewards for the Year ensuing, according to the Custom of the said Borough.

That it does not appear, any of the said Persons were chosen or elected out of Turn.

That Hajkins's Evidence, upon the last controverted Election for Caine, was, that he had known Caine Forty Years, and Four or Five Elections; and that the Returns were always made by the senior Steward.

That Two Polls were taken at this Election; one by Direction of S eager, and the other by Direction of Simpkins and Brook.

Upon Seager's Poll the Numbers were thus:

34 for Mr. Johnston:

44 for Mr. Hedges:

18 for Mr. Bayntun:

17 for Mr. Duckett:

Upon Simpkins and Brook's Poll they were thus:

17 for Mr. Duckett:

18 for Mr. Bayntun:

13 for Mr. Hedges:

2 for Mr. Johnston:

That the Counsel for Mr. Johnston and Mr. Hedges infilled, that the Borough is an ancient Demesne of the Crown: That the Inhabitants of the Demesne Houses had Right of Common, and owe Suit and Service at

burn-, and that the Right of Ekdtion is in those Inhabitants, Commoners, who are sworn at Ogburn Court.

That the Counsel for Mr. Bayntun and Mr. Duckett infilled, that the Right of Election is in those Inhabitants, who are first clewed Burgesses, presented by Caine Stewards, and afterwards sworn at Ogburn Court.

And it was admitted by the Counsel on both Sides, that, if the Right of Election was in the Commoners, sworn at Ogburn Court, without a previous Election at Cain by the Burgesses, Mr. Johnston and Mr. Hedges were duly elected; and, if the Right was only in those, who were first elected Burgesses at , and presented by the Stewards, and sworn at Ogbur, Mr. Bayntun and Mr. Duckett were duly elected.

That the Voters on both Sides in this Election were sworn at Ogburn.

That the Counsel for Mr. Johnston and Mr. Hedges produced a Copy out of Doomfdav Book, where it is entered, that this Borough was Terra Regis-, and that there were Fi ve-and-Forty Burgenfes, and Five-and-twenty genjes.

r And they examined Witnesses; viz.

Sir George Hungerford-,who said, he had known the Borough Sixty Years; and always took the Right to be in the Inhabitants, having Demesne, and being sworn at Ogburn: That they are usually nominated by the Bur--gestes in Cain Hall, and are presented by Stewards to the Steward of Ogburn Court, to be sworn: That in 1685 Four were so nominated, and presented by the Stew- aids, and sworn: That Mr. Bayntun and Mr. Blaake then brought Twenty more to Ogburne, who were not elected in Caine Hall, or presented by the Stewards of Caine: That Ogburn Steward fworc them, and said, when -sworn there, they had good Votes; and they have ever since been taken as such: That he has served for the Borough Three times, and in 1685 he submitted to the Votes of those Twenty against him; and that he apprehends, every Inhabitant, having Right of Common, has

a Right to be sworn at Ogburn, and, when sworn, they are called Burgesses; and that the Presentment of them

byCaine Steward is only to justify their being Inhabitants, having Right of Common.

18

1710.

John Landrick said, he has been a Burgess 28 Years: That Caine Steward sent to him to go to Ogburn, to be sworn; and if he did not, he told him, he should lose his Right of Common: That there is about Six or Seven Score Common Houses, that have Right of Common in the said Borough; and that those, that were sworn in 1685, have always been taken to be good Votes.

John Norman and John Ladd said, they were Two of the Twenty carried by Mr. Bayntun and Mr. Blaake to Ogburn, and there sworn in 1685: That they were not objected to by Ogburne Steward, nor were they elected Burgesses, nor did they go with the Stewards; and that they have voted ever since, and never been objected to.

That the Counsel for Mr. Bayntun and Mr. Ducket produced the Town Book of Caine, and the Minutes of several Courts Leet at Ogburn, wherein are Entries of le-veral Persons Names, there said to be elected, and sworn Burgesses.

And they examined Witnesses; viz.

Henry Stevenson, Esquire, the Steward of Ogburn

Court; who produced a Copy of the Oath, taken at bttrn 101705; where the Word "Burgesses" (which Word is in the Burgesses Oath) is left out.

Francis Richens said, that IVm. Jeffery and Anthony Pearje were elected Burgesses about 40 or 50 Years ago; and the usual manner is, for the Stewards and Burgesses in Caine Hall first to elect Burgesses, and then fend them to Ogburn, to be sworn: That he never knew it otherwise; and that the Hayward (by Order of the Stewards) summons the Burgesses to meet, to elect Burgesses.

That there are about Forty or 60 Commoners, and near 3 or 400 Houses in Caine; and that he never knew the Burgesses exceed Thirty: That Mr. Blaake's 20, who were sworn in 1685, were first chose at the White Bear at Caine.

Walter Dcleman said, he had known Caine 30 Years; and that he never knew of any Election, but in the Hall: That the Burgesses are summoned to elect: That in 1705 some were refused to be sworn at Ogburn, because they were not returned by Caine Stewards: That different Oaths were then taken; some were sworn only as Commoners, others as Burgesses; and none were sworn Burgesses, unless presented by the Stewards of Caine.

John Minfon said, he was elected, and sworn at Ogburn; the Word " Burgess" was not in the Oath: That he has voted for Members of Parliament twice; and was both times objected to by all the Burgesses.

Henry Blaake, Esquire, said, that he had been acquainted with Caine above 35 Years; has served in Parliament Three Times for the Borough; and that in all his time the way to make Burgesses has been, to meet in Caine Hall, and there to chuse, and to give Notice to thore, who are chosen; and at the next Court they go to Ogburn, to be sworn: That he never heard (till the late Dispute) any pretend to be Burgesses, that were not elected: That, notwithstanding the Two new Charters in 1685, the Ogburn courters elected Members to Parliament, for those Charters were never accepted.

That he, and Sir Geo. Hungerford, went to John Ladd, and several others, and prevailed on them to act, though they were threatened, there being a new Corporation: That in 1685 all the Four-and-twenty went, and were sworn at Ogburn: That they were all elected by Majority of Burgesses: That Sir Geo. Hungerford went with them, was consenting to their being sworn, and would have prevailed on John Ladd to go to Ogburn, to be iworn; and that Part of the Certificate, produced to the Committee, of those Four-and-twenty being sworn at Ogburn, dated the 9th of May, 1685, is of Sir George Hungerford's Hand-writing.

Sir Geo. Hungerford, being called, and confronting Mr. Blaake, said, that only Four of those 24 were nominated by the Burgesses in the Hall: And, being shewed the aforesaid Certificate, he denied, any Part of it to be his Hand.

John Ladd, being also called, and confronting Mr. Blaake, said, that Sir Geo. Hungerford did not come to persuade him to go to Ogburn \ but that Mr. Blaak and ' Mr.

220 Decembris.

EjlbcC

' fat n|

fruStc

\Ur

II-.

9 Ann. 2 29 — -230 443

Mr. Bayntun, about Eleven a Clock at Night sent for

him, logo thither.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee

came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, Tint it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Wilts, is in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, having a Right of Common, and being sworn at Court.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That James Joknflon, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Caine, in the County of Wills.

Refdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Hedges, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to forve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ca/ne, in the County of The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the said Bo ough of Cabv taking off the indenture, by which George Duckett and Esquires,

were returned.

PniC-nnions Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to kjifceC’rowii. per Majesty, that file will be plealed to give Directions to the proper Officer, to lay before this House, an Account of all Prosecutions for Riots, or any other Prosecutions, that have been, at any time since her Majesty’s happy Accession so the Throne, ordered by the Crown, or carried on at the Expence of the Crown, that have concerned any Borough or Place, that hath Right to fend Members to Parliament.

Iffoe of W.it Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her I'rottiju. s. Majesty, that she will please to give Directions to the proper Officers to liy before this House, an Account of all Ndi Prefect's, that have, since her Majesty’s happy Aco.fii-n to the Throne, been entered, or ordered to be entered, to Prosecutions, and what hath been done thereupon; and abb of ail Applications, that have been made to her Majesty for the ilfuing Wiits mandatory, and of a'l Inch Writs, as have issued. or been ordered to issue, by the special Direction of the Crown, with all Papers and Reports, relating thereto, where the said AW Prof, nut's, er Writs mandatory, have concerned any Borough, or Pi. ce, that fends Members so Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Adlrcflls be presented to her Mai-, by by fuel) Members of this House as are of her M.-jefi y’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mcllor and

Mr. Oriehar:

Mr. Speaker,

TWim n;» Ti c L.of's have agreed so the Bill, intituled, An Act: Slu.irnuiitf. o’0]|rr~ S lips, coming from Places infected, more effi dually to perform their Quarentine, without any

A m end men r.

they had come to Two Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, the Third Day of ’January next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow . Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat tty 23* dieDecembris;

Anno 9* Ann® Reginte, 1710.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker doiflue his Warrant Newton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ "rit* for the electing a Burgess for the Borough of in

the County of Southampton, in the room of James Worjley,

Esquire, who, since his being elected a Burgess for the said Borough, hath been by her Majesty appointed Woodward of the New For eft.

Alexander Pendarves, Esquire being chosen a Burgess Saltash for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall\ 'Vrit* and alto for the Borough of Saltafti, in the same County; made his Election to serve for the Borough of Penryn.

Ordered, That Mr- Speaker do ififue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess for the Borough of Saltajk, in the room of the said Mr. Pendarves.

Sir William Drake, from the Commissioners of the Navy Admiralty, presented to the House (pursuant to their Exceeding*. Address to her Majesty) An Account of the Exceedings yearly in the Charge of her Majesty’s Navy, since Michaelmas, 1701) the time the Accounts have been usually stated to) more than what was each Year voted by the House of Commons for the Wear and Tear,

Wages, and Viduals, of 40,000 Men, computed at the Medium of /. r. 7J. a Man a Month, for Wear and Tear,

J..X. IO/. for Wages, and 19 s.for Viduals; as also for the Ordinary of her Majesty’s Navy; with the Increase of the Debts on those Heads in general, successively, from that time to Michaelmas, 1710, with the Reasons thereof.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Bnfv»rv at l us.

Supply,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill for the better preventing Briber)' and Corruption, and other undue Pradiccs, in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the First time.

Pxefdved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the find Committee, that Vol. 1(J.

A Bill for ratifying Purchases, lately made with the Devon publick Stock of the County of , and for miking v

farther Purchases, for the Use of the said County, with U *c 00 the publick Stock thereof, and also for regulating, and better Employment of, the publick Stock of the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Drake, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Peter King, Mr. Hart, Mr.

Ivord Powlet, Mr. Farrer, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Price, Mr. Lechmere, Mr.

Mr. Worjley, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Lewis, Sir Tho. Lee,

Colonel Lee, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Shaker ley, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Cater, Mr. Treby,

Mr. Oglethorpe', and all, that serve for the Counties of Devtn, Cornwall, Somerset, and DorfAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr.

v

444 230 Decembris Januarii. A. 1710.

Supply. Mr. Conylrs (according to Order) reported from the

Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed to be reported to the Hotife; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read, arid are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the 40,000 Men, which were raised, to act in Conjunct ioh with the forces of her Majesty’s Allies, be continued for the Year 1711.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £.919,092. 3J. 6 be granted to her Majesty, for maintaining the said 40,000 Men, for the Service of the Year iyti.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Preservation A Bill for the Preservatfori of Pine Trees, growing in of Pine Trees her Majesty’s Colonies of , the Mafl'achufets

tiou»Unttt' a°d Province of Main Rhode and Providence

Plantation, the Nartaganfet Country, or King's and Connecticut, in New England, New York, and Jersey, in America, for the Mafting her Majesty’s Navy, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bribery at A Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corrtlp-Hechons. tion, and ether undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ,the

nth Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clawfes, for the Esther regulating Elections in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Loras have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Laud Tax. ’ for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1711, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary St.John presented to the House (ac-Navigatiou, cording to Order) a Bill for making the Rivet navigable; and the same was received.

Citrlifle A Petition of Samuel Esquire, a Candidate,

LWuon. an<^ Petitioner, for the City ol Carlisle, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner has brought several Witnesses from Carlisle, to attend his Trial, which is put off by the Committee of Elections tiPl the 12th of March: That the Length of Time is not only very prejudicial to the Petitioner’s, but several of Iris Evidence have been attempted to be bribed, and One Of them is now imprisoned, in order to be transported: And praying, that a (hotter bay may be appointed for the Trial on his former Petition.

Ordered, That tire Consideration of the said Pfetitionbe referred to the Committee of Privileges and Electtoni; and that rhey do examine the Matter thereof arid report tire fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Culue Return The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to ooieuded. Outer) amended the Return for the Borough of Calm, in the County of Wilts.

A Meftage from her Majesty, by Mr. Davis, Deputy Gentleman Ullier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to Royal Assent attend her immediately in the House of Peers. 10

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up, to attend her Majesty accordingly:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Br, for the Service' of the Year 171*: And,

An Act to oblige Ships, coming from Places infefted, more effectually to perform their Quarantine.

And then the House adjourned till the

2d Day of January next, Nine a Clock in the Morning.

Martis, 2* die 'Janiiarii;

Anno 9° Ann* Regime, 1710.

Praters.

A PETITION of several Creditors, Proprietors of

principal Money* Annuities, and Shares, in the Min*

Mine Adventure of England, on the behalf of them- Adventure lelves, and several Widows, and Orphans, Creditors and ComP®n7* Members of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that on the 13th of February, 1709, the Petitioners presented their Petition to this House, setting forth, that they were Creditors of the said Company for a great Sum of Money, which they had been artfully drawn in to advance; and that, without the Assistance of the legislative Power, they could not recover their just Debts; and thereby charged the then Deputy Governor, Sir Humphry Mackworth, and the Directors, with very indirect Practices; the Consideration of which Petition was referred to a Committee; who, upon Examination, came to several Resolutions, and made their Report to the House, now extant upon their Journal; and the Petitioners had Leave to bring in a Bill for their Relief, but had not Time to pass it, by reason of the Conclusion of the then Session of Parliament; and still labour under the same unfortunate Circumstances, and cannot expect any just Relief, without the Assistance of Parliament: They therefore pray, that they may, in their Circumstances and Difficulties, be relieved by the Assistance of the legislative Power, in such manner, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Annefi, Sir Richard How, Mr. Conyers, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Dunr comb, Mr. Baily, Mr. Moor, Mr. Mr. Guy it.

Sir Rich. Leving, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Lee, Mr.

Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Sir Hugh

Paterson, Mr. Benson, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Cefar, Mr. liar court,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Morky, Mr. Tr Mr. Fatrer, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Beltajis, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Ward,

Sir T ho.Manjtll, Mr. Gery, Mr. Foley, Mr. Herne, Mr.

Effmgton, Mr. Attorney General; and all, that lerve for the Counties of Fork, Cornwall, and the Principality of Walts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that the Return for the Shire of Wigtown is brought in; Wigtown

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Election, put, That the Sheriff of Wigtown be discharged of his Attendance upon this House, that has been ordered;

It passed in the Negative.

Then

9 Ann.

Then the Petition of Brigadier Stuart (which

was ordered to lie upon the Table) was again read.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Shire of Wigtown be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the same be heard upon the

Third Day of February next.

Warwir k The House being informed, that there is a Certificate tld'hoo. brought in of the Return for the Borough of Warwick i

The Petition of the honourable Algermone Grevi/e, Esquire (which was ordered to lie upon the Table) was read;setting forth, that the honourable Charles Leigh, Esquire, by Treating alter the of the Writ, and by

Bribery, and other indirect Practices, procured himself to be elected, and returned, a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, to the Petitioner’s Prejudice, who flood one of the Candidates: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of divers of the principal Burgesses of the

Borough of Warwick, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that the honourable Charles Leigh, Esquire, by Bribery, and other undue Practices, hath procured himself to be elected, and returned, a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioners Right: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House fTia.il seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and repoit the (acne, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Answfr to Mr. Secretary St.John acquainted the House, that

Addiciies. their Address, of the 19th ol December last, relating to the Borough ot Beivdley, had been presented to her Majesty; and that her M.ij fly had been p’eased todired Mr. Attorney Gt ivrai, a:,d Mr. Solicitor General to take the most proper and effectual Measures for repealing the Charter, mentioned in the said Address, and for quieting the Borough ot Rew.ilcyin the Enjoyment of their Rights and Privileges, according to the Desire of this House.

Mr. Secretary St. J’jhn also acquainted the House, that their Address, of the 2 2d of December lad, having been presented ro her Majesty, That (he would be pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, Accounts of Prosecutions, ordered by, or carried on at the Expence of, the Crown, and of Noli

Jequi's, entered, or otdered to be entered, to Prosecutions, and what done thereupon; and also of Applications for issuing mandatory Writs, and of such Writs, as have issued, or been crdeied to issue, by the 1 pedal Direction of the Crown, with the Papers, and Reports, relating the reunto; where the said l’rolecutions, Noli projqui's,or Writs, have concerned any Borough, or Place, that lend Members to Parliament; her Majesty had been plta'.cd to give Directions therein, according to the Delire of this House.

Message Mr. Secretary St. John also acquainted the House, that ' trouuhe he had a MefiTge from her Majesty, signed by her, to \W?feSpain. deliver to this House: And he presented the same to the House: And the same was read by Mr. Speaker, and is as followeth; viz.

ANNE R.

HER Majesty having received Notice, that there has been an Action in Spain, very much to the Difod-vantage of King Charles's Affairs which having fallen particularly on the British Forces, the Queen immediately gave Directions for tending, and procuring, Troops, to repair this Loss.

Her Majesty acquaints this House with this Intelli-Vol. 16.

445

gence, and likewise with her Orders given thereupon, not doubting, but the Parliament will approve thereof, and concur in their Assistance for remedying so great a Misfortune.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente.That an humble Ad- Address. drefe be presented to her Majesty, to return her Majesty the humble Thanks of this House for her most gracious Message i and likewise to assure her Majesty, that this House is perfectly satisfied in her great Care, intirely depends upon her WifiJom, and will effectually support her Majesty in such Measures, as (be shall think proper for retrieving the Lois in Spain.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up the said Address;

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Secretary

St.John, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, M Mr. Conyers, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pitts, Sir Tho. , Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Henry Bunbury, Sir Hedges, Lieutenant General Webb, Mr.

Solicitor General, Sir Gilbert DolbenMr. Lutwich, Mr. Lee, Lord Compton, Mr. Ce/dr, Mr. Aijlaby, Lord Dowue, Mr. Freeman, Lord Windsor, Mr. Lewis, Sir Wm. Coriton , Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Mr.

Jord, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Mr.

Trcby, Mr. Ward:And they are to withdraw immedi-

ately into the Speaker’s Chamber, and may also fit Tomorrow Morning, if they fee Occasion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurit, 30 dieJanuarii;

Anno 9* Ann* Regin*, 1710.

Prayers.

QRDE RED, Tha t DoCfor Friend be desired to preach pr. Friend before this House upon the 30th Day of January to preach on Instant; and that Mr. Gwyn and Mr. Ward do acquaint 3°lh Jan* him therewith.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors belonging to Debtor* the Fleet Prison, in behalf of themselves, and great Num- Petition, bers of distressed Persons, now under Confinement in the respective Gaols of the Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by their long Confinement, and Necessitics, they are reduced to the Jail Extremity, and mult inevitably perish, unless relieved by the House: And praying, that a Bill may be permitted to be brought in, to oblige their Creditors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they can make, and to restore them to their Liberty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Lawson, Sir Joseph Jekyll, and Mr.

Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committed

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee, to whom Address on it was referred to draw up an Address of Thanks to her Afeflkgf. Majesty, for her most gracious Message to this House; that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered -it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was twice read, and is as followeth j viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WF, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do return your Majesty our humble Thanks for your most gracious Message; wherein your Majesty has been pleased to communicate to us the Intelligences you have received of an Action in Spain, very much to the Disadvantage of King Charles's Affairs, and the Directions, your Majesty has given for fending, and procuring,

Troops to repair this Loss.

5 U Wc

2* — 30 Januarii.

30 — J

We beg leave to allure your Majesty, that this Disadvantage will not discourage us from using our utmost Endeavours to enable your Majesty to carry on the just and necessary War, in which you are engaged, for preserving the Liberties of Europe-,but, after the many undoubted Instances we have received of your Majesty’s great Care, and Wisdom, being perfectly satisfied in the one, and intirely depending on the other, wc are refclved effectually to support your Majesty in the Prosecution of those Measures, that your Majesty shall on thisOccasion think proper, for retrieving the Loss in Spain.

t

A. 1710.

House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 40 die Januarii;

Anno 9* Ann® Regina;, 1710.

ResolvedNemine contract That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to her Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when llie will be attended by this House.

Naval Mr. Loztfndes presented to the House (pursuant to

Services. their Address to her Majesty) An Account of what Money hath been annually granted by Parliament for the Service of the Navy, and what has been annually issued upon the several Heads thereof, since her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Crown, to wit, for the Years 1702, 1703, 1704, 1705, 1706, 1707, 1708, 1709, and 1710, made up, and dated, to Michaelmas, 1710.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session,

Abuses m Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer informed the House, Victualing that he js commanded to acquaint them, that in Exami-epar eu nations, relating to the Navy, taken before the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, some very considerable Abuses have been discovered in the Victualing; and that a Member of this House is named therein.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Directions, that the Examinations, which have been taken, relating to Abuses in the Victualing, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Publick Resolved, That this House will take care effectually to Debt*. discharge the publick Debts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of her Majesty’s gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the publick Debts.

Supply. Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 20

Prayers.

MR. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, that Queen ap-her Majesty having been waited upon, to know point* tub* her Pleasure, when flic would be attended by this House; aUtnd,:<i-her Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Day, at Two of the Clock, at her Palace of St. s.

A Bill for preserving of White Pine Trees, growing Preservation in her Majesty’s Colonies of Nezo Ham the of Pine Tree*

chufets Bay, and Province of Main Rhode Island, and Pro- 'n 1>,anta*. zideuce Plantation, the Narragan/tt Country, and King's ,uns’ Province, and ConneElicut, in New England, Nezo York, and New Jersey, in America, for the malting her Majesty’s Navy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Monflon,

Mr. Oldsworth, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Dr. Hutton, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Moor, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Rally,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Franklyn, Mr. Cefar, Sir Robert Ed,it,' Mr. Johnflon, Mr. Lamb ton, Mr. Mr.

Smith, Mr. Burslem, Sir Cka. burner, Mr, , Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Page, Mr. Jeff of, Mr. Dyot,

Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert Pollock, Mr. Hern, Mr. Loyd,

Mr. Duncomb, Mr, Goring, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Scobell, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Rudge, Mr.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Complaint being made to the House, that Chriflo- Privilep, pher Yendall,)\xvi\or, one of the Serjeants at Mace of the Borough of Oakliampton, in the County of Devon, had spoken scandalous and reproachful Words of Chriflopbtr Harris, Esquire (a Member of this House for the said Borough) in Breach of the Privilege of this House, and against the other Petitioners, who have signed a Petition, relating to the late Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, which is appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House upon the First Day of February next;

Ordered, That the said Christopher Tendall do attend this House at the said hearing, to answer the Matter of this Complaint.

Mr. Lozvndes presented to the House (pursuant to their Abuses in Address to her Majesty) several Examinations taken, and ^'duahng other Papers, relating to the Abuses in the Victualing; *par mtD with a Li ft of them.

The Titles of which Papers, contained in the said Lift, were read.

The said Lift is as followeth; viz.

Papers relating to Abuses in the Victualing.

A. Observations concerning Beer at the Victualing Office, and Frauds there, per Mr. fVm. Chainey, and Mr. John Draper, Two of the general Surveyors for the Excise of the London Brewery.

B. A Paper, referred to in the preceding Paper, being a Report of Beer and Bread, shipped from the Queen’s Brewhouse.

C. Another Paper of the fame.

D. The Information of Henry Rayne, Brewer.

E. Account of Calk in the Hands of Brewers, formerly Contractors.

F. Information of John Smith, Brewer.

G. A Compare of what Beer con t rafted for, and whac really brewed by the common Brewers at Portsmouth,

Rochester,

l-a

] ,‘nr.v

Iki'ifl!

1

L.

9 Ann. 40 Januarii. 447

Rochester, and Chatham, for the Use of the Victual- Majesty’s Pay in Spain, in the Years 1708, 1709, and ing Office, for the Year, ended 30th September, 1710, as far as any Returns have been yet made from 1 -71 o thence:

Titcie Papers are'humbly presented by her Majesty’s Command, upon an Address made by this honour-able Home.

4th January, 1747.

Ordered, That the Examinations, and other Papers, be read, and taken into Consideration, Tomorrow Morning.

And Mr. Lowndes acquainted the House, that, as any other farther Abuses should be discovered, they would from time to time be laid before this House.

Iiith Mr. Lowndes also presented to the House, An Ac-

Drbcatures. count Gf w},3t will be necessary for paying a Year’s Interest farther upon the unsatisfied Debentures, charged upon the Irish Forfeitures.

And the Title of the Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

THE said unsatisfied Debentures,^] for which anlnterest, after the Rate j of Five Pounds per Centum, per An- I £. s. d. num, is payable, amount to the prin- i,

cipal Sum of £. 9^7,157. 3/. j

and another Year’s Interest upon the said Debentures will amount unto the Sum of - -

Examin. per me Yho. Jett, Pay mafic r.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Army Mr. Granville, by her Majesty’s Command, presented Accounts. f0 House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty.

An Account of her Majesty’s Proportion of Subsidies,

payable to the Allies, pursuant to the Treaties, for the Year 1711:

An Account of the Numbers of effective Men in her

A Lift of the effective Numbers of her Majesty’s Forces in Spain some few Days before the battle of Almanza, in the Month of April, 1707, and of the Forces in Portugal in the Year 1707:

State of the Queen’s Forces in Portugal, in the Years 170S, 1709, and 1710, with an Account of their effective Numbers:

Establishment of Guards, Garilbns, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, Anno 1710:

Efiab! ishment for 40,000 Men in the Low Countries, Anno 1710:

Kstablishment for the 20,000 Men, Troops of Augmentation, Anno *710:

Establishment for the Forces in Spain, Anno 1710: Establishment of foreign Forces, serving in , Anno 1710:

Establishment for the Forces in Portugal, Anno 1710: Additional Establishment of Two Regiments of Foot, and Thiee Squadrons of Horle, of the Elector of Palatine's Troops, commencing the 15 March, 1704:

Establishment of the Saxon Troops, and Regiment of Bothmar, commencing in June and July, 1 707:

Establishment of Colonel Moor's Regiment of Foot, commencing 25 June, 1710:

Establishment of Lieutenant General Farrington's Regiment of Foot, commencing 23 , 1709:

Establishment of the Marquis of Montandre's Regiment of Foot, commencing 25 June, 1710:

Establishment of the Earl of Jfiay's Regiment of Foot, commencing 25th June, 1710:

Establishment of the Lord Mark Kerr's Regiment of Foot, commencing 25 June 1710:

Establishment of Colonel Grant's Regiment of Foot, commencing 23 December, 1709:

Establishment of Brigadier Evan's Regiment of Foot, commencing 25 June, 1709:

And the Titles of the said Accounts, and other Papers, were read.

And the Account of her Majesty’s Proportion of Sub^ hdics is as followeth; viz.

TO the King of Denmark, in Bank Money at Hamburgh -To the King of Portugal, for defraying her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge? of 13,000 Men, 666,666 Pattacoons, 33 Stivers, at 4 6 d. each -

To the Duke of Savoy, at the Rate of 5 Month -To the Landgrave of Hejfc Cajfel -

To the Elector of breves ——

To the Elector Palatine -

To the Landgrave of Hcjjc, for her Majesty’s Quota, being ] ds of his additional Subsidy of 100,000 Crowns per Annum, on Account of Two Regiments of Horse

of his Troops, which were in Italy.....-

To the King of PrtJJia, for defraying her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of 8,000 Men, sent to the Assistance of the Duke of Savoy -

More to the King of Prussia, by virtue of the Treaties 1701 and 1706, on Account of the 12,000, lent to serve in the j

Guilders. Stiv.

To her Majesty’s Share of the Agio, or Difference of the Money current in the Empire, and the Rates the same Money is current in > 109,666 10 the Territories, where his Troops are employed - - -J

More, for her Majesty’s Share of Bread - - l53>°97 *6

More, for her Majesty’s Share of Forage - - - 125,865 —

388,629 6

More, to enable her Majesty to satisfy her Share of the Pretensions of the King' of Prussia to a further Allowance for the extra’ Charge he has been at in recruit- ing the Body of his Troops in Italy, his Majesty consenting thereupon to the Continuance of those Troops in Italy -

G. Granvi.

Crowns a Ye fir.

Total -

46,6664

S. d.

150,000 37,5°°

600,000 150,000 — —

640,000 160,000

25,000 5*9527 6

25,000 5>95i 7 6

20,000 4,761 18 6

66,6664 16,666 13 4

200,000 50,000

7

1H11 2 j

478>95$ 16

7

Yol. 16.

Ordered'

Supply.

40 — 50 Januarii.

A. 1710.

Ordered, That the said Account of her Majesty’s Proportion of Subsidies, payable to the Allies, pursuant to the Treaties for the Year 1711, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the said other Account, Lift, State, and Establishments, do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account, Lift, State, and Establishments, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read, and are as follow; viz.

I. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the additional Forces, of 10,000 Men, be continued for the Year 17it.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThataSum, not exceeding £. 177,511.3 be granted T® her Majesty, for maintaining the said 10,000 Men for the Service of the Year 17x1.

- 3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That her Majesty’s Proportion of 3,000 Palatines, formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General, be continued for the Year 1711.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £.34,151. 13*. 4*/. be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of maintaining the said 3,000 Palatines for the Service of the Year 17ti.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That her Majesty’s Proportion of 4,639 Saxons, taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General in the Year 1707, be continued for the Year 1711.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding £.43,25 r. ns.6d.be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of maintaining the said,639 Saxons for the Service of the Year 17x1.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That her Majesty’s Proportion of Regiment of

Dragoons, consisting of 800 Men, taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General in the Year 1707, be continued for the Year 1711.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £. 9,269. 1 6d.be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charges of maintaining the said Regiment of Dragoons for the Service of the Year 17x1.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That her Majesty’s Proportion of the Troops of Augmentation, taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General, in the Year 1709, be continued for the Year 1711.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £. 220,000, be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of maintaining the said Troops of Augmentation for the Service of the Year 1711.

II. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding £. 546,108. 17X. 8\d. be granted to her Majesty, for defraying the Charge of maintaining Guards and Garisons in Great , and for the Payment of Invalids, for the Service of the Year 1711, including 5,000 Men to serve on Board the Fleet.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding f. 130,000, be granted to her Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of her Majesty’s Ordnance for the LancTService.

The Ten first of the said Resolutions, being severally

read a Second time, weie, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Eleventh Resolution being read a Second time, That a Sum, not exceeding £.546,108. 17J. 8*-d. be granted to her Majesty, for defraying the Charge of maintaining Guards and Garisons in Great Britain, and for the Payment of Invalids, for the Service of the Year 1711, including 5,000 Men to lerve on Board the Fleet;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed.

The last of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 50 die Januarii;

Anno 9* Annae Regime, 1710.

Prayers.

3D ESOL VED, That an humble Address be presented Pound,;*. * to her Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Poundage, and Days Pay, deducted out of the Pay of the Army, and how the same hath been from time to time applied.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Deficiency Majesty, that the will please to give Directions to tire ot GfanU* proper Officer, to lay before this House, an Account of the Deficiencies of the Grants, and of the Funds, annually, since Michaelmas, 1701.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Sir George Bing presented to the House, pursuant to Excetding*

their Address to her Majesty. in Sick and

An Account of the Exceedings yearly in the Charge "oun<lei1, of the Office for Sick and Wounded, ts'r. from Michaelmas, 1703, (the Office commencing in Michaelmas Quarter, 1702) to Michaelmas, 1710, with the Reasons thereof; and allb.

The Particulars, which have chiefly occasioned the viSnaliiw Increase of the Debt of the Victualing on the 30th of D«bu September, 1710, from what it was on the 30th September, 1701.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Speaker reported, that he, with the House, did Answert* Yesterday attend her Majesty with their Address; to Address. which her Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I thank you very kindly for the intire Confidence, which you place in me; and will endeavour to make the best Use I can of it, for the publick Advantage.

Then the Examinations, and other Papers, Yesterday A buff s in laid before the House, relating to the Abuses in the Victualing Victualing, were (according to Order) read, and taken ePArtIU*nt-into Consideration.

And they are bound up with the other Papers of th is Session.

Ordered, That the said Examinations, and Papers, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

And.

Lnn'ragton,

4 c.

Ejections.

s^plj.

Maw*,

Vr.l.

p Ann. 5" — -8°

And they ate referred to Sir. Mr. Hurley, Colonel Byer!y. Sir Robert Da Mr. Mr.

Mr. Lowther , Mr. I Hard, Sir Tho. Mr. Fre-

man, Mr. Perton, Mr. Herfha Sir Flump. Mr. Dcckminique, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Manly, Lord Compton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Sir Withers,

Sir Tho. Pottos, Mr. Mountag Mr. Lowndes, Lord Down, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Smith, Mr. Coats, Mr. Lawjon, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Lambtcn, Mr. Winning ton. Sir. Mead, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Shepard, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Harris, S r Rich.Hoar, Sir Geo. Sir Henry Johnson,

Sir W77. Co'st.n, Mr. Onslow, Lord Mr. Wroth,

Mr. Lutivich, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir Cha. Wager, Mr.

for. Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. WMr. Conyers, Lord Hyde, Mr Lu\ hmere, Sir. Bayfy, Mr. Dyot, Lord Windsor,

Sir Peter King, Sir James Mo Mr. Mr.

Price, S:r Simon Stuart, Mr. Fir tier, Mr. Harvey, Sir Richard Leving, Sir Geo. Bing, Mr. England, Mr. Har-nage, Alr. IFrighfon, Mr. Crcjje, Sir Richard How, Sir

Geo. Beaument, Colonel Stevens, Mr. Craggs, Sir John Waller, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Nculand, S;r Jo. Pakington, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Berkley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. North, Mr. Jo unfit :Anti they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and to fit de die in diem; and have Leave to fit in a Morning: And they have P< u er to le nd for Pei forts, Papers, and Records.

C1 hemasRidge, Esquire (a Member of this House) being named in the said Examinations,"and Papers; and not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Ridge do attend this House in his Place, upon :IveJday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Boroughs of Lymington, in the County of Southampton, East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, be received upon Iburf-dayMorning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuicr farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Confers to,>k the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Si. Manses, in the County of Comical, in the room of John Frtdenham, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Januar'iL 449

ture, bearing Date 27th June, 1710, Was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Governor and Company of the Mine Adventure of England, having contraifted great Debts with the Petitioners, and others, and unable to pay the lame, have assigned over all their Mines, and the Management thereof, for the Benefit of their Creditors! who being unwilling to raise Money for a new Stock, to carry on the Works vwhich was abfo-Jutely necessary for obtaining any Benefit by them) and many Difficulties arising, by reason of the great Numbers of Per Ions concerned, the Duke of Governor

of the said Company, made Proposals at a general Meeting of the Creditors, which Was received with universal Approbation; and, in pursuance thereof. Fifteen Persons were chofi-n, and an Instrument was executed on the 27th June last, impowering them to settle Terms between the Creditors and Proprietors; and the said Governor and Company, by Deed under their common Seal, have ratified the said Deed of Powers; and the Persons impowered have agreed unto Articles of Union, which were published according to the Deed of Powers, to the general Satisfaction of the Parties concerned: That Sir Humphry Mackxvorth is (with other fir para tc Partners) entitled to an ingrafted Stock, of very great Value, in the said Mines; and by certain Agreements several rich Mines are subject to be forfeited to Sir Humphry, tdc. who is inverted with the foie Power of charging the said Stock with any Sum, not exceeding f. 50,000 for the manifest Good of the said Company: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable Sir Mackwcrth to

execute the Power of charging the said ingrafted Stock, and to enable the Governor and Company to transfer the fame, for the Benefit of the United Society, and for ratifying and confirming the said Agreements, and Terms of Union, and in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Creditors, Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, on the behalf of themselves, and several Widows, and Orphans, VCrod i tors, and Members, of the said Company, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee by their Count'd, if they think fit.

A Petition of several Creditors, Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, on the behalf of themselves, and several Widows, and Orphans, Creditors, and Members, of the said Society, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Creditors, and Partners, having agreed amongst themselves, to carry on the Management of their private Estates and Properties in the said Mines, for the general Good of all concerned, a Petition was presented to this House on the 2d Instant, which tends to prejudice the Petitioners Rights, as they are advised: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Creditors, Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, on the behalf of themselves, and several Widows, and Orphans, Creditors, and Members, of the said Company, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, if they think fit.

Vir.*

Mvcntur*

Cwnyaiiy.

Luna, S# die Januarii;

Anno 9* Annae Reginar, 1710.

Prat iRs.

A PETITION of several Creditors of the Com-lV pany of Mine Adventurers of England, and of Pro-irictors of principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in he said Company, on behalf of themselves, and a great Cumber of other Creditors, and Proprietors, who have mtered into Agreements with one another by an Inden-Vol. 16.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

A Petition of several Officers, Officers Widows, and other Proprietors of Army and Transport Debentures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Debentures were made payable out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, which have been all Jong since fold j yet about One Million of those Debentures remain unsatisfied, and above Three Years Iatercft due thereupon, and no Provision made for Payment of Principal and interest, except for One Year’s interest, now granted;

j X which

8° — 9° Ja

A. 1710.

which has reduced the said Debentures to £. 40 Cent. Di (count; whereby the Petitioner are brought to great Straits for want of their ... it being the foie Support of many of them; who have been forced to borrow Mosey, upon the Credit of their Debentures, at 6 per Cent, though they have but 5 from the Government: And {paying, that the House will make Provision for paying the Principal and Interest, due upon the said Debentures, as is most agreeable to the Honour and Justice of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Absence^ Ordered, That Mr. Creffett have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, his Lady being very ill.

Supply- Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider Farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Rcfo-lutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £.49,35?. 17*. id. be granted to her Majesty, for the Payment of One Year’s Interest of the unjarisfied Debentures, charged upon the Irish forfeitures.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sura, not exceeding^. 144,000 be granted to her Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of transporting Land Forces.

ResolvedThat k is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £-478,956. i6j. yd. be granted to her Majesty, to defray her Majesty’s Proportion of the Subsidies, payable to her Allies, pursuant to Treaties, (or the Service of the Year 1711.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question (everally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Payment* of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her

Subsidi*. Majesty, that (he will please to give Directions, that an Account may be laid before this House, of the Payment of her Majesty’s Proportions of the Subsidies granted to her Majesty the last Session of Parliament for her Allies.

Ordered, That the said Address be pretented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Contingen- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to ker Majesty, that (be will be pleased to give Directions, w er#* that an Account may be laid before this House, of the Distributions of the Contingencies, and Forage and Waggon Money, granted by Parliament for tire Forces in Flanders, in her Majesty’s Pay, from the Year 1702, to Christmas, 1710, both inclusive.

Ordered, That the said Add rest be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her M^efty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Contingen- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her

cie* m Great Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Directions, that ntaui* an Account be bid before this House, of the Distributions of the Money, granted far Contingencies of the Guards, Garison^ and Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the kft Yew.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by Fuch Members of this Horufe 3s are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (he will please to give Directions, that an Account be laid before this House, of all Pcnlions, payable out of any Part of the Revenues, to whom paid, and when granted; and also an Account of all Warrants and Directions for any Penfioos.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her 21

' Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, refolce itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty*

Ordered, That the several Establishments, which have been laid before this House, be referred to the Confidential of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had considered the Resolution, to them re-committed, and are come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that they bad directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, rcfblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Colonel Leigh, Mr. Shakerley, Mr. Abusei io Gape, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Campion, Mr. Mr. Fox,

Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Halsey, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Herbert, p 80 Colonel Cage, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to take the Examinations, and Papers, relating to the Abuses in the Victualing, into Consideration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Mine a Clock.

Martisy 9* dieJa?tuarii;

Anno 9* Anna: Regina:, 1710.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Smith Mr. Bertie, Sir Min* Edmund Bacon, Mr. Page, Sir Wm. Goftwick, Mr. Adveutm* Peyton, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Weber, C"W* Mr. Mompejfon, Mr. Coleston, Mr. Bracebridge, Serjeant Webb, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Cafs, Sir Vincent, Mr.

Finch, Serjeant Comins, Serjeant Richardson, Mr. Lambert, Sir Tho. Wheat, Mr. Price, Mr. Sir Tho.

Wroth, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Hart, Lord Down, Mr. Newland, Mr. Lifter, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Creditors, Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, is referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Writrnf rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of,

and Informations, in the Nature of Quo warranto, more vv*m»te. speedy and effectual, and for the more easy trying, and determining, the Rights of Officers in Corporations and Boroughs; and that Mr. Serjeant Webb, Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir Gilbert Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Conyers, (according to Order) reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had dkefted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Cerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followCth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £. 546,108. 17*. 8 d. be granted to her Majesty, for defraying the Charge of main-' taining Guards and Garisons in Great Britain, and for the Payment of invalids, for the Service of the Year

»7'

61

h

tu

VII

Dtp

Ta

11

451

9 Ann.

including

9° — i o° — r l° Januarii.

Fire thousand Men to serve on board So it was refolded in the Affirmative*

1711, the Fleet.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House -do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding 546,108. 17s. 8#*/. be granted to her Majesty, for defraying the Charge of maintaining Guards and Garifoos in Great Britain and for the Payment of Invalids, for the Service of the Year 1711, including 5,000 Men to fcnre on board the Fleet.

C O of the The Order of the Day being read, for the calling over hwtise. the House;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till TAurfdqy Seven-nigHt.

ihvfn in

Victualing Dcpor Uncut*

Mr. Ridge, attending in his Place (according to Order) desired, that, since the Examinations, and Papers, relating to Abuses in the Vi&ualing (wherein he is named) were referred to a Committee, he might have the Leave

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of her Majesty's gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Public Debts;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of effectual Methods for reducing the Discount on Non-specie Exchequer Bills, and to make them equal to Money.

Ordered, That her Majesty’s Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cotters reported from the Committee, that they had directed him to move the House, That a Com-

of the House to attend the said Committee (which he mjttee may be appointed, to examine, and state, the 'would not fail constantly to do) where he should have an public^ Debts of the Navy, and other publick Offices, Opportunity to make his Innocency appear. - ~

Ordered, That the Committee do proceed with all convenient Speed upon that Part of the said Examinations, and Papers, which relate to the said Mr. Ridge, and report the same to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurtiy 10° die Januarii;

Anno 9* Anna: Regins, 1710. PlATItS,

Trtfoney

ktedion.

for which no Provision is made by Parliament, and to report, what Principal and Interest is due thereupon.

And the same was ordered accordingly.

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Whmington, Mr. Pagett, Colonel King, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Scobell, Mr. , Mr.

Letchmere, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Cefar, Mr. Downing, Mr. Foley, Mr. Amejley, Mr. Heysham, Colonel

Mr. Gold, Mr. Child, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Skippen, Mr. Aifiahy, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Conyers, Mr- Mr. Lewis, Mr. Waipole, Mr. , Mr. Jejfop, Mr.

Pitt, Lord Ryalton, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. IVrigktfon, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Manly, Mr. Manwaring, Sir fVm Johnson: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's

A PETITION of Thomas Millington, Esquire, was V"5 Tl rl J

presented.othe House, and read jlcin. forth, that Cl’bcriand to.fitid, m, and m a Mormng;

«be Petitioner t, duly elected.and ought lo be resumed, *nd.have Pow'r to fe"d for Person5> PaP"5’ "d

p \frl«

rk' That all the Accounts, which have been

In the County of Ccrnwll; but Geo. Robinson> Esquire. r . , ’ u r L r i.

hv Rrlherv other In.tirrA ,1... the,! {»"" House. relating to the pubhek DebtS,

be referred to the said Committee.

it

II

<0

by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, procured him self to be returned, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers far the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the N egative.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for tire Borough of Tregotuy be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday, the 20th Day of February next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis9 11° Januarii;

Anno 9* Ann* Regin*, 1710.

Praters.

X ,q A BILL for making the River Kernel navigable, was 3 5 J\ read the First time.

]n. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon i Tuesday Morning next.

Public

Debts.

Kennet

Navigation*

Bribery at Lkdums*

A Petition of Edward Barton, of London, Merchant, Privilege Samuel Barton and Edward Waddington, Drs. in Divi- "* Suit nity, was presented to the House and read; setting Member, forth, that the Petitioners are the Assignees of several A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Mortgages and Securities, entered into by Mr. Palmes That it be aninstruction to the Committee of the whole (a Member of this House) and his Wife, to which Af-House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bri- signments they were Parties; whereupon there is due to bery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elec- the Petitioners £. 17,825, and the ift of 170*,

tions ot Members to serve in Parliament, is committed, Mr. Palmes, by Writing under his Hand (amongst That they have Power to receive a Clause, to save to the other Things) solemnly declared, he would not claim.

People called Quakers, the Liberty, they now have by or insist on, any Privilege of Parliament, or any other Law, to have their solemn Affirmations accepted instead Privilege, to hinder the Recovery of the said Sum: ot' the Oaths, appointed to be taken upon Elections of That, Mr. Palmes neglecting to pay the said Money, the

Members, to serve in Parliament;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for tire Yeas,

| Sir Hick. MorUe,

C Mr. Lerjcfon, 5,1 Mr.

rt. , r.1 XT \ Sir Hick. 1

TdtafatteNocs,^.

You 16.

1

1

193

100.

Petitioners in Easter Term last brought their Bill in Chancery, to which Mr. Palmes, and his Wife, and other Defendants, answered, and owned the borrowing of the Money; and the Cause being set down for hearing last Term, Mr. Palmes infills on the Privilege of this House: And praying, that he may shew Cause, why he should not be ordered to ware his Privilege, according to the

laid

Supply-

Public

Debts.

Lyrahjgtan

Ele&iou.

45 $ ii* Januarit. A, 1710.

said Declaration under his Hand, at the Suit of the Petitioners.

To which Mr. Palms was heard in his Place, and afterwards declared, that he would not infill upon Privilege in any Suit between him and the Petitioners.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfeIf into a Committee of the whole House, to conCder further of the Supply granted to her Majesty*

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of that Part of her Majesty *s most gracious Speech td both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the publick Debts.

Mr. Freman (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Lymington, in the County of and the

Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the feme in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of J Walter, Esquire, and William Forbes, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of the Lord Wm. Powlett, and Paul Burrard, Esquire, for the Borough of Lymington, in the County of Southampton:

That the Question was whether the Right of Election is in the flavor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, or in the Mayor and Burgesses, of Lymington:

If in the latter, it was admitted, the fitting Members were duly elected.

That the Poll of the Burgesses, taken in the Town-hall, was thus:

For the Lord Wm. Powlett - 31 For Mr. Burrard - 33

For the Petitioners, each - 7

That the Populace polled themselves out of the Hall, and 87 voted for the Petitioners only.

For the Petitioners.

To prove the Right of Election in the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty,

Copies of Five Returns for the Borough were produced; viz.

26 E/iz.which fays the Mayor, and Five Burgesses, and Four more, in the Return named, and others com-tnunitate burgi, elected Members, who ab ipja tate had their Power.

The Return is mentioned to be under the Parties Seals, and Two Seals are affixed to it.

28 E/iz. 30 E/iz.7 t .1 r t?

rr J >In the same Form.

39 Ehz. 43 Ehz.

The Returns are mentioned to be under the Parties Seals, and one Seal is affixed to them.

And the following Resolution, in the same of Boston, in Lincclnshire, was insisted on for the Petitioners;

8® Matt, 40 Car.I. " Agreed by the Committee, that " the Election of Burgesses, in all Boroughs, did, of " common Right, belong to the Commoners; and that nothing could take it from them, but a Prescription, " and constant Usage beyond all Memory."

And John Edwards said, he has been a Burgess Fifteen Years, and has known the Borough above 35 Years: That about the time of the Convention he was a Scotland Lot Man; and then several of the Burgesses sent to him, and told him, he had a Right to vote for Members of Parliament; and asked him, why he did not try that Right: That at Two Elections the Votes of the Populace have been asked; viz, by Mr. JervoiJe and Mr. Cromwell, and by Mr. Pitt and Mr. Clark, the then Candidates, who flood by the Populace; and in both those Elections Mr. John Burrard flood a Candidate by the Mayor, and Burgesses: That those Elections were contested; the Votes of the Populace were then lejedted by 11

this House, and the Persons, chose by the leledt Number, fat in Parliament; and since that the Populace have not voted.

Sir Robert Smith said, when he was Mayor of Lymington (above 20 Years ago) he refused to make honorary Burgesses, and his Deputy, David Edwards (who was above Fourscore Years old) commended him for it j for he said, it never had been well with the Town, since the Inhabitants had lost their Right of voting: That Edwards meant, it would never be well with the Town, till that" Right was restored; but did not say, he eyer knew, they had such Right: That the Inhabitants thought, they had Right of voting; and that they were injured by the honorary Burgesses, who took it from them.

Charles Hackman said, there are about 70 Burgesses, of which 15 or 16 are Inhabitants; and there are near 100 other Housekeepers, Inhabitants, who are not Burgesses, but are generally in as good Condition, as the Burgesses; and all pay to Church and Poor, except about Four of them: That at the last Election the Constables refused the Petitioners Admittance into the Town-hall; and ’tis usual to fluit out all Candidates, and others, who are not Burgesses.

For the fitting Members.

To prove the Right of Election in the Mayor and Burgesses,

Copies of Seven Returns were produced; viz.

1 "Jac.iBl: Which fays, the Mayor, and 13 Bur-

gestes, therein named, elected: The Power, given to the Members, is ab tpfa communitate :The Return under the Parties Seals:

18 Jac. iml: The Mayor and Burgesses (generally) elected: The Power is pro fe, et dist' villa, five lurgo: The Return under the Common Seal:

21 Jac. i"‘: The Mayor, and Eight, therein named, and other Burgesses, elected: The Power is ab ipsa communitate: The Return under the Parties Seal:

to Car. 1"": Mayor and Burgesses (generally) elected: The Power is pro fe, et dill' burgo: The Return under the common Seal:

3® Car. I. In the same Form; but the Return under the Parties Seals:

15 Car. I. In the same Form; and the Return under the Parties Seals:

16 Car. I. In the same Form; but the Return under the common Seal.

And the following Resolutions of this House, upon the Two former controverted Elections for this Borough, upon the Petitions of Mr. Jervoise and Mr. Cromwell, and Mr. Pitt and Mr. Clark, were also insisted on for the

fitting Members; viz.

29th December 1691; when it was resolved, "That " the Corporation of Lymington is a Corporation by Prescription; and that the Mayor and Burgesses only have " the Right to cledt Burgesses, to serve in Parliament." And,

r8 Febr. 1695; when it was resolved, "That the " Right of electing Burgesses, to serve in Parliament " for this Borough, is not in the Mayor, Burgesses, and " Commonalty, paying Scotland LotAnd,

" That the Right of cledting Burgesses, to serve in " Parliament for this Borough, is only in the Mayor and " Burgesses of Lymington."

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. Thar the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lymington, in the County of Southampton, is not in the Mayor, Burgesses, and In-

habitants, of the said Borough, not receiving Alms.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lymington, in the County of Southampton, is in the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lord Wm. Powlett is duly elected a Burgess, to

serve

9 Ann.

i i Januarii.

453

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Inhabitants made free, or admitted to vote in Elections, Lymington, in the County of Southampton. before King James's Reign, and till within tlieie Ten

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Years, when honorary Freemen were made; and their That Paul Burr ard, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, Votes have been protested against at East Retford, and

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of rejected by this House.

Lymington, in the County of Southampton. That the Petitioners Counsel also infilled on the I?e-

The first of the said Kcsolutions being read a Second solution of this House upon the 28th of 1702,

in the controverted Election for this Borough, between Sir Willoughby Hickman, Baronet, and Mr. Levinz, Petitioners against Mr. and Mr. White, fitting

Members; when it was relblved,

M That Persons, not inhabiting in this Borough, are incapable of being made free thereof.’*

And upon this Head, they affirmed, they took off One-and-fifty of Mr. White's Voters, and Fifty-two of Mr. Westby's Voters, in this Election; and then the Poll stood thus:

For Mr. White - - - - 34:

Mr. - - - - 25:

For the Petitioners, each - 43:

And they also declared, they had 15 others to add to the Petitioners Poll, being such as had an undoubted

time

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Southampton, is not in the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough, not receiving Alms;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

T.U^forthcYca,^"-

’(Mr.

Teller, for the NoedS10^'*’*'’"’ (Mr. Btlfvn:

*191.

So it was resolved in the Afiirmative.

The Residue of the said Resolution*, being severally

read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally Right to be made free.

East Retford EltAwi.

put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Freman also reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough ot East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, and the Resolutions

For the fitting Members:

To prove, that Foreigners may be made free, and, being so, have Right of voting.

The following Entries, and Orders, in the Town Books were infilled on; viz.

Several ancient Entries in the Reigns of King of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed the 6th, Philip and Mary, Queen E/iz. and King Charles

him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and aUc wards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and the Report, and Ref >lu lions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Willoughby and Brian

Cooke, Esquires, complaining of an undue F.lection, and Return of T ho.II bite and Tho. Westby, Esquires, in

Retford, in the County of Nottingham:

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus F-r Mr. White - - - - 85

For Mr. Westby - - - - 77

For the Petitioners each - - 45

That it was agreed, that the Right of Election is in the Bail.ff? and Burgesses > and.

the First, of Admilfions of divars Persons to be Freemen, who paid 20 and certain small Fees to Officers.

6* Jac. i"‘, an Order, that no Foreigner shall be made free by Redemption, under 20 j. to be paid to the Town Chamber, and the usual Fees to Officers.

In 1680 Sir Edward Nevill’s Election to be one of the Aldermen, and an Order for his free voting at all to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Elections for any Offices, or other Matters, within, or

concerning, the Corporation, as any Alderman hath, notwithstanding his Residence out of the Corporation; any former Order to the contrary notwithstanding.

In 1685 an Order for giving free Votes at all Elections, as well those to Parliament, as others, to Twelve Burgesses therein named, notwithstanding their respective Residence out of the Corporation, any former Order,

That a Person is qualified to be a Burgess of East or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Retford, who has served Seven Years Apprenticeship Wm. laid, he has been a Freeman 14 Years,

within the Borough, or is the elded Son of such a Bur- and has known the Town 38 Years: That those, who gefs, or is made tree by Redemption, inhabiting within are made free, and have no Right to Freedom, pay for the Borough at the Time of being made tree. _ it such a Fine, as the Corporation put; and several

And the Qu^ftion was, whether Persons, not being Gentlemen have paid 5, foine£. 3, others and Inhabitants within the Borough, may be made Freemen others 505. those, who have Right to Freedom, pay only of Eafi Retford, and vote in Elections to Parliament. the usual Fees, which are but small.

For the fitting Members the Affirmative was alleged. That Persons living in the Town, or out of the Town, That, to prove the contrary, the Petitioners Counsel who are not free, are called Foreigners; and no Free-infilled onTwo Orders, entered in the Town Book; viz. men are called by that Name; but the Freemen living In 1624 an Order, disabling, and exempting, several out of the Town, are called the non-resident Freemen; Burgesses (having removed from the Borough) from and that he knew not of any Foreigner being made free giving any Voice at or for any Elections there; and ordering, that if any Burgess should at any time thereafter remove his Dwelling forth of the Liberties of the Borough, and so continue for the Space of a Year, he Ihoukl from thenceforth Hand and be likewise disabled,

till within these Eight Years.

Thomas Rawfott said, he was made free in 1676: That he was Servant to Sir Edward Neville at Grove, and was not an Inhabitant then; but, about Two Months after his Freedom, he married a Widdw, who had a House

, and exempted, from giving any Voice at any Elections in East , when lie was made free; and, upon the

there; but, upon coming to reside and dwell again within Marriage, he had that House, and his Vote has never the Borough, during such Residence to be admitted to been refused.

vote, as other Burgesses. That several, who were not Inhabitants, were made

In 1700 an Order, disabling, and utterly disfranchising, free under King James's Charter; and all, that come in

several P>urgeffes, from their Freedom, who, by reason by Redemption, are called Foreigners, of their dwelling in foreign Places, were become And the fitting Members Counsel also infilled on Foreigners, and so had continued for aoovc One Year; the Resolution of this House upon the 17th Day of and from thenceforth they arc not to be held or reputed as , 1705, in the then controverted Election for this

Freemen of the Town, orothenvife, than as Foreigners. And they examined Witnesses.

Wm. Bunby, John Barker, and Martin Colton, said,

they had known the Borough, one 40, the other 15, and the other 38 Years; and they never knew any, but Vot. lfi. *

Borough

4C

when it was resolved.

That the Right of eleding Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for this Borough, is in such Freemen only, as have a Right to their Freedom by Birth, as eldeli Sons offrcemen, or by ferviogSeven Years Apprentice-5 V " ship,

mm

Grantham

Election,

454 i iQ_i jA. 1710.

ship, or have it by Redemption, whether inhabiting, " or not inhabiting, in the Borough at the Time of " their being made free." '

And the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses, ,to serve in Parliament for the Borough' of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, is in such Freemen only, as have a Right tp their Freedom by Birth, as eldest Sons of Freemen, or by serving Seven Years Apprenticeship, or have it by Redemption, inhabiting in the said Borough at the Time of their being made free.

That upon this the fitting Members, and their Counsel, declared to the Committee, they had nothing farther to offer; and the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas White, Esquire, is not duly eleffed a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham.

Resolved, That it is the Qpipion of this Committee, That Tho. West by, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of East Retford.

Resolved, That it is ^e Opinion of this Committee, That Willoughby Hickman, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of East Retford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Brian Cooke, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of East Retford,

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, Thn.t the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for die Borough of East Retford, by rating out the Names of the said Thomas White, Esquire, and Thomas Esquire, and inferring therein the Names of Willoughby tlickmaH, Esquire, and Brian Cooke, Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Freman also reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House': A,nd he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them, in at the Clerk’s Tabje; syhere they were read > and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir John Baronet,

complaining of an undue Rleflion, and Retuyn, of the Lord Marquis of Granby for the Rorough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln:

That, upon the Poll, the Votes for the Lord Grflnby. and the Petitioner were thus:

For the hox&Granby - ... 176:

For the Petitioner - - - - 175.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel infilled, that the Right of Election is in the Freemen of the Rorough, not receiving Alms, or weekly Collections.

That the Lord Granby’s Counsel infilled, that is a Borough by Prescription; and that the Freemen, receiving Alms, and Charity, have Rjgbt of voting.

That, to prove the Right of Election, as alleged by the Petitioner’s Counsel,

John Calcraft was called; who laid, he. has known the Borough between 40 and 50 Years, and Four or Five Elections, which have not been disputed: That the Freemen, receiving weekly Collect lop, have polled; the returning Officer took their Votes; but they were always objecteefto by the contrary Party.

Apd John Wha/ey said, he has known the Borough, 18-Years; and believed, those receiving weekly Collections, have not a Right to vote.

And the Committee came to this Resolution; v'z.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, is in the Freemen of the said Borough, not receiving Alms, or Charity.

Th^t, to disqualify, upon this Head, Three of the Lord Granbys Voters, viz. John Smith, Wm. Haskard,

and Cornelius O/borpe.

The Petitioner’s Counsel called

Joseph Whqley-, who produced TReceipts, one dated in May, and the other in June, lad, for 405. a-piece, Roor-irioney, then paid for the Hie of Smith and Hojkard; and said, that Smith has received Alms ever finpe 1709; that Hafkard has received weekly.Collections ever since; January, 1709; that Osborn has been gone from his Wife about Five Years* and that, to his Knowlege, she has received Charity, for berself, and Family, z6 Weeks.

At^d John Calcraft laid, Osborn has been chargeable

to thy Town Four or Five Years; and that his Wife receives if. 6 d.weekly Charity.

That the Lord Granby’s Counsel then admitted the Majority for the Petitioner, if those, receiving Aims* had no Right to vote.

That the Committee came to the following Refutations; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Lord Marquis of Granby is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for th* Rorough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Thorold, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

The said Refojutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed untp by the Hpufe.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning’ to amend the Return for the said Borough of Grantham, by rafing out the Name of the said Lord Marquis of , and inserting the

Name of Sir John Thorold, Baronet, instead thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House;, upon the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Prabffees, in, Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Inftry&ion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for fixing and settling the County Court for the County of (darn)arthen, wherein the Electron of a K-pightof the $hije,( to serve in Parliament for the said County, fijall hereafter be made, at toe Castle, oy Shire-ball, of Carmarthen.

And. then the House adjourned till.Tomorrow: Morning, Nipe a Clock.

V eneris, 12* die Januarii y

Anno g* Anna Regina;, 1710. Prayers.

MJR- Lowndes presented to the House (pursuant to-. their Address to her Majesty) An Account of, the-deficiencies of Grants^ and Funds, annually, from chaelmas, 1701, tp Michaelmas, 1710.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That-the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members, of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers^ of this Scifion.

Mr. Duncombpresented to the House (according to,

Order) a Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent. Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable 19 to

Bribery at Eletttow.

Deficiencies of Grants.

InfoWenfe

Debtor*

455

9 Ann. ii° — 13" Janmrii.

to make, and to restore them their Liberty; and the tame was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Sabbati\ 13* die;

Anno 9* Annie Reginas, 1710,

Raft Rftford, The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to &c. Return*, Order) amended the Return for the Borough of 'maxkd. Retford in the county of ; and also the

Return for the Borough of , in the County of

Lincoln.

Debtors A Petition of the poor distressed and insolvent Debtors,

Petition*, now in Prison in her Majesty’s Gaol within the City and County of Bristol, was predated to the House, and read; letting forth, that they have been long confined for Debt, and are in a miserable Condition, and Tome of them almost starved, having no other Subsistence, but the Charity of well-disposed Persons: And praying, that an Act may pass, for the Petitioners Discharge from their Confinement.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to oblige the Creditors of insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to rellore to them their Liberty, be read a Second time.

A Petition of a great Number of both Sexes, poor Prisoners, and insolvent Debtors, in the Prison of Freemen, and Free-women, of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in this Kingdom of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners are reduced to a miserable Necessity, by great Lolfes, unforeleen Accidents, and Decay of Trade, and mult inevitably perish, unless relieved by the Goodoeli of the House: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think proper, in their deplorable Condition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to oblige the Creditors of insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to rellore to them their Liberty, be read a Second time.

Supply. The House (according to Order) resolved itfclfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to foveral Refutations, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To*morrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

APerson Mr. Cafar reported from the Committee, appointed* committed j0 enquire into the Abuses in the Victualing, that they catioa*Var directed him to acquaint the House, that Stephen

Moxley (fommoned to attend the Committee) had upon his Examination before them, in Contempt the said Committee, very much prevaricated with them* and would not give direct Answera to such Questions, as* were required by the Committee.

Ordered, That the said Stephen Moxbe, for his said

Contempt, taken into the Custody of the Serioant af - Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned-till To*morrow' Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 16.

Praters.

/ORDERED. That Leave be given to bring in Affiz* of Bill to" explain, and make more effectual, the Act, Billet*, of the 43d Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act concerning the Assizes of Fewel," so far as it respects the Assize of Billets; and that Mr. Fertier, Sir Robert Dovers, and Mr. Richmond, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, and to whom was referred the Consideration of the Petition of IVm. Malet, Esquire; that they had considered the said Petition, and had come to a Resolution thereupon, and also to another Resolution, which they had directed to be reported to the House: And he read the said Resolutions in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; Where they Wete read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, that Leave be given so faring in a Bill for rectifying the Mistake, and enlarging the Time for a Composition, given by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reigd, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High Treafarei’,

" or Commillloners of the Treasury, for the Time " being, to compound with IVm. Malet, Esquire, for the Debt of his Father, for whom be was Surety, while " Receiver General of the County of Somerset, and City " o f Bristol."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to her Majesty, to enable bet Majesty to make a Contraft for the answering of aM Non specie Exchequer Bills, and converting the m1 into Specie.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rectifying the Mistake, and enlarging the Time for a Composition, given by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners " of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound " with IVm. Malet, Esquire, for die Debt of his Father " for whom he was Surety, while Receiver General of " the County of Somerset, and City of and

that Mr. Palmer, Sir IVm. Wyndham, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The 2d Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty, to enable her Majesty to make aiGorttraft for the answering of all Non-specie Exchequer Bills, and converting them into Specie.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to confides* Arrears of of the Arrears of Taxes, granted by Parliament, in whole. Tax*. Hands they are, and what has bfeen the Ofccafiori of such Arrears; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to* Sir Thomas Powys, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Corrance, Mr.

ring. Lord Duplin, Sir John Bland, Mr. Serjeant

Webb, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Wm. Whitlock,

Mr. Prise, Mr. Clark, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Campion, Mr. Lewis, Sir Mordaunt, Mr. Burslem, Sir Nich. Morice, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Downing, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Earl of Sir

Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Page, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Freman,

Mr. IValpoU, Me Gott, Mr. Mtor, Mr. r.

Manley, Mr. Foley, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mh GrimjfoH, Mf.

Gu/flon, Mr. Rownty\Mr. Bathurst, Si King, MH

Vernon,

45^ *3° — 150 Januarn. A. 1710.

Vernon, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Lecbmere, Mr. Finch, Mr. that by the mercilcls Cruelty of some of their Creditors

Hungerford, Mr. Smith, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Cefar, Mr. the Petitioners have been long imprisoned, who, though Goddard, Mr. Winington, Lord Doivne, Mr. Harley, the Petitioners offer up their All, will not consent to Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Monfton, Mr. Shaker ley. Sir Wm their Enlargement, which it obtained, they might be-Drake, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Ward: And they are to come serviceable Subjects in their several Employments: meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s And praying the Hpufe to take their long Bondage into Chamber; and have Power to fit de die in diem, and in a Confederation, so as they may be released therefrom. Morning; and have Power to fend for Perfops, Papers, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, and Records. until the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent

Ordered, That the Account, which hath been presented Debtors to accept the utmost; Satisfaction they are capable to the House, relating to the Arrears of Land Taxes, be to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, shall be referred to the Conliueration of the said Committee. read a Second time.

Imprest Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to esquire, how far the several Imprest Accomptants have passed their respective Accounts; and to consider of Methods, for the more effectual and speedy compelling the said Accomptants to pass such Accounts; and to obviate all Irregularities, and unnecessary Delays, in the fame; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Jekyll, Sir Thomas Powys, Mr. Smith, Mr. Harley, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Hen. Belbfts, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Lewis, Sir Peter King, Mr. Mr.

nion. Sir Rich. Onslow, Lord Mr. Ward, Mr.

Cunningham, Mr. Grimston, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Medlicot, Sir isaac Rebow, Mr. Manley, Banks, Sir Richard

Hoar, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Moor, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Goulflon, Mr. Newland, Sir Hanmer, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. Bayham, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Page, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Downing; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and they have Power to fit de die in diem, and in a Morning; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Auditors of the Imprest their Certificate, how far the Imprest Accomptants have passed their Accounts (presented to the House) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Person eom- Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this brought^ b* House, do bring Stephen Mox/ey (in his Custody) to the for Examine Committee, appointed to examine into Abuses in the tion. Victualing, when, and as often as he shall be required

by the Committee so to do.

Bribery at The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Elections. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Powys took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Powys reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill -, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Debtors

Petition.

Lunee, 150 die Januarii;

Anno 90 Annae Reginae, 1710.

Prayers.

AP E TITIO N of the poor insolvent Prisoners for Debt, in the Gaol for the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

A Petition, and Cafe, of the numerous distressed, and pe,.rt"* long confined, Prisoners for Debt in the Qiecn’s Bench uc*’ Prison, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners(with others)have made repeated Applications to this House for their Liberty: That in the last Session of Parliament a Bill passed this House, for the Relief of all insolvent Debtos, but it did not pass the House of Lords: And praying, that a Bill may now pals into a Law, for the like Purposes, the able Petitioners being willing to go into her Majesty’s Service.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to restore them to their Liberty, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Hundreds’of Gentlemen, Merchants, and such, as have been considerable Traders, with a far greater Number of Handicraft Tradesmen, &c.

Prisoners in the Queen's Bench Prison, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Multitudes of Persons lie languishing in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, under greater Miseries, than can be comprehended, but by those that feel them: That the Weight of these Miseries falls on such only, as would pay their Debts, were they able, and are ready to come to any Composition for their Liberty; who are now shut up, as it were, in their Graves by the mcreiless Cruelty of their Creditors, who otherwise might yearly diminish their Debts, and be advantageously employed against the common Enemy: That there is Room to suppose, her Majesty, in her Speech at opening of this Session, had the poor Prisoners in View, when ihe expresses herself l'enfibly touched with what her People futfered by so long and expensive a War: That, might the Petitioners be permitted, they would enlarge upon the Difference between Persons, who have lived in Plenty, and dealt for Thoul'ands, and such, whose Dealings and Debts, are under an Hundred Pounds to one Man: And praying, that some Remedy may be applied for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, and that the Petitioners may have a Share of the Companion of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Olav in Southwark, in the County of Surry, together with the principal Inhabitants of the adjacent Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that about 18 Months ago above 500 Palatines were brought into the said Parish, and continued together in one Place" several Months, dangerous Distem-pers being amongst them: That in October last: about 200 of them are come again (supposed from Ireland) into the said Parish, inhabiting in one House: That the Petitioners are extremely fearful, some contagious Distempers may happen thereby; and that they, having not wherewithal to subsist, are likely to become chargeable, to the utter Ruin of the said Parish: And praying such Relief, as shall be thought fit, for the said Parish.

Ordered, That the Lid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the

Matter

Fsnjn

fr-Titm

fcltp

Ws

I'Ml I JvlL

H

U

*n

:h

A

it

7

4

e i

9 Ann.

150 — 16° Januarii.

457

Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Finch, Mr. Nicholas, Sir . Wm. St. Quintin, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Levinz, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Wm.Whitlock, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Mr. Cholmondley,

Mr. Cholmley, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir Robot Dovers,

Lieutenant General Erie, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. IVykes, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Go/t, Mr. , Lord Barry-

more, Mr. Burslem, Sir Fra.Vincent, Mr. Bertie, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Peyton, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. CroJJe, Mr. North, Mr. Smithjon, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Mr. Windsor, Mr. Ward, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Jennings,

Mart is, 16° die Januarii;

Anno 9* Annas Begins, 1710. Prayers.

MR. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, that their Addresses, of the 5th and 8th Instant, had been presented to her Majesty; That (he will please to give Direction to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, Accounts, relating to the Poundage, and Day’s Pay, deducted out of the Pay of the Army; of the Deficiences of the Grants, and of the Funds, since Michael-

Answer t* Addrrflitt.

- - 1701; of the Payment of her Majesty’s Proportions

Sir Geo. NewlauJ, \lr. Ttotman, Sir John Mr. Gf Subsidies to her Allies; of all Pensions, payable out of

Firman, Mr. Duckinmtque, Mr. Cefat, is\t Rich, living, the Revenue, and Warrants and Directions for Pensions;

Pji6W*. England, Sir Wm. lbythers, Mr. and also of the Distributions of the Contingences, and

Hvrtg-ujon, Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Clark, Colonel Forage and Waggon Money, granted for the Forces in Grjw/, Mr. Lewts, Mr. Duncomb, ir Hen. Johnson, Sir Flanders, in her Majesty’s Pay; and of the Distributions Edmund Lacon, Mr. Cur Jon, Mr. L oyd, bir Roger of the Money, granted for Contingences of the Guards,

Mojlyr. Mr New/and, Lord Wnujor, Mr Praed, Mr. GarifonSt and Und Forces, in Great Britain: and that

Fo ey. Lord Rya.ton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. her Majesty had been pleased to give Directions, for

laying all the said Accounts before this House, except

Harcourt, Mr. HungerforJ, Mr. , Mr. Manley,

and all that lerve for the Counties of Middlesex, FJ (be Accounts of Contingences: and that the Account, Surrey, and Kent, and for the City of London: And they touchi the Deficiences of the Grants, and Funds, had

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speak-

er’s Chamber; and have J.eave to fit in a Morning, and Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do inquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Great Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for naturalizing foreign

" Prorestants;" and that Mr. Campion, Mr. Finch, and setting forth, that the extreme Poverty of the Petitioners Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. is such, as, they hope, will move the House to com-

miferate them, and their Families, who are become bur-Sir William Wyndham(according to Order) presented thenfome to the County and Town of Apleby, where clowa.*0 to ^ouk’ a for rectifying the Mistake, and en- they reside: And praying, that the Bill now depending I0WI. larging the Time for a Composition, given by an Act of in the House, to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty s Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable Reign, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, may pass Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the

" Time being, to compound with Wm.Malet, Esquire,

for the Debt of his Father, for whom he was Surety,

" while Receiver General for the County of Somerset,

" and City of BriflolJ and the same was received.

Foreign Frotetiaatt Nat. repeal tL

Mulct’s

already been laid before the House, and that other of the Accounts were preparing, and would soon be laid before the House; but that, as to the Account of Contingences, it was not possible, from the Nature of the Service, which requires the utmost Secrecy, for any Account of them to be made; but that they were really distributed.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, imprisoned in the County Gaol o fWestmorland, on the behalf of themselves,

and all others, was presented to the House, and read;

Debtors

Petitions.

Public

Debts.

fcpply.

Ordered, That Sir William Wythers, Sir Wm. Coriton,

into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners, and insolvent Debtors, in the Gaol at Carli/le, for the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting’ forth, that many of them are aged and infirm, have

Colonel Cafs, Mr. Vernon, be added to the Committee, been many Years imprisoned, and ruined and distretted

to whom it is referred to examine, and state the publick Debts, for which no Provision is made by Parliament

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed . O That Mr. Bracebridge, and Mr. Carter, be Mine him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several "me* Creditors, Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, on, PanF>

and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, is referred.

Families, and ail of them in a miserable Condition, unable to pay their Debts, or to subsist themselves: And praying the House to commifcrate their unfortunate Circumstances, and find some Measures to release them from their Imprisonments.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, shall be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers a\fo acquainted the House, that he was'

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vo 1. 16.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-five thousand Pound

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Leave of Absence.

Limiting Officers in the Houlie.

4

Palatines.

4

Malet’s Debt to the Crown.

Rutland

Eiaaimw

per Annum, be grated toher Majesty, to enable her Majesty to contract for answering all Non-specie Exchequer Bills, by exchangjig them from time to time for ready Money.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the (4>d annual Sum, not exceeding £. 4.5,000 be granted, and continued, until Que Million of the Principal upon all Exchequer Bills be paid off, and the Bills for fp much cancelled.

The laid Befolmionj, being severally read a Second tims, were, upon the Que (lion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Revived, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refolYe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzvoillia have Leave to go info the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occafians-

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for (curing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Wort ley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wortley reported from the Committee, that they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to it, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon fhurfday Morning next.

Mr. finch reported from the Committee, who are to inquiry upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines camo over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Britain, and for maintaining them here* and by Whom paid; that they had ditched him to move the That an humble Address be presented

to her Majesty, tl»at the Commission, constituting Trustees for the Distribution of the Charity, collected for the Polafkes, and affoajl Orders, and other Papers, relating to the bringing over, and subsisting, the said may bf laid before this House.

Resolved, That an bumble Address he presented to her Majesty, that (he will pfeafe to give Direction, that the Comuuffion, couftituting Trustees for Distribution of the Charity, colfefted for the Palatines, and all Orders, and Other Papers, relating to the bringing over, and subsist-ipg, the said, Palatines, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for rectifying the Mistake, and enlarging the Time for a Composition, given by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, tf or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, " to compound with Wm. Malet, Esquire, for the Debt " of his Father, for whom he was Surety, while Re- ceiver General for the County of and City of

" Bristol,"was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Election for the County of Rutland

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petitions* complaining of the said Election, were read; and some Witnesses were examined on the Part of the Petitioners.

And the Counsel being directed to withdraw;

The Statute, 7 of 8* Wilhelmi, Caf. touching the

Oath, and Mortgagees, was read.

And the Cafes in the Journal of 1695, in relation to

*5

the Elections for the Counties of Hertford and Surrey, were read.

And a Motion being made, That the Petitioner be admitted to give pdrol Evidence of the Mortgage of a Mortgagee, in Possession of Lands, for which the Mortgager voted against the Petitioner, without producing the Mortgage Deed;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " parol."

And the Question being put, " That the Word,

" parol " (land Part of the Queston;

It was resolved in the Affirmative,

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, before the Word "Mortgagee,’* these Words " Person alleged to be."

And the Question being put, That those Words be inferred;

It passed in the Negative.

Then thq main Question was put;

Resolved, That the Petitioner be admitted to give parol Evidence of the Mortgage of a Mortgagee, in possession of Lands, for which the Mortgager voted against the Petitioner, without producing the Mortgage Deed.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candle*.

And Candles were brought in accordingly.

The House being informed, that some Words of Heat had passed between Mr. Finch and My. Noell, Members of this House; they were required by the House to give their Words and Honours, not to prosecute the Matter any farther.

And they severally, (landing up in their Places, accordingly promised, they would not prosecute the Matter any farther.

Then the Counsel were called in again: And Mr.

Speaker acquainted them with the said ilesolution.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the Merits of tire Election for the County of Rutland be adjourned till ThursdayMorning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 170 die Januarii \

Anno 9* Anna; Reginte, 1710.

Prayers.

AP ET IT IO N of the poor Prisoners for Debt and Debtor, Damages, confined in the Sheriff’s Ward at Bodmyn, Petition, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have been a long time confined, and are utterly unable to pay their.

Debts, in a miserable Condition, their Families ruined, and they have no Hopes of their Enlargement, without the charitable Assistance of the House: And praying, that the House will provide fotne speedy ... for their-Liberty.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, shall be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- Penfiom. missioners of Excile attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of Pensions, payable out of the hereditary and temporary Excise.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

The

9 Ann. i j° Jantiarii*

The said Account of Pensions is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

rtnfiw- The House being informed, that a Person from the Treasurer of the Chamber attended, he waa called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of all the Pensions, payable out of the Treasurer of the Chamber's Office.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account of Pensions is bound up with the otlter Papers of this Session.

Pitt®. The House being informed, that a Person from the Poll Office attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of all Pensions, payable out of her Majesty’s Revenue of the Poll Office, and to u horn, and when, granted.

(And then he withdrew.

Ar.d the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

to be perused by the Me:;.Lets of the House.

The said Account of Pensions is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ditto. The House being informed, that a Person, belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of annual Pensions, or Rents, charged on the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie uj>on the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account of Pensions ;s bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ditto. The House being informed, that a Person from the honourable Spencer Compton, Esquire, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of her Majesty’s Pensioners, paid by the said Mr. Compton, Paymaster of divers annual Pensions and Bounties.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Oidered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account of Pensions is bound up with the other Papers this Session.

OldOrdnance A Petition of AdamBrown, Edmund Ward, and John Debt. Downes. in behalf of thorn (elves, and others, the poor Creditors of the old Debt of the Office of Ordnance, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Contract with the Office of Ordnance (in the Reign of King Charles the ad) the Petitioners were employed in building, and repairing, the Berwick, Plymouth,

Harwich, Hull, biewcaf.ic, Guerttfey,

Titfntry, and Pertfmonth, add forte of the Petitioners did

supply the said Office with Guns, Powder, and other necessary Stores; for all Which Services there remains due to the Petitioners ,£.97,722. i for which

they have Debentures, as appears by a Report from thfc present Ordnance Office, of the 14th Jan. last, annexed to the Petition, sufficieatiy shewing the Justnels of the Debt, and Milery of the Petitioners; many of whom were obliged (to perform their Con trad) to borrow Money at Interest, which they have been unable to repay, and have been imprisoned for it, and their Families ruined; and others, being aged, are reduced to great Wants, the Properties of the said Debentures being Hill vested in the original Contractors, and their Dcfcendants;

That those Forts, and unperilhable Stores, as Brass and Iron Guns, Shot, Small Arms, &c. are yet remaining in her Majesty’s Garisons: And praying, that the House will take their miserable same into Consideration, and grant them Relief, who are above 500 Persons concerned, hoping the House will esteem the said Debt to be national.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, appointed to examine, and state, the publick Debts of the Navy, and other publick Offices, for which no Provision is made by Parliament.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses, and other Kennet chief Inhabitants, of the Borough of Whitchurch, in the Navigation. County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners are fully fitisfied, the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River Kennet navigable, will not only be advantageous to the neighbouring Country, but an Improvement to Trade: And praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Ditto, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for making the River Kennet navigable, which will be very prejudicial to the said Borough, and the Places adjacent, and no ways answer the Ends of the Bill: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel agairtil the said Bill, before the same pase into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brydges presented to the House (purfoant to their payment of Address to her Majesty) An Account of the Payment of Subsidies. her Majesty’s Proportions of the Subsidies, granted the last Sessions of Parliament for her Majesty’s Allies, for the Service of the Year 1710, with an Abstract, Ihcwing how much remains unpaid of the Sums so granted.

And the Title of the Account was read.

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

PAYMENTS.

Paid for her Majesty’s Proportion of the King of Denmark*% Subsidies, for Three Quarters, £. s. d.

ending the 15 September, 1710- - - - - 28,464 16 —

Paid the King of Pa.tugal, for her Majesty’s Proportion of the Charge of 13,000 Men, for One

Year, ending the last of December, 1710 - -- i^q,oooo -

Memorandum: By the Accounts received from the Deputy Paymaster in Portugal (which was for the Month of October last) the said Subsidy appeared to be paid to the last of September preceding, and the Money, since taken up by the said Deputy Paymaster, being sufficient to answer the said Subsidy to the last of December following, the same is here inserted accordingly.

Paid for her Majesty’s Proportion of the Duke of Savoy’s ordinary Subsidy, for One Year,

ending the 3d ef February, 17'"- --- - ----- 138,888 17 7

Paid upon Account, and in Part of a Sum, not exceeding £. 100,000 granted for an extra1

Subsidy for the said Duke of Savoy, for the Service of the Year 1710 - - - - 50,000-

Paid for her Majesty’s Proportion of the Elector of Treves' Subsidy, for Three Months, ending

23d of March, 17,9r ----- ----- - 1,453 9 10

Voi~ 16. Paid

Cariifle

Writ.

Rutland

Election.

Ways and Means*

17* — 13° Januarii.

A. 1710.

Paid for her Majesty Proportion of the King of Prussia'$ Subsidy for 8,000 Men in , for Six

Months, ending the i5thof7#/p, 1710 - - - 25,000 — — -

Paid upon Account of her Majesty’s Proportion of the Agio, Bread, and Forage, for the 12,000

Prussians in the Netherlands, for the Year 1710 - 16,513 13 8$

Paid for her Majesty’s Proportion of an additional Subsidy to the Landgrave of on

Account of Two Regiments of Horse of his Troops, which were in Italy, for Six Months, ending the First of May, 1710 - -- 7,936 10 1

£43M57 7 2$

Ah ABSTRACT of what remains not paid of the Sum of £. 567,845. 14;. 4 granted by Parliament for her Majesty Proportion of Subsidies for her Majesty’s Allies, for the Service of the Year 1710; viz.

Sums granted* Whereof paid. Remains not paid.

£ d. £ d. £. s. d.

To the King of Denmark - - - - 37,500 28,464 16 — 9,035 4 —

- - King of Portugal - 150,000 150,000 —

- - Duke o( Savoy, ordinary Subsidy - - - Ditto extra* not exceeding - 160,000 158,888 17 7 1,in 2 5

100,000 — — 50,000 50,000

- - Landgrave of He/fe ----- 5.952 7 6 - 5,952 7 6

- Elector of Treves - - - - 5.952 7 6 *.453 9 10 4,498 17 8

- - Elector Palatine ----- 4,761 18 6 - 4,761 18 6

- - King of Prussia ----- 50,000 25,000 — - — 25,000 — —

- - Agio, Bread, and Forage, for the Prussians 37,012 7 6 16,513 13 8| 20,498 13 9*

- Landgrave of HeJ/eadditional Subsidy 16,666 13 4 7,936 10 1 8,73° 3 3

£ 567,845 14 4 438,257 7 2i 129,588 7 ii

Memorandum: Of the aforesaid Sum of £ 129,588. 7 s. 1 unpaid of the said Subsidies, there remains in the Paymaster’s Hands, in Tallies upon the General Mortgage, 1710, the Sum of £ 31,353. 17s- 4 hut the Payment of the said Tallies being remote, cannot be itfued, without allowing a Discount which would be a Prejudice to the publick Credit, and the Remainder, being 98,234. 9*. iS{ d. is occasioned by the Deficiency of the Funds of the Year 1709, whereof £ 133,750. 17 3d. fell upon the Service of the Forces

abroad. J-

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle, in the room of Brigadier Thomas Stanwix, who, since his Election for the said City, hath been by her Majesty made Governor of Gibraltar.

Ordered, That the House do proceed in the farther Consideration of the Merits of the EIeftion for the County of Rutland, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Dine

Jovis, 18® die Januarii;

Anno 9* Annas Regina?, 1710.

Prayers.

A PETITION of George Esquire, Ann -ventry. Widow, and IVm. Coventry, Esquire, on behalf of themselves, and of Dame Mary Treby, Widow, and others, surviving Executors of Sir Geo. Treby, Knight, late Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and in behalf of Brindley Treby, Esquire (an Infant) Sir Fran. Drake, Baronet, Henry Esquire, Geo.

Yard, and Frances, his Wife, Payne, the younger,

and Eliza, his Wife, Ursula l/aack, Spinster, Sam. Pierce, Esquire, and John Belfteld, Esquire, was prel'ented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Esquire, did mortgage all that the capital Messuage, Barton, and Demesnes, of the dissolved Nunnery of Pel-lejloe, in the County of Devon, to Sir Geo. , and Ann Coventry, for £. 7,000, and afterwards mortgaged the

Equity of Redemption thereof to Sir Fra. Drake, and John Buller, Esquire, deceased, the Executors of Sir Henry Pollexfen, deceased, for £. 3,000 more, and died: That the Mortgage Money, and a great Arrear of Interest, remaining unpaid, several Suits have been had between the Mortgagees, and Heirs and Relations of Sebastian, touching the said Estate, which is much wasted thereby, to the great Inconvenience of all the Parties concerned, who are come to an Agreement for Sale of the Premises, in order to discharge the Incumbrances thereon, and for the Distribution of the Surplus; but the said Trustees cannot be indemnified, nor the Infant’s Estate well conveyed, without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Estate of the said Sebastian l/aack, f >r Payment of the Debts chargeable thereupon, and for Distribution of the surplus Money.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Ward,

Isaack’t

Eilat*.

-tta

)ior<

trftk

Mli

Ann.

i 8°---190 J an u aril.

461

Pensions.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Limiting Oftcrrs in tbt House.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Ward and Mr. Wort ley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House being informed, that a Person from the Auditor of Wales attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account of the Pensions, issuing out of the Revenues of N>.rth and South Wales, and also the Alienation Office.

And then he withdrew.

And tl ic Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account of Pensions is bound up with the other Papers of this Siffion.

The House being informed, that a Person from the Alienation Office attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account ot what Pen-lions are paid in the Alienation Office.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account of Pensions is bound up with the other Papers of this S.ffion.

The House being informed, that a Person from the Cofferer’s Office attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, A Particular of all the Pen-lions, now payable out of her Majesty’s Cofferer’s Office to Servants oft he IT ufhold, Widows,

And then lie wi, hdrew.

And the T itle of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers ol this Session.

The Orders of the Day being rea l;

0>dend, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the B 11 for securing the Freedom of Parliaments. by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons, was committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor infol vent Del tors to accept the utn.oft Satislafliou they are capable to make, and to rest ore to them their Liberty, be read a Second time upon this Day Seven-night.

After which the Counsel Withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the.Question being put. Candles, That Candles be brought in;

1 he House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Ti-llerj for the Not!, J ttr^Fage: j <fi-

So was rcfblved in the Affirmative. , /

And; they were brought in accordingly.;

And the Counsel being called in again; the Counsel for the fitting Members were heard:

And being withdrawn:

It moved, and'acquiesced in, as the Sense of the House, that the fitting Member should deliver in Lists of such Voters, for the Petitioner, as were intended to be objected to, and of such, as the fitting Member would infill to have added to his own Poll, as being refused to be taken.

Whereupon the Counsel on both Sides were called in

again

And Mr. Speaker acquainted the fitting Member’s Counsel with what the House expelled.

Whereupon the Count'd, and Agents, delivered in such Lifts.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were direcded to withdraw.

Afterwards Mr Speaker desired to fenow the Pleasure of the House, whether the Clerk might give Copies of those Lifts to the Petitioner: Which the House acquielced in, that he might do.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the Merits of the said Elc&ion be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election Tavistock for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, Election, before the Committee of Privileges and Elc&ions, be adjourned until Tue/Jay next, in the Afternoon.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow (after the M'wbm Committee, for considering farther of Ways and Means Q'^'i’ication. for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons.

Ways Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Mean*. Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of Ways and Means for raffing the Supplies granted to her Majesty, the Resolution. they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Rcfoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by an Act, of the last Session ot Pai liament, were continued for One Year, until the 24th Day of June, 1711, be farther continued for One Year, from the a;d Day of June, 1711, until the 24th Day of which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1712, and no longer.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bid be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sit Tho. Powys, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lozcndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Rutland The House (according to Order) proceeded in the iMtion. f;Uther Consideration of the Merits of the Elc&ion for the County of Rutland.

And the Counsel were called in, and several Witnesses examined on the Petitioner’s Part.

You 16.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be farther ad- Call of the journed till this Day Fortnight; and that such Members, H°uk* as shall not then attend, be Cent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Bnbeiy at night, rcloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tleftions. upon the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in the Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 190 die Januarii;

Anno 9* Ann® Regin®, 1710.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor i nfolvent Debtors in her Debtors Majesty’s Gaol in Chelmsford, in the County of Petition. £Jfcjr, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have been a long time imprisoned, without any Hopes of Enlargement, but by the Relief of the House; who now having under their Consideration some Methods, for the Releasement of poor iofolvent Debtors out of Prison, the Petitioners, pray, that they may partake, with others, the Favours of the House.

6 A Ordered,

c.

463

19° — 20* Jamtarii.

A. rj\Q.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, gnttf the Bill t oblige the Creditors of poor info!vent Debtors to accept the utmoljt Sjatisfodion they are capable to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, shall be read a Second time.

Arrears of Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden, Sjir John

Taxes. Mr. Winstanley, Mr. Ireton, \fr. Farrar, Mr.

Gploijel Lee, Snr Wml Contort, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Mr. bmithfon, Mr. Lambt Mr. Mr. Snell, Mr. Curfon, Mr. Chapman, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Wallis, Mr. Downing, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Duncomb, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Arrears of Taxes, granted, by Parliament, and what has been the Occasion thereof.

r <y

Debtors A petition of the poor insolvent Debtor?, in the Gaol

Petition. L^rcbpfter, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, that by Losses and Misfortunes they are rer cfopedto the utmost Extremity of Poverty and Want, and, without the Relief, mult fall Vi dims, by starving, to their merciless Creditors, who-refuse to accept of all that the Petitioners have, seeking rather Revenge, than Satjsfaftfon j That, if the Petitioners had their Liberty, they might be made serviceable tp their Queen and Qopnfry: Apdpraying the House to provide any Means for their Relief.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, untifthe Bill to oblige the Creditors of insolvent Debtors tp acpqpt the utjnoft Satisfaction they are capable to majtp, and to restore to them their Liberty, be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; Mf. C<mers presented- to the House (according to

Matt Duties. Order) a Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 17115 and the same was received, and read

tforFirft Time-

'Refitted, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Way* The House (according to Order) refohred itself into a u^Meaos. Committee of the whole House, tp consider farther of Ways, and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mt. Speaker left, the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Comtpittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made lbme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had dire<sted him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. to- consider farther of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Members Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

Qualification. Jng next, refoiye itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 20* die Januarii;

Anno 9* Annae Reginse, 1710.

t»

PLAYERS

1 (back’s TV/TR. Wortley presented to the House (according to

Estate. 1V1 Order) a Bill for the Sale of the Barton and Farm of Petleftoe, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of Sebastian Isaack, Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, and for Distribution of the surplus Money; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read aSeoond time.

A Bill for charging and continuing, the- Duties upon Supply Bit; Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Malt Dutiw Year 1711, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon. Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of t,he whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision for satisfying the Deficiencies of the Money upon the Regifte#r of the Act, for granting the said Duties, which expired the 23d Day of June last.

A Petition of the several Maltsters of die Town of dover, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners receive daily great Abuses from the Gaugers, in tumbling their Corn, and treading it, in meaforing with theBufhel in the Couch after wetting, so that, by bruising, it never Can come to work into Malt; and that, notwithstanding the last Clause in the late Act of Parliament, to prevent fraudulent wetting of Corn, yet those, that live at Dif- . tance from a Town, may run Wettings, if so minded*

That, to prevent these Abuses, the Petitioners all agree to wet Corn but twice a Week, and to give in their Entries what Days they will wet, and be obliged to let it lie iivthe Ciftem, under Water, 48 Hours, and 24. Hours.after the Water runs from it, desired, it m-y be deemed Couch, for the Gauger to take his Gauge at any time within the said Hours, for that there is no true Gauge, as they now gauge it* in the Couch; which Course, if taken, will not only bring the full Duty to her Majesty, but Two-thirds of the Excise Officers will be sufficient to culleft it: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Confederation, and relieve the Petitioners therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for die Service of the Year 1711, is committed.

The House being informed, that the Sheriff of the Shire of Wigtown attended, according to Order,

A Petition of the Barons, and Freeholders, of the Sheriffdom and County of Wigtown, under-fobferibing, relating to his Proceedings at the EJedion of a Commissioner for the said Shire of Wigtown, was presented, to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Constitution of Parliament doth essentially depend upon maintaining the Right? and Privileges of the Freeholders from all Eitt-croachments; and, though the Laws of Scotland are plain and certain, touching Election? to Parliament,.yet several Persons intruded themselves in the last Election.of a Commissioner for the said Shire, whose Names were given in by Sir James Agnew, the Sheriff,; though they had not the lead Pretence of Right; viz. James M‘DaugaJl, Ro* bert Dalrymple, and Lieutenant John besides

Minors, and others, incapable to vote; an Encroachment upon the Barons intolerable, and, if not taken Notice: of may prove of fatal Consequence to North t That

besides the said illegal Practices of the Sheriff, he has coc yet made a Return of their Commissioner; so that they have no Representative, and still may have, none, since it is optional to Sheriffs to make Returns at their Pleasure:

And praying, that the House. will speedily take the Matter into Consideration, and punish the said Intruders, and Sheriff, as their Crimes may deserve, to deter others far the future from the like Attempts.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon, the Table.

Then the Order, for the Sheriff of the Shire of Wigtown's Attendance, was read; and he was called in to the Bar, and by Mr. Speaker a/ked, what he had to offer m

Excuse

liaitinfi imn k tlou

WigfcMv*

Eioftio*

ikm

ki

Ml

V

Ann.

at)® — 12' yanitarii.

463

Limiting Officer* in the House*

Excafe for kb sat making a Return for the fiud Shire in dee Time.

And be acquainted the Hoofir, that it was by an EriOr

of his Clerk j for the Matter of Returns in Scotland being very little known in that Country, his Clerk, by Mi flake, annexed the Writ for a Proclamation to the Indenture of Return; and he (being very much out of Order ia attending the Election all Night) signed what his Clerk brought, without perceiving the Mistake, both Writs being written in Chancery Hand, and in Latin:

That he had no Design of Prejudice to the fitting Member; for what he had done was out ot Ignorance; and begged Pardon of the House, and hoped) be should be exculed.

And he delivered in the Writ of Proclamation, which, with the Indorsement, was read.

And then the Sheriff withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Sheriff do attend this House at the hearing of the Merits of the Election for the said Shire of Wigtown, which is appointed to be the 3d Day of February next

The Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Wort ley reported from the Committee of the whole

admitted to proto his voting at the skid Ete&ioh contrary to the Poll then taken by the Sheriff.

it passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And several other Witnesses were examined on thd fitting Members behalf.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the Merita of the said Election be adjourned till Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock,

L,un<e% 2 20 die;

Anno 9* Annas Regina*, 1710.

Prayers.

MR. Attorney General presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty.

An Account of all Prosecutions for Riots, dr any other . Prosecutions, that have been, at any tkne since her Ma-

House, to whom the Bill for lecunng the Freedom of bappy Accession to the Throne, ordered by the

Parliaments, by hmtting the Number of Officers in the Crown, or carried on at the Expence of the Crown, that House of Commons, was committed, the Amendments have concerned any Borough or Place, that hath Right they had d.reded to be reported to the House; whtch he to fend Member* to Parliament, and also, read in his Place.and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s An Account of all Noli that have, since her

Table; where they were once read throughout, and the Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne, been entered, fitft Amendment was read a Second time, and, upon the or ordered to be entered, to Prosecutions, and what has Question put thereupon, agreed unto'by the House.

The 2d Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was praposed to be made thereunto, by adding " Lord Advocate, Lord Clerk Register, and Solicitor General, in Scotland."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended.

Ordered, That; the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Prosecutkm for Riots.

Noli

prosequi's.

Stafford

Election.

Rutland

Elt&ion.

Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, (which was appointed for this Day) be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

been done thereupon, which concern any Borough, or Place, that fends Members to Parliament; and also,

An Account of alt Applications, that have been made Writs to her Majesty for the issuing Writs mandatory, which man<k,ory* concern any Borough, or Place, that fends Members to' Parliament, and of all such Writs, as have issued, or have been ordered to issue, by the special Direction of the Crown, with all Papers, and Reports, relating thereto, except Three Reports relating to the j, which

Enquiry hath been made for in the Secretary of State's Office, but are not found there.

The Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr.. Lowndes pfefented to the House, An Abstract of Revenues of the Accounts of the Revenues of the Crown, Taxes, and Crown, Moneys borrowed, for one Year, to wit, front c‘

The House proceeded in the farther Consideration of

the Merits of the Election for the County of Rutland.

And the Counsel being called in , and divers Witnesses

being examined on the Part of the titling Member; A,

Arid one Jo:m Taykr (one of the said Witnesses) being *7 ,^’ J?.

examined on the Petitioners behalf, touching the Time f ,u *< M fvT 'r* *r w

r- , ... r That the said Abstracc do he upon the Table,

of the granting an Annuity to him (trie r reehold, for , r , u

, . R. , . r u ’ r 1 to be perused by the Members of the House.

which he voted) to which the fitting Member s Counter rf, r.,7A, ., .,

!» " Thpa" ofte’session "P "" 0tl,'r

And Counsel withdrew:

Resolved, That John Taylor, being produced as a Witness by the fitting Member, be examined by the Petitioner, when his Anuruity was granted.

And the Counsel were called i« again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Refutation.

A nd the Witness was examined touching that Matter; and other Witnesses were also examined to other Matters;

And then the Counsel withdrew.

Candles. Ordered, That Candles be brought in'.

And they were brought in accordingly.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in the Poultry Compter, London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that many of the Petitioners have been in Prison near Seven Years, lying on the Boards, and having little eife but Bread and Water; and Closeness of the Place, and Numbers of Prisoners, have bred aPeftilentious Distemper amongst themselves: That Two or Three have died in a Day, for Months past: That many of them have Wives and Children abroad, in a starving Condition; and have not wherewithal to satisfy their Creditors; but, if they had their Liberty, they might be

Debtors

Petition.

And the Counfd were called in again; and other Wit- serviceabie to their Queen and Country: And praying, nesses were examined on the fitting Member’s behalf. that the House will take their deplorable same into Con* And one Samuel Freeman being offered, to prove sideration, and find some way to set them at Liberty. Persons voting on the fitting Member’s behalf, who are Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, entered on the Sheriff’s Poll, to have- passed for the until the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Petitioner; Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable

The Counsel were directed to withdraw. to make, and to restore to them their liberty, shall be

And the Question being put, That Samuel Freeman be read a Second time.

Vox.. 16. A Petition

22° — 23° Januarii.

A. 1710.

Debtors

Petitions.

Foreign

Prottr/tants

Nat.

repealed.

A Petition of the poor Debtors in the Gaol at IVin-chester, for the County of Swas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they have been so long languishing in Prison, that they are wiHing to yield up all they have to their Creditors, to obtain their Liberty, in order to get a future Livelihood for their ne-cefiitous Families: And praying the House to take the miserable same of poor Prisoners in general into Consideration, and that feme Relief may be found out for them.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in the Prison of Newgate, London, was presented to the House, and read.; setting forth, that by many Misfortunes the Petitioners are reduced to the utmost Want and Poverty, and are like to continue intombed alive, through the merciless Rigour of their Creditors, to whom they have offered (and are Hill willing; their All, for their Liberty, that they might thereby get a Livelihood; but they refuse to accept the fame; so that the Petitioners have no Hopes of being released from their Bondage, but by the charitable Companion of the House: And praying the House to consider of some Methods for their Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to rellorc to them their Liberty, shall be read a Second time.

Mr, Campion presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to repeal the late Act for a general Naturalization; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Way* and Means.

Supply Bill;

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Malt /Duties whole House, upon the Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1711.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, when the Report is made.

Hyth, tec. Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Elections. Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Port ot Hyth, and for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Borough of Colchester, in the County of EJJ'ex, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Palatines. The House being informed that Mr. Southwell (one of the Clerks of the Council) attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Copies of several Orders of Council relating to the Palatines.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies be referred to the Con-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty. ’

The House resolved itself into a Comnhittee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Pjrogress in the Matter to them re-, ferred; and had directed him to move, that they may have .'Leave to fit again. 'I

Resolved ', That this House will, upon Morn--

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to Consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 2 30 die Januarii j

Anno 9° Annae Reginae, 1710.

Prayers.

ABIL L to repeal the Act for a general Naturali- Foreign zation, was read a Second time. . Proteitauli

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. lsat'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply.

The Order of the Day, for proceeding in the farther 1 Considerr.tion, of the Merits of the Election for the County of Rutland, being read:

The House proceeded accordingly.

And the Counsel were called in; and several Witnesses were examined on the fitting Members behalf, and: several other Witnesses on the Part of the Petitioner.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in acc rrdingly.

And the Counsel were called in again; and feme other Witnesses examined on the Petitioner’s behalf; and afterwards the Counsel on both Sides were heard:

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being* put. That the honourable John , Esquire, is duly elected a Knight, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Rutland;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

jMr. Wortlcy,

Rutland

Election.

Candles.

Tellers for the Yeas,

£Mr. Pelham,

| 98.

1187.

Tellers for the Noes, £££,.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Richard Halford, Esquire, is duly elected a Knight, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for sideration of the Committee, who are appointed to in- the County of Rutland, by rafing out the Name of the 1 " 17 *L~ honourable Esquire, and inserting the Name

of Richard Halford, Esquire, instead thereof.

quire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid.

And the said Copies of Orders of Council are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Eletfion for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, at the Bar of this House (which was adjourned to this 15 Day)

Stafford

Election.

J

9 Ann.

2 30 — 240 Januarii.

465

Day) be farther adjourned until Thursday Morning Exchequer, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar,

next.

TttvitWk

Election.

Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of ‘Tav ipthe County of before the Committee of Privileges and, Ele<fttons.(which was adjourned to this Day) be farther adjourned till Thtnjday next, in the Afternoon.

Roppl? Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Duues. whole Uoufe, to whom the Bill for charging, and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Petty,

prefen ted to the House, An Account of Pensions, payable at the Receipt of her Majesty’s Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account of Pensions is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the Supply Bill;

Members

QaeJificatkm.

received Tomorrow Morning

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do then attend this House.

Re/ohed, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Palatines.

for the Service of the Year 1711, was committed, be whole House, to whom the Bill for charging, and con- Malt Duties.

tinuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1711, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, which be read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table i where the same were once read throughout,

House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parlia- >"d hen . Second time, one by one, and upon the menu, by the Ember qualifying the Membeta to fit in feKrally P" <h"'uPM- agreed unto by the

the House of Commons. Arid a Claofc being offered to be added to the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow That the Excite Officers shall measure all Malt by the Morning, Nine a Clock. Ga"p «»ly. wnd not by the BuOicl, as they now do.

0 The Clause was read the First time, and ordered to be

----- read a Second time.

And the House being informed, that the Commissioners of Excise attended (according to Order) they were ordered to be called in, to be present upon the Second reading the said Clause, and heard touching the lame.

And they were called in (the Mace lying on the Table) and the Clause was read a Second time: And they were

Met ’curiiy 24° die *J<tnuarii;

Anno 9* Anna; Reginae, 1710.

Pa AT EPS.

THE House being informed, that the Secretary to

the Trustees, appointed fordillributing the Charity heard accordingly:

And then withdrew.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the Clause;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

The House being informed, that a Person attended PounAag* from Mr. How, Paymaster of her Majesty’s Guards and and Contin-

collected for the Palatines, attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the I louse. The Patent, con-ilituting the said Trustees: And acquainted the House, that he had already delivered all Books, Orders, and Papers, which were in his Custody, to the Committee, appointed to inquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were

expended in bringing them into Britain, and for main- Garilons, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to

ir.ick’8

Eilat*.

taining them here, and by whom paid.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the Patent be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The said Patent is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for Sale of the Barton and Farm of Possessot, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of Sebastian,

the House, pursuant to therr Address to her Majesty,

An Account of the Poundage, and Day’s Pay, deduced from the Forces upon the Estabhlhnaent of her Majesty's Guards, Garisons, &c. under the Care of the Right honourable John How, Esquire, with the Application thereof, from the 25th of December, 1708, to the 24th of December, 1709; and also,

An Account of the Poundage and Day’s Pay, which is to be deducted from the Guards and Garisons, for the

Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances there- Year 1710, with the Application thereof; and also, upon, and for Distribution of the surplus Money, was An Account of such Sums, as have been paid by the read a Second time. Right honourable John , Esquire, Paymaster Gene-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmley, ral of her Majesty’s Guards and Garisons, On Account of Sir Peter King, Sir fVm. Cordon, Mr. Treby, Mr. Row- the Contingencies thereof, for the Year 1710. ney, Mr. Edgcomb, Mr. Dun comb, Mr. Campion, Mr. And then he withdrew.

Gery, Mr. Grimston, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Gilbert El- And the Titles of the Accounts were read.

Hot, Lord IVindjor, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Guidot, Mr. Phil- , That the said Accounts do lie upon the lips, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Low- Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

ther, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Tuckjicld, Mr. MeaJ, Sir John Cope, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hickman, Mr. fVortlty, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Smith-, and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Northumberland Election.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the County of Northumberland be heard before the Committee

Rutland

Return

tmendtd.

Rennet ' iJvrigfction.

Mr. H'ilUam Brydges prifented to the House (pursuant to their Addrets to her Majesty) the annual Pensions, paid by the Office of Ordnance.

And the Title thereof Was read.

Ordered, That the said Account da lie upon the of Privileges and Elections upon Tuesday, the 6th Day Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. of March next. The said Account of Pensions is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Clerk of the Crown attended (according to Order)

and amended the Return for the County of Rutland. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

continue the Act for recruiting her Majesty’s Lapd Ordered, That the Bill for making the River Kenntt Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1,711: navigable, be read a^econd time upon Friday Morning and that Mr. Secretary St. John, Mr. Granville, and next. Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Clayton, of the

Yot. 16. 6 B Ordered,

Panfima.

Recnritlhg Land Foret*,

24° — 25° Januarii. 1710.

Limiting Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for fecaring the Free-

Office in dom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers the House. jn pjoufe of Commons, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Ways Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself and Meant. Into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progress in the Matter to them referred! and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Committcw, Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2 50 die j

Anno 9* Anns Regin*, 1710.

Prayers.

Ptofion. I 'HE House being informed, that a Person from X Mr. How, Paymaster of the Guards and Garilons, &V. attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House (pursuant to their Address to her Majesty) An Account of such Pensions, as are paid by the said Paymaster of her Majesty’s Guards and Garisons of Great Britain.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account of Pensions is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And the Counsel were called in again, and they were heard:

And being withdrawn;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Sons of Burgesses, and those, that have served Apprentices Seven Years in the Borough of Stafford, have a Right, upon Demand thereof, to be made Burge fies of the said Borough;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Telle* for the } >73-

Telle* for, heNoe^, )

So it was resolved the Affirmative.

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution. ‘

Whereupon the Counsel for the Petitioner infilled, that they would proceed to add so many to their Poll, as would make the Petitioner a Majority of Votes.

And thereupon the Counsel for the fitting Member declared to the House, that they were directed by their Client not to give the House any farther Trouble.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

And the Question being put. That Walter Chetwind,

Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford}

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Henry Vernon, junior, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Stafford.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, by railing out the Name of Walter Chetwind, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Henry Vernon, junior, Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor jnfolnat infoJvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they Debtoi*. are capable to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

ft

of

Std

Red

ICC!

M

C!

De

Pi

1

1

1

1

Palatines. 4 The House being informed, that a Person from Mr.

Compton attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House (pursuant to their Address to her Majesty) An Account of Money paid for the Use of the Palatines by the honourable Spencer Compton, Esquire, and also Copies of several Warrants for Payment of the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account, and Warrants, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, appointed to inquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid.

The said Account, and Warrants, are bound up - with the other Papers of this Session.

Prevention Mr. Hunger ford presented to the House (according to

if Gaming. Order) a Bill for the better preventing of excessive, and deceitful gaming, and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

S*flord The House (according to Order) proceeded to the EltOion. hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition of Henry Vernon, junior, Esquire, and also the Petition of several Freemen, and Sons of Burgesses, of the said Borough of Stafford, were read.

And several Witnesses were examined on both Sides: And being withdrawn;

Ordered, that the Reports from the Committee of Hytbt, &e. Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Ekawm. Port of Hythe, and Boroughs of Brack/ey and be received upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Afcwde«n, District of Aberdeen (which was ordered to have been &c- Hediw. heard at the Bar of the House on 'Tuesday last) be heard upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the hearing of the Merits of the Elec- Kinroft tion for the Shire of Kinross (which was appointed to Plenum, have been this Day heard at the Bar) be adjourned until Saturday come-seven-night.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Bribery at night, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee LtotH*. of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon Eiedioa. (which was to have been heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elections this Afternoon) be farther adjourned until Saturday next, in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committed

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

s

kCtl

to.

Debtor*

fstition.

9 Ann.

Venerii, 26* dieJanuarii;

467

are to consider' farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Prmntioa of Gaming.

Stafford

Return

amtwtaL

Mason’t

Claim*.

Anno 9* Ann* Reginas, 1710.

Pkatem.

A BILL for the better preventing of excessiveand deceitful Gaming, was (according to Order) read the First time.

Rffohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford.

Mr. Monckton (from the Commissioners of Trade and

Plantations) prtfenied to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, Copies of sevenl Orders. Letters, and other Papers (and a List of them) relating to the Palatines.

And the Title of the Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Orders, Letters, and other Papers, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Britain, and for

Palatine*

A Petition of Stephen Majon, and others, concerned in maintaining them here, and by whom paid

a Debt, contracted for naval Stores in the Years 1670 and 1671, was offered to the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Copies of Orders, Letters, and ot her Papers, are j bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate, of fVednef- Supply Billj day last, upon the Clause offered, to be added to the Bill Malt for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 171 j.

And the Clause was, by Leave of the House, Withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

pliants to the House, beg for Liberty, having no other ’’V"* Ttu' G,1US'" ""Vu" -

Hopes to obtain it. but by the cotnpaffionate Assistance Mjl' W.>'* G?"E'<fy> a?d "« by Bushel, to pte-of the House: And praying, that their miserable Con- v"* b.ru'f, DEf,he Ma"'"b,c1' happened,

ditions may be relieved. 6 And ,be same «"Blanks; which

OrW, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. wcr' fi,"‘d UP> a"d ,b' Cla"r' until the Bill to oblige the Creditors of foot insolvent A"d ,hcn, hc la Queliion put there-

Debtors to accept the utmuft Satisfaction they are ca- VP°n* a«rced unto b? ,bc IWe- >° >* mad' PaI> of »'« pble to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, 10r<w> Th, ,,e u;n with ,ll£ AmcoJaKn,% fc. in.

grafted.

A Petition of the poor Insolvents, confined for Debt in the Prison at Vifherton-anger, in the County of

1710, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, amongst the numerous Sup*

shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoner*, now remaining in her Majesty’s Gaol in in the County of Glamorgan, for Debt, being in Number zi, was preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Losses and Mhfoi tunes they have been long imprisoned by their merci’.efs Creditors, who refuse to accept of any Satisfaction the Petitioners can make; whereby they are reduced to incredible Want and Misery, lying on the Board; long Sickness, and sudden Death, frequently

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways

Supply.

Ways and M ow

happening' amongst them; Thai they have' no Hopes ?"d Mews for tailing the Supply granted to her Majesty,

Sufferers at Nevis sad StChristo-pbers.

of Relief, but from the Compassion of the House: And praying, that a Bill may pass, for the setting at Libexty of all poor Prisoners for Debt.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are ca-. pable to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of IVUHam Clayton, Esquire, James the Lady Penelope Russel, the Lady Kath. , the

young Lady Stapleton, Margaret Pelling, and others, m behalf of themselves, and other distressed Planters, and

being read.

The Ad, of the Third and Fourth Years of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, was read.

Resolved, That the Confederation of the said Act he referred to the said Committee, so far as it relates to French Wines.

And then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that

Inhabitants, of the Ifl’ands of Nevi, and St. Chnjic'pher, ,h!y bf mad' '« 'ba Mjtter to them

in America, was presented to the House, and reads set- 'rf'rrfd; and bad d,rf'a'd b,m 10 mov'- ,hat the V

ting forth, that in February 1705, the French invaded aVp f 11 m 7

those islands, and burnt and earned away of the Irihabi- . R'f°lv'd 'h. 5"°"fe "dl- uP°n M?‘

tanta Effects! to the Amount of £. 356.016. for. of as '5"’ resolve rieltnta a Commutes of the whole

appears by an Account, taken there upon Oath, and re- Horufe','° v'0"?11" fiar*hfr ,of Ways and Means for

timed to her Majesty, in pursuance of an Address of the ra,6n8,he SuPP1>r Sranted hcr MaJ'ftP

House *, which Account was laid before the House;

who thereupon resolved. That a Sum, not exceeding

£.103,003. 11 s. 4d. be granted to her Majesty, for the Use of such Proprietors, or Inhabitants, only, as

should resettle in those Plantations; but the Session

being near to an End, no Conclusion was put to that

Affair: That under the Hopes of the said Bounty, the

poor Inhabitants of those lilands have hitherto continued

there, under great Hardthips, and thereby the Trade and

Navigation of this Kingdom are much impaired: And

praying such speedy and effectual Relief in the Premises,

as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee o( the whole House, who Yot. 16.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Committm. That all Committees be adjourned;

The House divided:

The Y eas go forth:

Tellers for the Ye.s.j

Tellers for the Noes

So it passed in the Negative!

H

y

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

P«ufion*.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties,

Leave of Absence.

Foreign

Protestants

Nat.

repealed.

Hyeth

Election.

2 70 Januariu A. 1710.

Sabbatiy27 die Januarii;

Anno 9* Annie Reginae, 1710.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr.

one of the Commissioners of :the Navy, attended* he was called in and at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, An Account of the Pensions, paid out of the Navy, as they stand on the ordinary Estimate for this Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account of Pensions is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for charging, and continuing, the Duties, on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for thcSer-vice of the Year 17 n, was read the Third time.'

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the' Bill, Press 6. L. to leave out " Six," and insert " Nine." And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties of Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1711.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir Copplefton Warwick Bampfield, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whol House, upon the Bill to repeal the late Act for a general Naturalization.

Mr. Sp eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Campion took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Campion reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report,- when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as is it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Town and Port of Hyeth, in the County of Kent, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz

Upon the Petition of John Boleler, Esquire, and Wm. Berners, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of the Lord vifcourtt Shannon, and John Fane, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Hyeth, in the County of Kent:

That the Question was, whether the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Jurats, Common Council, and Freemen, or in such of them only, as inhabit in the Port and pay Scotland Lot.

Vicessimus Gibson, Wm. Carter, Wm. Stokes, David' Boughton, affirmed, they had known the Port several Years, and never knew it necessary for a Freeman to inhabit there.

Ralph Hatton, Tho. Tournay, Tho. Clare, said, that

all the Voters in this Election pay Scotland Lot, and lbme on each Side live out of the Town.

And the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the- Right of Election of Barons, to serve in Parliament for the Town, and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent, is in the Mayor, Jurats, Common Council, and Freemen.

That the Numbers, upon the Poll, were thus:

For Lord Shannon, s

Mr. Fane, 19;

Mr. Boteler, 15:

Mr. Berners, 14J

That the Petitioners Counsel insisted to add to their Poll Thomas Stoakes and Tho. Mokes, who had demanded their Freedom, and offered to poll for the Petitioners, but were refused. *'

That the Connfel for die fitting Members -objected against them; for that Stokes is pot in a C^papity to pay to Church and Poor: and that Mokes, who claims in Right of his Wife, did not demand his. Freedom if her Life: ' # ' '/

But it was proved. Mokes did demand it in her.Life; and that, when Tho. Stoakes ivas refused, his younger Brother, Henry, was admitted, on Pretence of a Partnership with, the Father, though Henry is qqt in apy Assessments.

That the Petitioners Counsel objected to four of the fitting Members Voters, as not having received the Sacrament; but it appeared to the Committee, that Two of them had received it, and that the other T\yo are Churchmen.

That the Counsel proceeded to disqualify. several of the fitting Members Voters, upon the Head of Treating, and Bribery; arid called

Wm. Carter; who said, that the Mayor went with his Staff from House to House, to solicit Votesand treated die whole Corporation, the 28th of September last, at Richard Kennett's House; and he then solicited Votes for the fitting Members.

The Invitation was made Four or Five Days before; and the Mayor paid above £.40 for the Dinner; and the Petitioner, Mr. Bottler, was there.

David Boughton said, there were several Treats, after the Writs were out; and Votes were solicited for the fitting Members.

That Thomas, Robert, and Wm. Hen. Read,

Elias Bajfett, John Barnes, Solomon Stephen

Rand, and Jonas Hatton, who voted for the fitting Members, were there.

That Mr. Clare made one Treat ,at Henry Read's Four Days before the Election, who otherwise declared, he would have voted for the Petitioners.

Samuel Pudman said, there was treating, ffom the 2.8th of September to the Day of the Election; and Colonel Marsh was generally there, and solicited Votes for ;the fitting Members, and stood upon the Stairs, when the Voters went up to vote.

That the fitting Members examined Witnesses to this Head.

Tho. Clare and Richard Kennft said, the Moor's Feast was to enjoy himself among his Friends and Neighbours; and that he made such a Treat on tj?e Day the Union commenced,

Tho: Golden said, that a Week or Fortnight before the Election, Mr. Henry Bagnall, a Minister, prqmifed to lend him £. 20 of £.30 For "{Two or Three Years, without Iritereu, if he would vote for Sir Philip Byt tier's Interest.

Solomon Sparkes said, that Mr. offered to give

him One or Two of the best Bullocks in Ro^ttey Marsh, to vote for Mr. Boteler: That Mr. yvas his best

CuHomer, arid, by voting for the fitting Members, he loft his Custom. '

That David Boughton, who is $n Ajgynt for the Petitioner, and the Petitioners Servant?, paidTvvo Reckonings for him, when he was drinking in Compa, ny; and they told him, he ought to votjefor his oyvq Incercft.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Coijvpittpe came to the following Resolutions;

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lord Viscount S/iannon i? cjqly efefted> a

Baron,

«7° Jtmtt.

4^9

Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Hyeth, ift the County of Kent.

Resolved\'lTiat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Fane, Esquire, is duly elfc&ed a Baron, to fervfc ih this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Hyeth,

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Barons, to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Hyeth, in the County of Kent, is in the Mayor, Jurats, Common Council, and Freemen.

The id Resolution being read a Second tithe;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Lord Vifooufct Shannon is duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of itt Hte County of

Kent;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth

T«S»*-«S*T

Tcllns for the

i‘

1*8.

SOj.

So it passed in the Negative.

The 3d Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That John Fane, Efouirc, is duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Hyeth;

It paHed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That John Bottler, Esquire, is duly defied a Baron, to

serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Hyeth;

The 1 louse divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas *Mr’

S’{ Mr. Shuttlc

f Mr. Gale, h\ Mr. Cholmky;

182.

109.

Tellers for the Noes;

So it was refohred in the Affirmative.

Resolveed, That fi'illiam Berners, Esquire, is duly ele<sted a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Hyeth.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this JHouse upon Monday Morning nett, to amend the Return for the Town and Port oif , in the County of Kent, by raling out the Names of the Right honourable Richard Lord Viscount Shannon, and the honourable John Fane, Esquire, and inserting the Names of John Boteler, Esquire, and William Esquire, instead

thereof.

Brackley Mr. Freman also reported from the Committee of Pri-Sletfwn. vileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of , in

the County of Northamptonand the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had.directed him to report to the House: And he read the feme in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; Where they were read > and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Burgh, Esquire, complain-. ing of an undue Eie&ion, and Return, of Charles Egerton, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton:

That the Right of EJedion was agreed to be in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Buigefiesj the whole Number of which is 33.

That the Poll was thus:

17 for the fitting Member:

16 for the Petitioner.

To add Edward -Butler to the Petitioner's Poll,

John Welchman feid, that Midler is owned by the Ctr-Voi. 16.

pontion to be a Bbqflafi; m 1684. he signed t Return to Parliament \ has often ekinWd to vote, and now offered to poH for the Petitioner j but the Steward, Mr. Neat^ refused him.

To take Eight from the fitting Member’s Poll, viz.

John Wbtfs, and his Two Sons, John Homes, Matthew Mqjhbvru, Wm. Tkohger, Nicholas Tytns, and HP.* ton, upon Account of Bribery;

John Welchman laid, that John Watts, and his Two Sobs, declared, pbe? would tote for the Petitioner; but that the Lord Wharton had engaged them, on Payment of £.600Debt, which had been so Years owing to

Watts.

That it was admitted. Homes was mbde free after the

Tejle of the Writ.

John Egerton said, that Wn/hhotne being in Gaol for Debt, in dvgefikft Mr. Mac paid £. 10 Charges,

for his Difefaaige.

Tho. Hall, and The. Fmom said, that Thcngtr (Who is Bailiff of the Hundred) declared before the Election, that, if the Lord Bridgewater would not allow him his Four Yean Salary, Which was due, he would vote for the Petitioner.

Geo. Lovediy feid, that Tyms (who is a Woodward to the Earl of Bridgewater, at 40s. a Year) told him, his Salary was doubled, a Week before the Election by Mr.

Macaforee, the Steward.

fohu Welchman said, Hilton told him, that Mr. Neal, just before the Election, proroifed, lie should hear no more of a Debt of io he was arrested for.

That the fitting Member’s Counsel examined Witnesses; Vtz.

Siam Butcher laid, that Butler went from the Town ao Years ago, and has not voted in any Election to Parliament since, but has claimed to vote.

And as to Bribery,

Thomas Dumont laid, that he had been proffered Ten Guineas by Mr. Price, and £.cj by Mr. Frewen, for his Vote fora Common Council, and for the Petitioner; but that he refused both, and voted for the fitting Members.

Eliz. Watts said, that, after the Writs were out, Frewen offered a Treat at her House, or any thing (he would have, if her Husband would vote for the Petitioner; and Three Weeks before the Election, Welchman offered Hilton, to pay a Debt, he owed, of £. 8, if be would serve the Petitioner.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions t

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Egerton, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Burgh, Esquire, is duty elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Brackley.

The Ficft of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine Contrudiccme, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Charles Egerton, Esqorrc, is nut duly ete&ed a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, NemineContradicente, That this House doth

agree With the Committee, in the said Resolution, That John Burgh, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Brackley.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Rerum for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, by ruling out the Name of the honourable Charles Egerton, Esquire, and inferring the Name of John Burgh, Esquire, instead thereof.

6 C

Mr.

47° if- — *9*

fr>lchester Mr. Freman allb reported from the Committee of Pri- ,on* vileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of in

the County of Essex, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of William Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Sir Thomas Webfier, Baronet, for the Borough of Col-chef er, in the County of Essex:

That the Poll was thus:

693 for the fitting Member:

685 for the Petitioner.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and Burgesses.

That the Question was, whether the Mayor, of his own Authority, without Consent of the Common Council, can make Foreigners free.

Against such Authority, in the Mayor, (everaiEntries in the Town Books were producedviz.

In 1654 an Order, that no Foreigner should be made free, without Consent of the Majority of the Common . Council. x

And several instances were produced of Persons, admitted by the Mayor and Common Council in the Years

*656> 57* 58> and 93-In 1694 a Disfranchisement, in the Town Book, of Alderman Mott, for Misdemeanors.

And William Boyfe, and Sam. Hayward', said, one of those Misdemeanors was, for making a Person free in the Year of his Mayoralty (which was the precedent Year) without Consent of the Common Council.

In July, 1697, an Order in the Town Book, that no Foreigner should be admitted, without Consent of the Majority of the tree Burgesses, assembled in the Common Hall.

John Potter, Esquire, said that John Raynham, when he was Mayor in i7o-|-, Two Days before the Election to Parliament, without Consent of the Common Council made 100 Foreigners free, and swore them in the Nighttime, in Alehouses, and Taverns, without the Town Clerk, who ought to swear them publickly in the Town Hall. That the Counsel for the fitting Member called Oliver Birkin, Tho. Grigson, and Tho. who said, that

all the Mayors since 1697, but ^ne or Two, have of themselves admitted Foreigners; and that there are some instances of Admittances of the same Nature before that Time, but they are very few.

And that the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Mayor of the Borough of in the County of Essex, cannot make Foreigners free of the said Borough, without Consent of the Majority of the Aldermen, and Common Council.

And upon this the fitting Member’s Council admitted, the Petitioner had a Majority.

And the Committee came to the following Resolutions: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Thomas Webber, Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colehejier, in the County of Essex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Gore, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colehejier.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Colehejier, in the County of Essex, by rafing out the Name of Sir Thomas Webfier, Baronet, and inferring the Name of William Gore, Esquire, instead thereof.

Januarii. 1710.

Ordered, That the hearing of the Merits of the Elec- DomfHew tion for the Shire of Dumfrieze (which was appointed to Eleitioa' have been this Day at the Bar of this House) be adjourned until Thursday, the Eighth Day of February next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Member* night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Qualification upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 2 90 die Januarii;

Anno 9s Anns Reginas, 1710.

Prayers.

MR. Campion (according to Order) reported from Fbreig* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Protestant* Bill to repeal the late Act for a general Naturalization, ed"t‘rep*"* was committed, the Amendment they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where it was read a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Return* Order) amended the Return for the Town and Port of amended. Hyeth, and Boroughs of Brackley and Colebefter.

A Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors insolvent to accept the utmost Satisfaction they arc capable to Debtor*, make, and to restore to them their Liberty, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-comb, Sir Richard Leving, Mr. A3on, Mr.

Mr. Lewis, Sir Wm. Wythers, Mr. Goulfion, Mr. tlier, Mr. England, Mr. Chomley, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Wykes,

Mr. Heysham, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Jeffry es, Mr. York, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Colonel

Caffe, Sir JoJ. Jekyll, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Gale, Sir Fra.

Vincent, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Bmrrard, Mr. Rowney, Mr.

Lawson-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petitions, which have been presented to the House, and ordered to lie. upon the Table, until the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do provide, that the Bill do not extend to such, as are indebted to any One Person above the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, that they do provide, that such Persons, as shall have the Benefit of the Bill, shall be obliged to go into her Majesty’s Service by Sea, or Land, or find an able Person to serve in their room.

A Petition of poor confined Prisoners for Debt in the Debton Gaol of Newcastle upon Tyne, in behalf of themselves, and Petition*. Thousands through this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have a long time been extreme Sufferers by imprisonment, and Want, and have no Expectation of Releasement, but by the charitable Assistance of the House: And praying the Consideration of the House lor their Enlargement.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors, under close Confinement in Chester Castle, was prefen ted to the House,

and

Ann. 2o° — 310 j 471

and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are realty insolvent Debtors, and, though they have offered to de-’ liver up all they are worth to their Creditors, for thpir> Liberty, yet they refuse to accept the famej and.thp Petitioners have been so long in Prison, and mostly fub-fifted by their Friends and Relations, who are either weary, or unable, any farther to relieve them; lo that they are in a miserable perishing Condition: And praying the Relief of the House for their Liberty.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Prevention A ^or the better preventing of excessive and deaf Gaming, ceitful Gaming, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Hartmrt, Mr. Mr. Jeffries, Sir

Join Mordaunt, Sir’ Rickard Laving, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Wykes, Mr. Burslem, Mr. York, Lord Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Goulfton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gery, Mr. tVynn, Mr. Gale, Mr. Berners, Mr. Bromley, Sir,

Mr. Rowney, Sir Wm. , Mr. , Mr. Guide//, Mr. Burgh, Mr. Mr. Cotes, Mr.

Mr. Page, Sir Aether Kay, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Monckten, Mr. Smith: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lnve of Ordered, That Mr. Kinafion have Leave to go into

Absenc*. the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Vernon have leave to go into the Country, his Father being dangerously ill.

Committed. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Limiting A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

Officer* in That the ingrossed Bill for securing the Freedom of Par-

« House. ]jaments> by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons, be read the Third time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdkr, for the } *35-

Teller, for the )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Ordered That Mr. Wortley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supptjr. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Way Refohed, That this House will, upon Morn-

ami Menu, ,'ng next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Min* Ordered, That Colonel Wz/pole, Mr. Manley, Mr.

Adventure Robinson, Colonel Drake, Mr. Shipper/, Mr. Dozening,

Company. ]vfr> Grant ham, Mr. Ltchmert, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Creditors, and Proprietors of principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure of England, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 16.

Mercitrii, 31° die Januarii y

Anno 9* Ann* Regina, 1710.

Praters.

A PETITION oft he poor Prisoners, who are uk Debtor* solvent, and confined for Debt in the Prison of Petition*«-Jylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth; that amongst the numerous miserable Suppliants to the House, Mia are in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, the Petitioners offer to deliver of all they have to their Creditors, for Liberty: And praying, that the House willrelcafe them from Imprisonment.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Con-Jlderatiop of the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to re- store to them their Ljberty, is committed.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Prisoners for Debt in Lancaster Castle, on behalf of themselves, and others, Prisoners there, and other poor insolvent Debtors within the several Gaols of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Benefit of several ACfcs of Parliament, for Relief of insolvent Debtors, could not be enjoyed by many Prisoners, by reason of the limited Sums therein mentioned; who have been in Prison ever since, arid ftiany others are of late Years become Prisoners; so that there are now in the said Prison near 100, who are generally very poor, and either have, or are willing to give their Creditors the utmost Satisfaction they can:

And praying the House to take their fad same into Consideration, and to find out some Method for their Relief, that they may follow their several Employments, for the Support of their Families.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they arc capable to make, ana to restore to them their Liberty, is committed.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Friend Dr. Friend, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday thanked, before this House at St. Margaret's; and

that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr.

Gzvyn, Mr. Ward, and Mr. Scobtll, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the Wire-drawers, Card-makers, and importing Clothiers, of Froom, and Parts adjacent of Somerset, in Wool Cards, behalf of themselves, and others of the same Trades, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the using of good Wool Cards is of great Consequence in making of Cloth, and for Consumption of Iron Wire, by reason the Iron Wire of old Cards (which is commonly put into new Leather, and on new Boards, for Cheapness) is too weak for the well carding of Wool; whereby the Cloth is ill made, and the Buyers cheated:

That this is common Practice now, though prohibited by an Act, of the 13 th and 14th Caroli idi: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the felling of old Wool Cards, and supplying the defects of the said A Cl.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Win, Wyndham, Sir Yho.

Wroth, Colonel Palmer, Mr. GrahMr. Gery, Mr. Chomley, Mr. Conyers, Sir John YreMr. Phillips, Mr. Shaker ley. Air. Lechmere, Mr. Berkley, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Foley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Campion, Mr. Gwyn,

Sir Robert Eden, Sir Rich. Leving, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Harcourt, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Ward, Mr. Batburjl; and all, that serve for the Coynties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered,

i® yattuarii. . Al. iyio.

Maidstone

Election,

Foreign Protestant* Nat repealed.

Kennel

Navigation

AflSze of Billet*

Supply Bill; Malt Duties*

Write

Mandatory*

Palatines.

Wuya and Meant*

Ordered, That Mr. Seal have leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election, and Returik, for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent.

An ingrafted Bill to repeal the late Act for a general Naturalization, was read the Third time.

Refohved, That the Bill do pase; and that the Tide be, An Act to repeal the Act, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for naturalizing foreign Protellants) except To much thereof, as relates to the Children of her Matty’s natural-born Subjects, born out of her Allegiance.

Ordered, That Mr. Campion do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

1 V.

Ordered, That the Bill for making the River Rennet navigable, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Ferrier presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen (intituled.

An Act concerning the Assizes of Fewel) so far as it re* lates to the Assize of Billet; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Robert, and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act jfor charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Berry, for the Service of th& Year 1711, without any Amendment).

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir James Monologue presented to the House, Transcripts of Two of the Reports, which were wanting, relating to the Writ mandatory for the Borough of Devizes.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Transcripts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Transcripts do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

1 Mr. Aiflaby from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, Copies of several Orders from the Earl of Pembroke, Lord. High Admiral, to the Navy Board, relating to the Palatines.

And the Titles of them were read.

Ordered, That the said Orders be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended . in bringing them into Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid.

The laid Orders are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing' the Ad, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) and for making the same more effectual; and that Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Harvey, and Mr. Chapman do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to aonfider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker reftuned the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that the Committee had Notice, that the az

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod was at the Door, with a Message; and had directed him to move, that the Committee may have Leave to fit agaih.

Resolved, That this House will* immediately after the Message, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir iPilUam , Geh-tleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Sp*ak«\

The Lords* authorized by virtue of hdr Majesty* Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, Went up to the House of Peer* t

And being returned

Mr. Speaker repotted, that her Majesty’s ConMUiffioti was read 3 whereby the Royal Afferrt 'was giveh to the Mil, intituled, An Act for charging, and continuing, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Petty, for the Service of the Year 17115 and authorising the Lord Keeper Of the great Seal, the Lord President of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council/and several other Lords (in her Majesty’s Absence) to notify the fame: Who did hotifjr the Royal Aflfent to the said Bill j and the same was giVeli accordingly.

Theft the House (according to Order) resolved itself again into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered.’That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning he*t, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, o consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Brydges presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, An Account of the Distribution of the Forage and Waggon Money, granted by Parliament for the Forces in Flanders in her Majesty’s Pay, from the Year 1705 to Christmas, 1710.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound ,up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Flexions for the Borough of Guilford, in the County of ,the Borough of Ipfooich, in the County of Suffolk, and the Boroughs of Tavistock and Honilon, its the County of Devon, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine Chock.

R.yal Affeit to a Bill.

Way! tad Melhs*

Forage and

Waggon

Money.

Guilford

lie-

llJrt’s

Mil H [»«»

fell j A i t!

(B:!u

ftbn

m

1

<fid

i° Februarii,

9

Ann.

473

Mute-

|»rbt to th* t’iu«u*

Privet. — A I'erton in C’ulto'ly petitions for Dischai^-

Ways

and Means.

yovis, i# die Februarii;

Anno 90 Ann* Region, 1710.

Prayers.

AP ET1T1 ON of jtffery Palmer, F.(quire, and

his Wife, and Robert Palmer, Esquire, Brother of the said Jeffry Palmer, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners, being only Tenants for Life, have by indenture, dated the 10th June, 1709, demiftd and granted to Trustees, for 21 Years, certain Closes and Grounds in Car let on Cm lieu, in the County of Lciccfler, in Trust, to pay several Debts,

mentioned in a Schedule annexed to the Indenture: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for conlunring the said Lcalc for 21 Years, for the Satisfaction of the Cteditors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Geo. Beaumont and Mr. IVinJlanley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for rectifying the Mistake, and enlarging the Time for a Compositi-.<n, given by an Act of Purl ament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with fVm.Mulct, Esquire, for the Debt of his Father, for whom he was Surety, while Receiver General of the County of and City of

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo ived. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ill'll intoa Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bid.

A Petition of Stephen Moxky, Cooper, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this 1 Ioule, was presented to ttic House.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Chairman of the Committee, to whom it is referred to enquire into the Abuses in the Victualing, shall come into the House.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther ot Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution?, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, f> much of the Subsidy of Poundage, and oilier Duties, first granted by an Act, of the 12th Year of the Reign of K.i.g Charles the 2d (of bkiled Memory) on several Goods and Merchandizes exported, as did remain, and had Continuance, until the First Day of August now last part, by virtue of an Act for making good Deficiencies, and preserving the publick Credit, or by virtue of lb much of the late Act, for uniting the Two Kingdoms, as had relation to the said Subsidy or Duties on Goods exported snot being taken away, diminished, or altered, by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, before this Time made in that behalf, excepting Sea-coa!s, to be exported) shall be revived and continued.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Subsidies and Duties be continued for a Term of 32 Years.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Liberty, which by an Act, of the 20th Year of the Reign of King Charles the ad, was given for Exportation V o l. 1 ti.

of Leather, Sheep-lkins, and Calve-lkins, tanned, tawed, or dressed (which Liberty was continued by several fub-sequent Acts in that behalt) shall be farther continued for the Term of 32 Years, paying for each Hundred Weight of all Sorts of such Leather, Sheep-skins, and Calve-lkins, containing 112 Pounds, and so proportionally for a greater or lesser Quantity, the Sum of 12 and no more.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, an Imposition be laid, and raised, within and throughout the whole Realm of Great Britain, for and upon such Coals, Culm, and Cinders, as were chargeable by the Act of Parliament, made in the 4th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, whereby certain Duties upon Coals, Waterborne, and carried Coastwise, were continued until the 30th Day of September, 1710.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Imposition, (b to belaid upon such Coals, Culm, and Cinders, within and throughout the Realm of Great Britain, be Two-fifth Harts of the several Duties, which were payable for such Coals, Culm, and Cinders, respectively, by the said Act, of the 4th Year of her Majesty's Reign, and by the late Act for Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, until the said 30th Day of September, 1 710.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Imposition bpon such Coals, Culm, and Cinders, Water borne, and carried Coastwise, as aforesaid, be granted for the Term of 32 Years.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to l.cr Majesty, a Duty shall be paid and payable for and upon all Coals, which shall be exported from any Part of Great Britain for any Parts beyond the Seas, in full of all Customs, Subsidies, and other Duties, payable to her Majesty upon (lie Exportation of Cals*

8. Ref Ived, Thu it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duties for Coals of lValcs, or the W. ft of England, which shall be shipped for Exportation to Ireland, or the Iste of Man, be Two Shillings for every Chaldron, reckoning the Chaldron to consist of 36 Bushels. IVmhcfterMealure, and proportionably for any

greater or lelfer Quantity.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty for every Chaldron (like Measur) of Coals, which shall be shipped for Exportation to any of her Majesty’s Plantations, be Two Sni!lings, and proportionably for any greater or lesser Quantity.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty for every Chaicir n of C >als (like Measur) which shall be shipped for Exportation to any. Parts beyond the Seas (other than as aforesaid) in foreign-built Bottoms, be 12 s.and in British Bottoms 51. and so proportionably for greater and lesser Quantities.

11. Ref Ived, That it is the Opinion ot this Committee, That the said Duties upon Coals, exported for foreign Parts, be granted for a Term of 32 Years.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all that additional Duty of One Cent, payable by

the Act for preventing Frauds, made in the 14th Year of the Reign ol King Charles the 2d, for Merchandizes, to be exported to any Part of the Mediterranean Sea beyond Malaga, or imported from thence, in Ships not qualified according to Law, be continued, and appropriated, for a Term of 32 Years, as Part of a Fund, for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all that Duty of 5/. for every white Woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported, which was granted to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, by an Act, of the Sixth Year of her Reign, be also appropriated for the Term of 32 Years, as Part of the F und, for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty,

6 l) a further

Palatines.

i ° Februarii.

A. 1710.

a further Duty be laid upon all Candles, made, or to be made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame, over and above the Duties already charged thereupon.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said further Duty for all Candles made of Wax, or usually called, or fold for, Wax Candles, which shall be so imported, be after the Rate of Four-pence for every Pound Weight, to be paid by the Importer.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commitee,

That the said further Duty for all Candles, made of Tallow, and other Candles whatsoever (the Wax Candles excepted) which shall be so imported, be after the Rate of One Half-peny per Pound Weight, to be also paid by the Importer.

17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty for all Wax Candles, made in Great Britain, be after the Rate of 4*7. per Pound Weight, to be paid by the Makers thereof

18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty for all Candles of Tallow, and ether Candles whatsoever (Wax Candles excepted) which shall be so made in Great Britain, be after the Rate of One Half-peny per Pound Weight, to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively, and in the same Proportions for greater or lesser Quantities.

19. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said farther Duties upon Candles be granted for the Term of 3 a Years.

The first Seven of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 8th Resolution being read a Second Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made therein, by leaving out "England," and inserting " Great Britain" instead thereof; and to leave out " Two Shillings," and to insert " One Shilling" instead thereof.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, Thai this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That the said Duties for Coals of Wales, or the West of Great Britain, which shall be shipped for Exportation to Ireland, or the Isle of Man-, be One Shilling for every Chaldron, reckoning the Chaldron to consist of 36 Bushels, Win-thaler Measure, and proportionably for any greater or lesser Quantity.

The 10th Resolution being read a Second time.

An Amendment was proposec^ to be made therein, by leaving out " Five," and inserting " Three" instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That the said Duty for every Chaldron of Coals (like Measure) which shall be shipped for Exportation to any Parts beyond the Seas (other than as aforesaid) in foreign-built Bottoms, be Twelve Shillings, and in British Bottoms Three Shillings, and so proportionably for greater and lesser Quantities.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

' Mr. Secretary St. John presented to the House (pursuant to their Address to her Majesty) Copies of all such Papers, as are in the Offices of the Secretaries of State, relating to the Palatines, together with Lists of them.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are to inquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by . whom paid.

J

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Bribery at at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the lile®un*-whole House, toconsider farther of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of the until this Day Fortnight; and that such Members, as House’ shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the hearing the Matter of the Petition Oakhamptim of Christopher Harris, Esquire, and others, complaining Elefllor* of an undue Election for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, be adjourned until Saturday come-seven-night.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do then attend with the Return for the said Borough.

The House proceeded to the Hearing the Merits of Alerdf-n, the Election for the District of Aberdeen. tec. Ele&oo.

And the Counsel of both Sides were called in.

And the Petition, complaining of the said Election, was read; and Counsel were heard.

And one William Sheppard being produced as a Wit ness, to give an Account of the Proceedings at the said Election, and being objected against, for that he was the Commissioner, who voted, and is infilled on to be well chosen; and therefore justifies his own Right: Whereupon the Counsel on both Sides were heard touching the fame.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. William Sheppard be admitted to be examined, to give an Account of the Proceedings at the Election for the District of Aberdeen.

It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And the Counsel proceeded, and afterwards withdrew.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And then the Counsel were called in again, and farther heard; and then withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the farther Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the District of Aberdeen be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeasi^Jj/

I for1"

b'rtiiij ta» Lai

Tellers for the No t

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

V

47-

[46.

Ordered, That Sir John Packington, Sir John SCrtviltian, ^j;oe Colonel Grahme, be added to the Committee, to whom Advent®* the Petition of several Creditors, Proprietors of Principal Company. Money, Annuities, and Shares, iyi the Mine Adventure of England, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Kennel

Xavig;itk>n.

Importing Uool C'dith*

475

Vener/Sy 2* die Februarii;

Anno 9* Annae Reginae, 1710.

P rayers.

ABI L L for making the River Kennel navigable* was (according to Order) read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to iMr. Hunger* ford, Mr. Medlicot, Sir Jo. , Mr. Da/by, Mr.

Trrvanion, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Mr. Honour/, Sir Wm. Cory ton. Colonel Rolle, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Ettnck, Mr. Coiranee, Mr. Price, Mr. Berkley,

Mr. Lambert, Sir Wm. Whi Sir Wythers, Mr. Ward, S r Peer King, Mr. Mr. IVynn, Mr.

AJiduleton, Mr. Folcv, Sir Cha. Qjx, Sir Wm.

Mr. Milton, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Martin, Mr. Moor, Mr. Cleveland-, and all, that serve for the Counties

of Wilts, B>rks, Bucks, and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Rive a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petitions, which have been presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table, till the said Bill Ihoultl be rea l a Second time, bereterred to the Consideratton of the said Committee.

Sir William Windham reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petiti n of the Wire-drawers, Card-makers, and Clothiers, ot Fuout, and Parts adjacent of in behalf ut themselves, and others of the same Trades, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Kef lution of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where it was twice read, and the Report and Retolutioa are as follow; viz.

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the Matters contained in the said Petition,

It appeared to them, that the using of good Wool Cards, in the making ol Cloth, is of great Concernment to the Trade of this Kingdom in the Woollen Manufacture, the Iron Wire of old Cards being too weak, and inlulficient, for the well carding of Wool.

Ti'.at by an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the id (intituled, An Act against importing of foreign Wool Cards, Card W ire, or Iron Wire) it is enacted, that no foreign Wool Cards, or foreign Card Wire, or Iron Wire, for making of Wool Cards, be imported into this Kingdom* nor any Card Wire, taken out of old Cards, be put into new Leather, and new Card Boards, nor any such Wool Cards, made thereof, be put to Sale, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, or the Value.

It appeared also to the Committee, that, notwithstand-ir.g the said Act, it is now become a common Practice to put old Iron Wire into new Leather, and on new Boards, and expose the same to Sale; by which Means great Part of the Woollen Cloth of the Kingdom is ill made, and the feverr.l Traders, in the Petition mentioned, very much damnified in their Trades; the Consumption of Iron Wire is very much lessened; and many Persons abul'ed, and defrauded j and great Numbers of poor Persons, and Families, employed in the Woollen Manu-iafture, are become great Charges to their respective Parishes.

Whereupon the Committee came to this Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Importation of foreign white Wire, and felling of old Wool Cards, and supplying the Defects of an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the ad, intituled, An Act against importing of foreign Wool Cards, Card Wire, or Iron Wire.

Ordered, That Lcsve be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Importation of foreign Vo 1.. l(j.

white Wire, and the felling of old Cards, and supplying the Defects of the Act, made in the 13 and 14 Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the 2d, intituled, An Act against importing of foreign Wool Cards, Card Wire, or Iron Wire; and that Sir Wm. Windham, Sir The. Wroth, and Mr. Phelips, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Sick and W ounded, Prisoners and for Exchange of Prisoners, do lay before'this House, tfkl!n ty an Account of all Sea Officers, and Seamen, which lrefccb’ have been taken Prisoners by the French, and have been exchanged, and of the Method, observed in exchanging Prisoners, and what Numbers of Britishi Pri loners are in Frame, with the Balance of the Account, from 1707, to this Time.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Bribery at into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Election*., farther of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause, for fixing a Place for electing Knights of the Shire, to serve for the County of Cumberland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Powys took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Powys reported from the Committee, that they had made a Farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this. House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole tfoufe, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Portsmoath Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election. Borough of Portsnouth, in the County of Southampton, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom* Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the w»y» whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means and Mean*, for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Motion be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Palmer’s

fclidie.

IsaackV

Luate.

Lewis

Llechoiu

Debtors

Petition.

Hoy ft on Roads.

Ro»dey

lialoluie,

47^ 3° Febru . 1710.

And praying, that the Clause in the said Act for inclosing the said Common^rnay be repealed, or that the Petitioners be otherwise relieved in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

M . # put, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerat ion

R. Winstanleypresented to the House (according of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter

to Order) a Bill for confirming a Lease for One- thereof, and report the same to the House;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes.) } 76.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Saihatij 30 die Februarii; Anno 9* Annip Reginae, 1710. Prayers.

and-twenty Years, made by Jeffrey , Esquire, and

others, ot Lands in Carleton Curlieiv, in the County of Leicester, for Payment of the Debts of the said Jeffrey Palmer, Esquire; and the same was received.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Barton and Farm of Possessoe, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of,

And it is referred to Sir Simeon Stewart, Mr. Serjeant

was

Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances there- Hooper, Sir Mr. Conyers, Sir Onslow,

n ' ' ‘ Mr. Montton, Mr. Rodney Bridges, Mr. Page, Mr.

lington, Mr. Gore, Mr. Uoyd, Mr. Hedges, Mr. , Mr. Chapman, Mr. Foley, Sit Robert Eden, Mr. Gouifion, Mr Mr. Mr. Onslow, Mr. Peyton, Mr.

Gott, Mr. Pitt, Sir Rich. Mr. , Sir Robert

Davers, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Campion, Mr. Henley, Mr. Mor ley, Mr. Fox, Sir Geo. Newland, Lord Mr. Mew,

Mr. Gale, Lord Dcwtie, Mr. JejJop, Mr. Moor-, and all, that serve for the Counties ot Southampton and Surry:

upon, and for Distributioa of the Surplus Money; committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad 'given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com-,mittee had madefeveral Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, upon the Question put thereupon (with an Amendment in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for

to One of them) agreed unto by-the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Trayton have Leave to withdraw

Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Southampton and Surry, and Parts adjacent, living near the Commons, called Commons, in the said County of Southampton, was presented his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of to the House, and read; setting forth, that by inclosing r -- f c n - the said Commons, by virtue of a late Act, and the

Proceedings hitherto had thereupon, the Petitioners find, they shall be so incommoded, that there will be r.o travelling, by themselves, their Horses, Carts, and other Carriages: And praying, tha: the said Act may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

Ropley

Inclosure.

Lewis, in the County of SuJJ'ex.

A Petition of the poor Debtors, Prisoners in the Gaol, held at Rothwell, in and for the Liberty of the Honour

of Pontefract, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by Losses they have been reduced to extreme Poverty, and like to perith, there being no Allowance to the said Gaol; where they are like to continue, unless relieved by the House, they being willing to deliver up all they have towards their Creditors Satisfaction: And praying the House to consider of some Measures for their Enlargement.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept Country fora Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, is committed.

Ordered, That the Mr. Rurrard have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Milton have Leave to go into the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Highways from Roydou, in the County of Hertford, to Hater Newton, in the County of Hunt inn for, and that Mr. Worthy, Mr. Page, and Sir William Pole, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Soper, F.squire, John Maybsiv, Nicholas May hue, Robert Budd, senior, Budd,

James Budcl, Robert Budd, junior, Richard , James Blanchard, Margaret Bat tell, John Oliver, Robert Yalden, John Gilbert, Jasper Smith, and Smith, in behalf

of themselves, and others, the Tenants of the Manor of Ropley and Bishop Sutton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that an Act passed the last Session «t Parliament, for inclosing Ropley Common, to be divided amongst the Tenants, having Right of Common, as Three Persons, named in the ... should apportion: That several of the Petitioners opposed the passing that Act, well knowing, they should have no Benefit by the Inclosure; and the Three Persons have acted f > partially in the Premises, that several of the Petitioners, who a1 ways had Right of Common, have no Part allotted to their Estates, and to others they have not allotted half their Proportion, to their vet v great Oppression: 18

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orlebar and M r. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Monoux's the Sale of Lands and Tenements, late of Sir Philip Estate. Monoux, Baronet, deceased, in Broom, and Parish of SouthiH, in the County of Bedford, according to his Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election Wigtown for the Shire of Wigtown be adjourned until Yuefday Election, come-leven-night.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursJay Morning Mrabwt next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to lit in the House of Commons.

Mr. Fremanreported from the Committee of Privileges Guilford

and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, Election, touching the Election for the Borough of Guilford, in the County of Surrey, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him tp report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards

delivered

9 Ann.' 30 Februarii. 477

delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table j where they were read; and the Report, and Resolutions, areas follow;

Upon the Petition of Morgan Randy ll, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Robert IVrotby Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Guildford, in the County of Surrey:

That the Right of El eft ion was agreed to be in the Mayor, Freemen, and Freeholders, Tefiding in the Borough, paying Scotland Lot.

And it was admitted, that one, who has served Seven Years Apprenticed; ip in the Town to a Freeman, is faOo a Freeman.

That the Poll was thus:

in for the fitting Members:

10S for the Petitioner:

That, to take off 13 of the fitting Member’s Voters s Eight, as not qualified, viz. George,

White, ll’tlliam Co/lyer, John , Robert Hill,

Emyln, IVm. Jewer, and 7ho. Gallop; and Five others, upon Account ot Bribery, viz. John Loveland, Stephen Golding, Henry Rogers, John YalJen, and Robert -

burjh.

The Petitioner’s Counsel called Geo. , John

lulford, Tho. Xluljord; who laid. That the Five first

are neither Freemen, nor Freeholders; that Joseph lin was not resident, till die Day alter the Election was proclaimed; and that Jewer doe* not pay Scotland Lot.

That it was proved to the Committee, that Burnham and White are Freemen; and that fewer is excuted paying to the Poor, upon account ot keeping his Mother, who would otheiwilc lx changeable to the Parish.

Robert Withered laid, that 7 Gallop had not his

Freehold till Michaelmas; and that the Election was the 40 October.

The Purchase was made 19* Aug:ill last.

John Loveland laid, he hail a Bribe of 24 from Thomas Bov/e, lor his Vote for the li.ting Member.

Stephen Golding laid, that Henry fold him a

Bullock, lor £ 3. 13 s.the same Price he bought it at; and that the fitting Member gave him a Groat aStcne more, than the Market Price; lor a Quarter ol it, otherwise he wou'd have voted lor the Petitioner, and Mr.

Henry Rogers laid, he voted for the fitting Member, because Joint W< ed helped him to the Benefit of making One hundred Meal Tubs, and the fitting Member pro-iniied him his Work, ede he fcould have voted lor the Petitioner.

Wm. Gilbert said, that he was prefciit, Three Weeks before the Election, when Robert Yales promised Juhn YalJen, for his Vote for the fitting Member, to help him to £. 30 of the Town-Money, which poor Apprentices have, to let them up.

And Robert Withered said, that Yalden, since the Election told him. Six of the Seven Magistrates of the Town promised him £.30 of the Town Money for his Vote for the fitting Member.

Joint Mu if01 dlaid, that Robert Parkhurst told him, he

voted for the fitting Member, because he was threatened to be sued for/, 10 Town Money (which he bad upon Bond) if he would not vote so; otherwise lie had voted for the Petitioner.

That, to prove Briber)’, in order to obtain Votes for the fitting Member.

Robert Jackman, John Mu/ford, John Ad/anJ, said, that Robert lutes gave Jackman Two Guineas, to vote for the fitting Member; and that, because he did not give his Vote accordingly, Yates threatened to sue him for the Money,

Simon Cockerell said, that Samuel Smalpeece gave him £. 3 to vote for the fitting Member, and not for the Petitioner.

John Stephens said, that, before he polled, Yates gave him Two Guineas for his Vote, and therefore he voted for Tates.

Gerrard Smith said, he was present, when John Wood, a Month before the Election, promised Roger Valler (a Miller) the Benefit of grinding Twenty Loads of Wheat Voi. 16.

(which is 4r. a Load) if he would vote for the fitting Member.

John Watts, and Tho. Mu/ford, said, that the Per-(ons, who bribed the said Voters, as aforesaid, viz. Quennell, Wood, Yales, and Smalpeece, were Agents for the fitting Member, and solicited Votes for him.

That, to take off three of the Petitioners’s Voters, as not qualified, viz. Joint Mollace, Abraham , and Edmund Yalden;

The fitting Member’s Counsel called

Geo. Maybanck, Jof. Burton; who said, that Mollace and Sands are not rated to Church and Poor in Trinity Parish, where they have been Nine Months, because they will not receive them as Inhabitants there; but that they were rated in the Parish they came from.

That it was objected, that Yalden is not a Freeman.

It was proved, that he served a Clerkship in the Town to the Town Clerk, who was a Freeman; and that he is admitted an Attorney of the Town Court.

That, to take off Three others of the Petitioners Voters, upon Account of Bribery, viz. Joseph Cooper, Tho. Roberts, and Tho. Brown;

Bettbriek, Hen. Newbery, said, that Joseph Cooper told them, the Petitioner promised him to be a Surveyor of Window-lights if he would vote for him.

Joseph Cooper, being called, and confronting them, said, the Petitioner never asked his Vote: That he has net any such Place, nor ever had any suchPromise; and that he only laid, he believed, he should have such a Place; but not from the Petitioner.

Richard Glover said, that Tho. Roberts advised him not to promise his Vote, for he would engage, he should have J. 10 to Vote for the Petitioner.

Tho. Brown fiid, that the Morning of the Election the Petitioner asked him for his Vote; and that he had promised it him Six Months before, if he would be his Friend in relation to a Demand of 5 Mr. Child, (an Attorney) made against him for Fees, when lie thought, nothing was due: I hat the Petitioner promised, he would lock into the Matter, and be his Friend in it; and therefore he gave him his Vote.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert Wroth, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guiicijord, in the County of Surry.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Morgan Randy ll, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Guildford.

The said Resolutions, being foverally read a Second time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Guildford, in the County of Surrey, by rating out the Name of Robert Esquire, and

inferring the Name of Alorgan Randyll, Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Freman also reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of in the County of Suffolk, and the Resolutions of the Committee, thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Wm. , Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Sir Wm. Barker,' Baronet, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of lpfwich, in the County of Suffolk.

That the Poll was thus:

258 for the fitting Member:

235 for the Petitioner.

6 E That

GuildfsrH

Election.

lpfwich

Election.

47& 3 ° Februarii.' A. 1710.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel alleged, ‘ is

um‘ Corporation by Prescription.

That, to prove it, they produced a Charter of Confirmation of their Privileges, granted by King to the Burgesses of Ipswich.

That the fitting Member's Counsel alleged, Ipswich is a Borough by Prescription.

That the Petitioner’s Qounfel admitted, the Right of Election to be in the Bailiffs, and Freemen j but questioned, whether the Out-freemen, or Freemen by Redemption, who were not resident at the Time of being made free, had a Right to vote.

By the Town Books it appears, that Out-freemen have always been made.

That the Portmen, Commonalty, and Freemen at large, have voted in Elections, without Distinction; and the contrary does not appear; and it appears, they voted for the Petitioner to be Recorder of the Borough.

And Sir Cha. Bloys, Wm. , and John , said, they had known the Borough 40, and 30, Years; and that there never was any Distinction among the Freemen: They are all chose at the great Court, and all sworn alike to attend that Court, and to pay Scotland Lot: That the Out-freemen bear Offices, and always voted in all Elections, as well those of the Town Officers, as those to Parliament; and were never objected to.

That the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, is in the Bailiffs, Portmen, Commonalty, and Freemen at large, not receiving Alms.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel then admitted a Majority for the fitting Member.

That the fitting Member’s Counselcalled Witnesses, who proved several indirect Practices, used in Favour of the Petitioner by Mr. Gravener, one of the Bailiffs.

That the Petitioner proved some Offers, made by Friends of the fitting Member, in order to gain Votes; but they were without Success, except two of them; viz. Robert Scot, who was promised to be Matter of a Vessel; and Henry Miller, who was promised to be saved from an Arrest, but was not.

And that the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir William Barker, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipfwick, in the County of Suffolk.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Petition of Wm. Thomifon, Esquire, is frivolous, and vex-

atious.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Commonalty," and instead thereof to inlert " Common Council."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ipfwick, in the County of Suffolk, is in the Bailifis, Portmen, Common Council, and Freemen at large, not receiving Alms.

The ad Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petition of Wm.

Esquire, is frivolous, and vexatious j

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tcta forth.

Tollers for

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Wm. Thomjbn, Esquire, do make Satisfaction to Sir Wm. Barker, for the Costs and Expences he hath been put unto by reason of the said Petition.

Mr. Freman also reported from the Committee of Privileges ana Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petitions of James , Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Henry Manaton, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Ta-viflock, in the County of Devon, and also complaining, that his Witnesses had been tampered with:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Freeholders of Inheritance in Possession, inhabiting within the Borough.

That the Poll was thus:

5a for the fitting Member:

64 for the Petitioner.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel examined Witnesses:

Henry Beauford, said, that Two votes were added by the Portreeve to the fitting Member’s Poll, after the Poll was call up, and the Scrutiny proceeded in: That 17 of the Petitioner’s Voters were objected to by the Portreeve, and Quaere's put upon them: That Nine of them had formerly voted, and Seven produced their Title Deeds.

Edw. Cary, Sam. Cary, Robert Williams, said, that John Harvey, the Portreeve, solicited Votes for the Two fitting Members, and offered Edward Cary an Office of Searcher at Plymouth, for his Vote for them; and declared, that, if the Petitioner had 40 Votes more than the fitting Member (Mr. Manaton) he would not return him; and that Mr. Manaton would indemnify him, if it cost £. 1,000 for returning him: That John Edgcomb, Wm.

Croker, and Arthur Cake, solicited Votes for the fitting Members, and voted for them: That Edgcomb offered Edward Cary £. 3 and Croker offered to discharge him of a £.48 Debt, to vote for the Two fitting Members; and

Cake threatened, he should lose his Work, if he voted for the Petitioner.

Roger Tooker said, that John Edgcomb and James Leare offered him £. 5 and aLeafe of a House; and that he had Money given him, to drink the fitting Member, Sir John Cope's, Health; and was treated at Wm. (an-

other of the fitting Member’s Voters) a Fortnight before the Election; and the fitting Member, Mr. Manaton, offered him the belt of his Three Mills: That the said Offers, and Treat, were for his Vote for die Two fitting Members; and that Thomas Kelly owned, Edgcomb gave him £. 3 for his Vote for those Members.

Daniel Mattacot said, that he was present, Ten Days before the Election, when the fitting Member, Mr. Manaton, gave Wm. Phifick £. 3 to vote for him; and Phijick then told Mr. Manaton, he had £. 5 for his Vote for Sir John Cope.

That the following Persons have owned, they had the following Bribes for their Votes for the Two fitting Members; viz.

John Weymouth £. 5 of Sir John Cope, and £. 3 of Mr. Manaton:

Obadiah Burdwooood£. 5 of both the fitting Members:

Waller Whitchurth had £. 3 from each of the fitting Members:

Eustace Pyke, junior, was to have the like Sum of each fitting Member:

William Hutchins had a Life added to his Lease, for his Vote for Mr. Manaton:

The.

Taviftocfc

Election.

Ann. 3* Febrmrir. 470

Tho.Willesford, for his Vote for Mr. Manaton, was excused Two Years interest of £.100 Debt to Mr. Francis Manat on: And

Peter Row owned, he had promised the Petitioner his Vote, and would have voted for him, but Edgcomb and Cake thieatened to lay him in Gaol, if he did.

Robert William said, that the fitting Member, Mr. Manat on, offered, for his Vote, to pay him a Debt of £ 8, which had been owing Eight Years; and said, if be would not vote for him, be would never pay it. (

That, as to tampering with the Petitioner’s Witnesses, the Counsel for the Petitioner called,

Edward Cary, Sam. Cary, Robert Williams; who said,

that John Edgcombe, Arthur C, and Tho. Harvey (the

Portreeve’s Brother) off. red Edward Cary 20 Guineas, not to go to London, to be a Witness again (I Mr. Manaton; and Edgcomb threatened to ruin him, and to (hoot him, if he went: And Cake offered him 40 more, than he had agreed to give for a Horle, if he would not go; and threatened to take away his Employment, if he did.

Roger Tooker laid, Edgcomb threatened to fend him to

Gaol, and ruin him, if he went to London, to be a W it-ness for the Petitioner; and offered him a Lease of the Town Mills at the Rent his Brother had them, if he would not go.

To invalidate the Testimony of the Petitioner’s Witnesses, the Counsel for the fitting Member called

Tho. Willesford, John Creeje\who said, the Carys and Tooker arc ot no Reputation: And laid, that

Beauford, Maltacot, and William Three or Four Years

ago laid, they could at any time carry an Election.

Nicholas Gub said, Tooker a Year ago said, he hoped, he should fee another Election, and then he would make Mr. Manaton Amends; and that Two Years ago Tooker was charged with a Bastard Child.

Then the Counsel for the fitting Member objected to Eleven on the Petitioner's Poll, who had not been objected to; and called

Tho. Willesford; who said, the Freehold, called1 the Whaddon, for which One of those Voters polled, was not in the Borough.

And, to confirm this, a Survey of the Borough, taken in 1692, was produced.

But it appeared by a Conveyance, made in 1699 by Willesford, the Witness, that the is in the

Borough.

That the fitting Member’s Counsel then declared, they had no other Witnesses, than such, as had been impeached by the Petitioner’s Witnesses.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to thefo Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Henry Manaton, Esquire, is not duly elected a

Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavijiock, in the County of Devon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That James Bulled, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Tavijiock.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner has fully made good the Allegations in his Petition, relating to the tampering with his Wit-ne fifes.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That John Edgcombe, having tampered with the Wit nclies of James Bull eel, Esquire, is guilty of an high Crime and Miklemeanor.

Ordered, That the said John Edgcomb be, for the fame, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That John Hatvey, Portreeve of the said Borough of Tavijiock, is guilty of many corrupt and indirect Practices, in relation to the said Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

' Vot. 16.

Ordered, That the said John Harvey be, for his laid Offences, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Tavijiock, in the County of , by rafing out the Name of Henry Manaton, Esquire, and inserting the Name of James Bulled, Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Freman also reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election, and double Return, for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and the

Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the feme in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were scad; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow;

Upon the double Return for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and the Petitions of James Sheppard, Esquire, Sir Walter Tonge, Baronet, and the

Potwallers, Inhabitants of the Borough, severally complaining of that Return:

That the Committtee have inspected the Record of the Return, and examined the Merits of the Election.

If the Right of Election be in the Inhabitants, House-holders, paying Scotland Lot, Mr. Sheppard is returned duly elected.

11 the Right be as well in the Populace, as in thp Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, Sir Walter is returned duly elected.

That, to prove the Right of Election in the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, only, Mr. s

Counsel called

Richard Putt, Esquire, Mof Abbott, William Draper,

John Backwel, and Wm. Bucknall, who said, they had known the Borough 30, 40, and 50, Years: That at an Election, 40 Years ago, the Potwallers were refused, and none but Scotland Lot Men voted then: That at all Elections since the Potwallers have claimed a Right to vote; and at an Election in 1679, upon a Report being spread, that they would be refused, they pulled down the Place, built tp take the Poll in, and the Balcony of the House, the Poll was adjourned to:

That, since that Tjtjie, they have been admitted to poll, for Peace-fake, but the Returns were made by the Scotland Lot Men: That they have been told by several ancient Men of the Borough, who are now dead, that the Right ol Election was in the Scotland Lot Men only, and they take it to be so: That there are Three or Four Potwallers in an House.

John Walter and Tho. Hughes laid, they have heard Sir Walter Yonge say, he thought, the Right of Election was in the Scotland Lot Men; and that, in case of Opposition, he should think himself safe, if he had the Majority of them: That at this Election the Votes of the Potwallers were solicited on both Sides; and they polled on both Sides, without Objection; but Mr. Sheppard objected to them, upon the Scrutiny: That in all Elections, since 1660, all, that did not receive Alms, have been polled; and the Majority of the Scotland Lot Men, and Potwallers, have been of the same Side, as for as any Polls can be found,

Abraham Mathew fei<J, that at this Election Sir Walter Tonge, desired Mr. Sheppard to agree, who had a Right to vote; but be refuled; and laid, such Agreement could not determine the Right; and, upon the Scrutiny, he objected to the Potwallers.

Henry Humfry said, that, Three Months before the Election, he, by Mr. Sheppard's Direction, copied the Poor Rates for this Year, and marked the Scotland Lot Men living in the Borough.

That, to prove the Potwallers have Right to vote. Copies of Returns to Parliament in the Years i66t, 79, 80, 88, and 1705, were produced; and it was proved by Samuel Ash, John , Jcf. Drome, and

Tho.

Honiton

Election-

A. 171 o.

480 30 Februarii.

Tho. Bert, Esquire, that several of the Persons, who

signed those Returns, were Potwallers: That the Pot-wallers voted in the Election in 1661, and in all Elections since; and no Objection was ever made to them, if they did not receive Alms; and that they do Watch and Ward, and serve the Town Offices.

John Cholwich, Esquire, said, that Mr. Sheppard af-

firmed at this Election, that his Coachman had as good a Right to vote, as any: That he polled as a Potwailer: And Mr. Sheppard infilled, the Potwallers had Right to vote, and did not object to them upon the Poll; and, when he demanded a Scrutiny, he declared, he did it only to fee, if any of the Voters received Alms.

That the Journal of the House, in the controverted Election for this Borough in the Year 1701, was produced; whereby it appears, it was then agreed, the Potwallers had Right to vote.

- That the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of eleding Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the county of ,

is in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, and in the Potwallers, not receiving Alms.

Mr. Sheppard’s Counsel then admitted a Majority for Sir Walter Yonge, if the Potwallers had Right to vote.

Sir Walter Tong's Counsel alleged, he had a Majority of the Scotland Lot Men also.

The Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Walter Tonge, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borotsgh of Honiton, in the County of Devon.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the Words, "and in the Potwallers, not " receiving Alms."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That those Words (land Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers f°‘the ] 89-

Tellers for the Noes, j'7»-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then another Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting the Word "only" instead of the Words left out.

And the same was, upon the Quftion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Right of eleding Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, is in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, only.

The ad Resolution being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed, as to the Matter of the Poll.

ortfmouih Mr. Preman also reported from the Committee of Kie&ion. Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir fames Wijhart, Knight, and Sir Wm. Gifford, Knight, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Sir Charles Wager, Knight, and Sir John Knight, to serve

for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton:

That the Poll was thus:

66 for Sir Charles Wager:

64 for Sir John Jennings:

51 for-each Petitioner.

That it was agreed, the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses.

That the Question was, whether Joseph Esquire, who was elected Mayor of the Borough upon the 10th Day of December, 1709, was a legal Mayor; and whether the Aldermen, and Burgesses, elected during his Mayoralty, are good and legal Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the said Borough.

That it was admitted, that all Elections of Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough, must be made by the Mayor. Aldermen, and Burgesses, for the Time being, or the major Part of them.

That it appeared to the Committee, that Mr. -horn xsz Presbyterian, and goes to their Meeting-houses; and that he had not, within One Year next before his Election into the said Office of Mayor, taken the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according to the Rites of the Church of England-, and that several of the Aldermen protested against hisadingas Mayor; and several Aldermen, and Burgesses, were elected, during the Time he acted in the Mayoralty.

That, on the fitting Members behahy the Resolution of this House, 18° Car. "ldi, in the same of Mr. Austin, who was elected for the Port of Winchelsea, was infilled on: In that same it appears by the Journal, Mr. Austin was returned by a Mayor, who had not, within a Year before his Election, taken the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according to the Rites of the Church of;

and the House resolved, That Mr. A 11ftin was duly elected, and ought to fit.

That, upon Perusal of the Clause in the Act of Parliament, for the well governing and regulating of Corporations, which enjoins the taking of the Sacrament, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Joseph Whitehorne, Esquire, who was elected Mayor of the Borough of Portsmouth on the Tenth Day of December, 1709, and had not duly qualified himself for that Office, according to Law, by taking the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according to the Rites of the Church of England, within One Year next before his Election, was not legal Mayor of the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Aldermen, elected during the said pretended Mayoralty of the said Mr. Whitehorne, are not legal Aldermen, and the Burgesses, elected during his pretended Mayoralty, have not a Right to vote in Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Portsmouth.

After which the Counsel for the fitting Members admitted a Majority for the Petitioners, without those Burgesses.

And thereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Charles Wager, Knight, is not duly elected 3 Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Jennings, Knight, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Portsmouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir James Wijhart, Knight, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Portsmouth,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Wm.Gifford, Knight, is duly elected a Burgess,

to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Portsmouth.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered,

(Spill

jk to

farm

lieiU

Hean

tail

fee

Hit:

toft

Lee

U

klrj

Uar,

Li*

h

9 Ann. 3* — 5° Februarii.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, by rating out the Names of Sir Wager, and Sir

John Jennings, and inserting the Names of Sir James Wijhtart, and Sir Wm. Gifford instead thereof.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, laying before her Majesty the said Resolutions, relating to the pretended Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur* geflcs, of Portsmouth; and to desire her Majesty, that (he will please to give Directions to her Attorney General, to take the proper Methods for quieting and settling the said Borough in the Enjoyment of their ancient Rights and Privileges.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Abentfen, Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the Merits *c. ttcttion. of ti)C Election for the District of Aberdeen be farther adjourned until T/turfday Morning next.

I £"* Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Shire of Kinroffe be farther adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunct, 50 die Februarii;

Anno 9* Ann* Regina:, 1710.

Prayers.

HotK>«x’» \ N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lto*. for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, late of Sir

PhilipMonoux, Baronet, deceased, in From, and Parish of Southill, in the County of Bedford, according to his Will, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

F«tnrn<i The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to uuendtd. Order) amended the Returns for the Boroughs of Guildford, Tavistock, and Portsmouth.

N*w Romney Ordered, That Mr \Bretverhave Leave to withdraw his

£lectiou. petition, touching the Election for the Town and Port of New Romney, in the County of Sussex.

1 Ciack's An ingrossed Bill for Sale of the Barton and Farm of

kliat*. Possessoe, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of Se-

bafiiun ljaack, Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, and for Distribution of the surplus Money, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of the Barton and Farm of Possessoe, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of Isaack,

Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, and (or Distribution of the surplus Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Lands in Carleton Cur Hew, in the County of , for

Payment of the Debts of the said Jeffrey , Esquire, was read the First time-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Mr. Annejley reported from the Committee, to whom Wine the Petitions of several Creditors, Proprietors of Principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Mine Adventure omP*n of England, on behalf of themselves, and several Widows

and Orphans, Creditors and Members of the said Company, were referred; that they had heard the several Petitioners, and their Counsel; and, having taken the Matter of the said Petitions into their Consideration, they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table $ where it was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of the Compapy of Mine Adventurers, by establishing aMethod for settling the Differences between the Company and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual workingtlieMines of the said Company.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of the Company of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a Method for settling the Differences between the Company and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to aneffectual working the Mines of the said Company; and that Mr.

Annejley, Sir Richard How, and Mr. Trotman, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) refoived itself into a bidet's Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rec- Beta to tU tifying the Mistake, and enlarging the Time for a Com- ^rowa. position, given by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with William Malet, Esquire, for the Debt of his Father, for

whom he was Surety, while Receiver General of the County of Somerset, and City of Briftolt was committed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, tjiat they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments to the fame, which they bad directed him to report whea the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Portsraouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing a Burgess to serve In this present Parliament for the Borough of Pdrtfmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir James W, Knight, who, since his Election to serve for the said Borough, has been appointed by her Majesty to be one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, County Pub- to whom the Bill for ratifying Purchases, lately made lick. Mock, with the publick Stock of the County of Devon, and for making farther Purchases, for the Use of the said County, with the publick Stock thereof, and also for regulating, and better Employment of, the publick Stock of the said County, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause, for reviving Part of an Act, made in the 19th Year of King Charles the 2d (intituled, An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners, and setting them on Work) so far as it relates to the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr* Grantham have Leave to go into Leave *f the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to PabKck whom it was referred to examine, and state, the publick Debt*. Debts of the Navy, and other publick Offices, for which no provision is made by Parliament, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Abuses ia whom it was referred to enquire into the Abuses of the Vidualwg Victualing, be received upon Wednesday Morning next. Partm1n

Palmer* A Bill for confirming a Lease of One-and-twenty Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Abuses in tume. Years, made by Jeffrey Palmer, Esquire, and others, of jnt0 fa}fe Mutters, and other Abuses, in the Payment of You. 16, F her

j

4$2

Februarii,

A. 1710.

her Majesty’s Guards, and also Abuses, committed in relation to Cke/fta Hospital.

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Robert Jenken-

son, Mr- Word, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Gilbert Mr.

Campion, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. , Lord

Mr. Apnefiey., Earl Tkomottd, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Foley, Mr. Qgltfhorp, Sir Powys, Mr. Mr.

Knight, Lord Barrymore, Mr. , Mr. Hart, Mr.

Wylpolp, Mr. Scobell, Mr Bromley, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Balburst, Mr. Cefar, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Wm. Pole, Lord Compton, Colonel Lieutenant General IVebb, Mr. England, Sir Robert -vers, Sir John Walter, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. lylqjpr General Efklyn, Mr. Colonel

Mr. Windsor, Major General Rosse, General Erie, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Fran. Vincent, Lord Lumley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Child, Mr. Treby, Mr. Grant, Mr. Hedges, Sir Hen. Bellafis, Mr. Eversfield, Mr. Griffith, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Gate, Lord , Mr. Ferrier, Sir Bryan

Staplftpn, Mr. Burfiem, Mr. North, Mr. Corrance, Sir Richard Child: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fublick Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Fuud*. Majesty, that the will please to give Directions, that an Account may be laid before this House, of all such publick Funds granted by Parliament, that are now subsisting, what Incumbrances are upon them, and for what Time the same are granted.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her i. Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Receipts amt Refohed, That an humble Address be presented to Payment* of her Majesty, that she will please to give Directions, that Grants. there may belaid before this House, an Account of the Receipts, Payments, and Remains, of Money, granted in Parliament for the Year 1710, as the same flood in the Exchequer at the time, when the late Lord Treasurer was removed.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty's- tnoft honourable Privy Council,

Forces in My. Granville, (Secretary at War) presented to the

Spam and House, pursuant to their Address to her Majesty, Ap

ortuga. E(Umate of the Charge of her Majesty’s Forces upon thp Establishmpnts of Spain and as the same were

allowed by Parliament for the Year 1710; to which is added, an Account of the Augmentation of that Charge for, the; Year 1711, by the Alterations; and Additions, that have since been made, for carrying os the Wat m'thpfe Parts; as also of the' Exceedings, which have, accrued fyr that Service/ip former Years, nqt hitherto provided for,

' AJnd th^ Ti tle , of the said Eftiniate was read-Ordered, That the said Eftitnatei be referred to the Confederation of the Comjtiiittqe of the whole House, who are to Consider farther of the Supply granted, to bpr Majesty.

’ - l i.; The. said EXlimate it* bound up with the other

Papers of this Session. - -

.; ( }

.iVfcyi The House (according to Order) refblved itself into and Mean*. ppfiynittec of the whple-House, to consider farther of Ways and Means foe railing the Supply granted to her" Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

_ j

Ordered, That the Report bf received upon day Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Meara for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir John Kay, Sir John Bland, Sir Kennrt IVm. Robinfin, Mr. Monflon, Mr. Colonel Nav-igai*

Byeriy, Serjeant Girdler, Mr. Jefop, Serjeant son, Mr. Papil/on, be added to the Committee, to whom

the Bill for making the River Kennet navigable, is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Preserv*tk» the Preservation of white Pine Trees, growing in her Pm«Tr«s Majesty’s Colonies of New Hampshire, the Massachusets Bay, and Providence, or Main Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganjet Country, or King’s Province, and ConneElicut, in New England, New York, and New Jersey, in America, for the mailing her Majesty’s Navy, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 70 die Februarii;

Anno 9* Annae Reginae, 1710.

Prayers.

f~\R hERED, Thar Lord Fermanagh, Mr. Blackmore, kennw Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Scobell, Mr. . Mr. Tuck field, Navigation Mr. Burridge, Mr. Cefar, Mr. Franfdand, Mr. Fremd>i,

Mr. Bulieel, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Rich. Hoar, Mf. Wort-ley, Mt.Hutchirfon, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lamb ton. Sir Robert Eden, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kennet navigable, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Wykes have Leave to go into Leaved" the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occa- ALfyioe. lions. , 1 . i

A Petition of the Land-holders, and Maltsters, and Kennet other inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Sutton, Court- Navigation. ney, Draytonrhjagbyrne, and Places adjacent, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read: setting fqrth, that a Bill for making the River Kennet navigable, having received a 2d reading, and being committed, the Petitioners are very apprehensive, the same will be injurious to them: And praying, that they may be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and other Inha- Ditto, bitants, of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners find by the Votes, that a Bill for making the River Kennet navigable, i« committed to the Consideration of a Committee of this House: That should it pass into a Law, it will particularly prejudice the said Borough, as the Petitioners hope to make appear: Aud praying to be heard against the said BiH before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee!of tihe whole Males* . House, to whom the Bill for rectifying the Mistaka, Debt to lb* and enlarging the Time for a Compofuion, given by an Crown-

' Ad

W.13

«Jl!

fciler

U"’ji

m

km

9 Ann.

Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty* Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Yreafurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with fVm. Esquire,

for the Debt of his Father, for whom he was Surety, while Receiver General of the County of and

City of Bristol, was committed, the Amendments . made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House: And he read the tame in his Place, and after* wards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question (everally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Way* Ordered, That the Report of the Motion, which was ami Means. on Fridaylaft directed to be received Yesterday, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Briery at Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

Eltchoos. nCxt, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament

Dtbtors A Petition of the insolvent Gentlemen, and others, l'ctiuoaa. Prisoners in the Fleet Prison, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousandsin the Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, to oblige the Creditors of insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to restore to them their Liberty: That the Petitioners are willing to deliver up their All to their Creditors, yet are like to have no Relief by this Bill (though in a deplorable Condition) by reason the House has given Inllrudions to the Committee, to provide, that it shall not extend to relieve such, as aie indebted above £. 20 to any one Person: And praying, that the Bill may be made more extenGve, whereby unfortunate Persons, who owe greater Sums, may also have Relief thereby.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Fri Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ways Mr. Coders reported from the Committee of the whole sna Mearns. House, wdio were to consider farther of Ways arul Means for tailing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to Report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a yearly Fund be charged and (ettled upon, and made payable out of, the Subsidy of Poundage, and other Duties, upon several Merchandizes, to be exported, and the several Duties upon Coals, to be exported for Parts beyond the Seas, and the Duties to arise upon the Exportation of Leather, Sheep-feins, and Calvc-flfcins, tanned; tawed, or drcfTed, and the several Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, which shall be Water-borne, to be carried from one Part of Britain to any other Part of the fame, and the Duty of One per Cent, on Ships, trading into the and the Duty of

Five Shillings for every Woollen Cloth exported, and the farther Duty upon Candles, which have been agreed to by the House for a Term of 32 Years, to-raile Money by way of a Lottery.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Vol. 16.

4*3

Rejohed, That the House doth agree wish the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a yearly Fund be charged and settled upoo, and made payable out of the Subsidy of Poundage, and other Duties, upon several Merchandizes, to be exported, and the several Duties upon Coals, to be exported for Parts beyond the Seas, and the Duties to arise upon the Exportation of Leather, Sheep- skins, and Calve-lkins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and the several Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, v^iich shall be Water-borne, to be carried from one Part of Great Britain to any other Part of the fame, and the Duty of One per Cent, on Ships, trading into the Mediterranean, and the Duty of 5 for every

Woollen Cloth exported, and the farther Duty upon Candles, which have been agreed to by the House for a Term of 32 Years, to ratfe Money by way of a Lottery.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom it Public was referred to examine, and state, the Publick Debts of Debts, the Navy, and other publick Offices, for which no Provision is made by Parliament, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and they had directed him to report to the \

House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Foley also reported from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Petition of Adam Brown, Edward Ward, and John on be-

half of themselves, and others, the poor Creditors of the old Debt of the Office of Ordnance, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee heard several of the Petitioners, and I'ome of the Officers of the Ordnance, thereupon.

The Petitioners alleged, that the Sum 97,722. 19J.

%id. mentioned in the Petition, is due to them; and that they have Debentures for the greatest Part of it:

That, for want of Payment, they, and their Families, have suffered much.

That the Officers of Ordnance acquainted the Committee, that none of the present Officers w'ere in the Office, when this Debt is said to be contracted: They own, that they found in the Office an old Book, wherein this Debt is mentioned; which begins in 1673, and ends in 1679.

That in 1682 this Debt was laid before King Charles the 2d, in Council, and referred to the then Commissioners of the Treasury; but that no Provision was ever made for satisfying the fame, or any Part of it paid, either in that Reign, or since.

That, upon a Reference from her present Majesty, the Board of Ordnance did, the 2ft Ja, 170^, make the following Report:

May it pleafo your Majesty,

IN Obedience to your Majesty’s Commands, signified by Mr. Secretary. Harley'% Letter, of the aiftof December last, we have examined into the Allegations of the annexed Petition of Adam Brown, and others; and find by the Books in this Office, that there was-a Debt contracted in King Charles the- ad’s Time, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the last of 1679,

amounting to ,£.97,722. 19J. 8 We believe the Debt to be very just, and that a great many Families have suffered, for wane of its being paid; but, though several Applications (as we are informed) have been made in King Charles's Time, and in the succeeding Reigns, yet no

Consideration has hitherto been had of it; and how realisable it may be, when this Office lies under a Debt of near £. 200,000 contracted in this present War, we humbly l’ubmit to your Majesty s better Judgment.,

That the Committee cannot find, that any Notice hath been taken by the Parliament of this Debt.

And

7° Februdrit.

1

t

j

1

1

484 7® — 8® Februarii. A. 1710.

And that, for a great many Years, this Debt hath not been stated in the Estimates delivered to Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Abuse* in Mr. Cqfar reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Abuses of the Victualing, $par en. Matter, as it appeared to them, and they had directed him to report to the House , which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con-Cderation upon Tomorrow Seven-night.

Way* The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Main*, whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Tregonry Ordered, That Mr. Millington have Leave to with-Eledioi, draw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Tregoney, in the County of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 8* Februarii;

Anno 9° Annae Reginse, 1710.

Prayers.

Leave of /ORDERED, That Mr. have Leave to go

Absence. v into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The Orders of the Day were read.

Member* The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Qualification, whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Freman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Freman reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to it, which they had directed him to report, when House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Prisoner* The House being informed, that the Commissioners taken by the fOT Sick and Wounded, attended, they were called in, Fiench. an(j^ at jjar> presented to the House,

An Account of all Sea Officers, and Seamen, which have been taken Prisoners by the French, and have been exchanged, and of the Method, observed in exchanging Prisoners, and what Numbers of British Prisoners are in France, with the Balance of the Account, from December, 1707, to December, 17105 and also,

An Account of the Exchange of Prisoners at War, between Great Britain and France, from , 1707,

to December, 1710.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Stephens, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Colonel Lee, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hart, Mr. Shippen,

Sir Fra. Vincent. Mr. Hordes, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Ber-

ners, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Stuart, Sir Richard Leving, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gore, Sir fVm.

Pole, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Mr. Plumtree, Dr.

Pafke, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Mr.

Downing, Mr. Campion, Sir Brian Stapleton, Mr. Freman, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Monckton, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Scobtll, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Calver/ey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Woollafion have Leave to withdraw Whitcharci his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Electfoo., Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton.

The Petition of Stephen Moxley, in Custody of the Ser- Privilege — jeant at Arms attending this House (which was ordered a ^cr, son in to lie upon the Table) being taken into Consideration; fiS*

the feme was read; letting forth, that the Petitioner, Discharge. having fallen under the Displeasure of the House, is truly sorrowful for it: That his Confinement renders him incapable of providing for his Family, whole Support wholly depends on the Petitioner’s Labour: And praying, that he may be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Stephen Moxley be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

Mr. Conyers (accrding to Order) reported from the w»y* Committee of the whole House, who were to consider *<1 farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Motion, which they had directed him to make to the House; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the Act, of the 3d and 4th Year of her Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France) so far as it relates to the prohibiting the Importation of French Wines.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Act, of the 3d and 4th Year of her Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France) so far as it relates to the prohibiting the Importation of French Wines; and that Mr.

Conyers, Sir Robert Dovers, and Sir Pole, do pre-

pare, land bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Conyers also reported from the said Committee, the farther Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Duty be laid upon all Hops, of the Growth of Britain, or imported into the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty upon Hops, to be imported into Great Britain, be Three Pence per Pound Weight, over and above the present Duties on Flemish or other Hops imported, to be paid by the Importers thereof respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty upon all Hops, of the Growth or Great Britain, be One Peny per Pound Weight, to be paid by the Owners thereof, when they are cured, and bagged.

Resolved,

Aberd tc. E!»

1

Utu

9 Ann.

8° — 90 Eebruarii.

485

Resolved, That it is the Opinion bf this Committee, That the said Duties upon Hops be granted for a Term of Four Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Hops be permitted to be imported into except from Great Britain.

The laid Resolutions, being federally read a Second

this Afternoon, Chamber.

at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's

The Orders of the Day were read.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Bribery at whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the Ekftww. better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and oihir

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, undue Pra&‘ces> *n Elections of Members to serve tn greed unto by the House. Parlument.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions{ and that Mr the Chancellor of

the Exchequer, Sir Tho , Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, that thfcy do in the Bill make Provision for a Drawback upon all Hops of the Growth of Great Britain, to be exported to Ireland.

Aberdeen, Then the House proceeded in the farther Considera-c. Election, tion of the Merits of the Election for the District of Aberdeen.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in, and heard.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

Dumfries

ticvlwn.

Aberdeen, &c. Ketura amended.

Palmer's Lit* tt.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Powys took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Powys reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, refofve it fell inco a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Papers, which were formerly laid

Supply;

pretent Parliament for the District of

put. That Janus Scott, Esquire, Is duly elected a Burgess, ^f^ore the House, relating to the Arrears of Pay to the

Thirteen Dutch Regiments, for their Service in th^ late War, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The Order being read, for the House to felblve itself into a Committee of the whdle House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do take into Consideration the former Acts of Parliament, concerning the Poll Offices in England and Scotland, and how her Majesty’s Revenue ill a General Poll Office may be increased, to the end that Part of the said Revenue, so increased, may be set apart towards railing her Majesty’s Supply; and that the said Committee have Power to consider of altering, or making void, the said tdrmer Acts, or any the Rates, or other ' Matters, therein contained, and of making, instead thereof. One Act, for establishing such General Poll Office for Britain, and other her Majesty’s Dominions, and for foreign Parts, as may be most conduceable to the

to serve in this Aberdeen;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That tt illiam Levinguon, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Aberdeen-,

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,<?" 'V‘"

x. Sharp:

Tellers for the Noes,} Gou/ston,

I Mr. Betts:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the District of Aberdeen, by rafing out the Name of James Scott, Esquire, and inserting tire Name of ttrm.

Levir.giton, Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Electiort , for the Shire of Dumfricze be adjourned until T Serv’ice ot her Majesty^ and^her Subjects Morning next. "

Way* and Mcdtis.

165. ^26.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V cneris, 9* die Februarii;

Anno 9* Ann* Regin*, 1710.

PlAYERS.

Ordered, That the Lift of Pensions, payable out of the Poll Office (which hath been presented to the House) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, had come to a Resolution, which they had^W tt.-v him to report, when the House will please to r lame. e/viv. tin*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

f 'HE Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according Morning,

I *1- nm.iA Mr Q0nym also acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, Tl\it this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A to Order) amended the Return for the District of Aberdeen.

A Bill for confirming a Lease of One-and-twenty Years, made by Jeffery Palmer, Esquire, and others, of Lands in Carleton Curliezv, in the county of ,

for Payment of the Debts of the said Jeffery Palmer, Esquire, was read a Second time.

Rpfolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Beaumont, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Ward. Mr. Buiteel, Mr. Cotton, Lord

Colonel Lee, Mr. Freman, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Heysham, ’Mr. Cater, Mr. Chomlcy, Sir Tho. Powys, SuArth. Kay,

Mr. Lozvther, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Burgh, Colonel Stephens, Mr. Elliott, Sir Jacob Banks-, and all, that serve for the Counties of Leicester and SAnd they to meet Vot. 16.

Stephen Moxley, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was Privilege — (according to Order) brought to the Bar; where he, upon A Person his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; ^ndt"(-"nd*^ and was discharged out or Custody, paying his Fees. charged.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

6G

486 10° Februani. A. 1710.

Sabbat i, 10* die;

Anno 9* Anna Regin*, 1710.

Prayers.

Exchange of jf\RD EREO, That Mr. Mr. Johnson, Sir

Erifontrs of fitter King, Mr. Chur, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Chapman, War. Mr. Onslow, be' added to the Committee, to whom

the Accounts of the Exchange of Prisoners at War, are referred.

Monoux’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eftau. for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, late of Sir Philip Monouie, Baronet, deceased, in Broome, and Parish of Soul hill, in the County of Bedford, according to his Will, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr Farrer, Mr. Frefujis, Mr. Goulflon, Mr. Lambton, Mr.

Mr. Bristow, Sir John Cope, Mr. Scobell, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Gott, Sir Wm. Wythers, Mr. Hedges, Colonel Stevens, Mr. Foley, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Conyers, Sir Rich. Hoar, Mr. Fretnan, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Sir William Goftwick, Mr. DuncombMr. Mr. Mr.

Heysham, Mr. Rebinfon, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Renda, Mr. Berners, Mr. Coventry, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Wtlfon; and all, that serve for the Counties ot Essex, Suffolk, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

MaUt’g Debt An ingrossed Bill for rectifying the Mistake, and t* the Crown, enlarging the Time for Composition, given by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer; or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Wm. Malet, Esquire, for the Debt of his Father, for whom he was Surety, while Receiver General of the County of and

City of Bristol, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for rectifying the Mistake, and enlarging the Time for Composition, given by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Wm. Malet, Esquire, for the Debt of his Father, for whom he was Surety, while Receiver General of the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Kennet The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of London 'navigation. an(j Middlesex attended, they were called in, and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, that they were commanded by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of London, to present a Petition to this House.

And they presented the same to the House;

And then they withdrew.

And the Petition was read; setting forth, that the Bill in the House, for making the River Kennet navigable, will (if it be effected) be of great Advantage to the Publick, and particularly to the said City: And praying, that the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

I «ave of Ordered, That Mr. Charles Parker have Leave to go Abfcoc*. into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Fyner have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Way* Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported -from the ao4 Mean*. Committee of the whole House, who were-to consider

l9

farther of Ways and Means for failing the Supply grahted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the yearly Sum of One hundred Thirty-five thousand Pounds, be the Fund for railing Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, and charged upon the Duties, granted for a Term of 32 Years for that Purpose.

The said Resolution being read a Second time.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the yearly Sum of £.135,000 be the Fund for railing 1,500,000, by way of a Lottery, and charged upon the Duties, granted for a Term of 3 a . Years for that Purpose.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution, and upon the former Resolutions of this House, relating to the Duties, granted, or appropriated, for raising a yearly Fund for a Lottery j and that Mr.

Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr,

Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House being moved, to take into Consideration Vacatioiof the same of Sir William Gifford, Knight, who has been Seat by adjudged duly elected to terve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, whether he, being Governor of Greenwich Hospital, is capable (according to the Act 6*

Regina, for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line) of being a Member of the House of Commons;

The Act was read.

Ordered, That the Constitution of Greenwich Hospital, and also the Patent, constituting Sir Governor thereof, be laid before this House.

Mr. Freman (according to Order) reported from the Member* Committee - of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Quatiicaun*. securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, that AnfWcr t* their Address, of the Third Instant, relating to the Addmffes. Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, had been presented to her Majesty; and that her Majesty had been pleased to give the necessary Orders relating the reunto: And also acquainted the House, that their Addresses, of the 5th Instant, That her Majesty would be pleased to give Directions, that there might be laid before this House, an Account of all such publick Funds, granted by Parliament, that are now subsisting, what Incumbrances are upon them, and for what Time tire same are granted; and also an Account’ of the Receipts, Payments, and Remains, of Moneys, granted in Parliament for the Year 1710, as the Tame flood in the Exchequer at the Time, when the late Lord Treasurer

was removed ;.....and that her Majesty had been

pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay the said Accounts before this House.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to enquire Abuse*i» into false Musters, and other Abuses in the Payment of her Majesty’s Guards, and also Abufos committed in relation

ijjm

to

Lrirtl

Nn

for

lb

C,

9 Ann. ioa — 120

lation to Chelsea Hospital, have Power to fit in Morning.

Proed’s A Petition of John P Esquire, was presented to Chums00 the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1678 the War. Petitioner, being a Fad or at (where

Jate of London, had formerly been a Fad or) discovered, that kVar, with the Proveditor, and most of the Fadors there, were confederated in a very great and gainful Cheat, in wrong to the E Merchints trading thither, to the Hazard of his Life and Fortune: That in 1680 War, to divert the Petitioner’s further Discoveries, Cent him a separate Commission, to buy up all the Currants, and directed him to draw Bills, for the Money he should disburse, on Williams and Avfclme, his Correspondents at Venice: That the Petitioner bought up the said Currants, which cost 4,000, and shipped them for London, and there arrived Safe to j and the Petitioner drew Bills on Williams and; but War had

privately given them Instructions, not to accept the Bills; whereupon they were returned protested, to the Petitioner’s great Prejudice; who coming to England, obtained a J3ecree inChancety against for£ 6,404, but War stood out all Proccls, to a Sequestration; and, to make the same ineffectual, made divers fraudulent Sales and Conveyances of his Estate, to detcat the Petitioner; and is since dead; and those Claimants set up Titles to all his Estate; so that the Petitioner is reined iless by the common Forms of Law: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to subjcCk all the real and perfor.al Estate, which belonged to the said War, and has been held and enjoyed by fee et and fraudulent Conveyances and Assignmer.:*, made by him, to the Demands of ti e Petitioner.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee}

It passed in the Negative.

Lcirefter Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Wnt- the Clerk, of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Knight to serve in this present Parliament — for the County of Lin the room of the Right

honourable John Ma, Esquire, commonly called Lord Marquis of Granby, now Duke of Rutland.

Februarit. 48 j

Artd then the C'^urifel Were ag^in called in.

And the Counsel for the fitting Member proceeded to disqualify the Votes, given fur the Petitioner; and in-filled, that the Petitioner fliotiid produce a Paper, pro-, duced by him at the Election, relating to the Value of the Lands, for which he voted at the said Election.-

The Counsel thereupon withdrew.

And the Question being put, That the Petitioner do produce the Transcript of several Writings, by him produced at the said Election;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Petitioner was duly qualified td vote in the Election for the Shire of

After Which the fitting Member declared, he shouldj not proceed any farther in disqualifying the Votes, given for the Petitioner.

Whereupon the Question being put. That Mungo Greeme, Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Kinross;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Sir John Malcolme, Baronet, is duly elected a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Kinross.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Shire of Kinross, by rafing out the Name of Mongo Greeme, of GortJty, Esquire, and inlerting the Name of Sir John Malcolm, Baronet, instead thereof.

Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election Oakbamptou for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, Election, be farther adjourned until Ehurfday Morning next; and-that the Clerk of the Crown do then attend with the Return for the said Borough; and that Christopher junior, one of the Serjeants at Mace, do then also attend.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lufice, 12°;

Anno 9* Ann® Reginas, 1710.

Prayers.

Kmrofo The’House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the «cuon. Eie<qion for the Shire of

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition, relating to the said Election, was read.

And the Counsel on both Sides were heard.

And a Paper Writing being offered to be read as Evidence on the fitting Member’s behalf, which was-ob-jested against by the Petitioner’s Counsel;

The Counsel withdrew.

Refolded, That the Decret of a Baron Court be admitted to be read as Evidence, to prove the fitting Member’s Possession of those Lands, for which he voted at the Election for the Shire of Kinross, though it was not produced, when the Objection was made to his Possession.

And the Counsel were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Decret was read accordingly.

And the Counsel were again heard, and then withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pur. That the fitting Member was duly qualified to vote in the Election for the Shire of Hhrofs;

The House divided:

The Y cas go forth:

" " " 7

> 84.

Mr. Mackenzie: S

So it passed in the Negative.

CaodUs. Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Vol. 16.

c , v CMv. Cockburn,

1 ellers for the 1 eas,; n ’

(Mr. Pringle:

Tellers for the Noes ^oc^ram*

iellers for the Noes,>Xfr MackenzU

ii.

THL Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according Kinross to Order) amended the Return for the Shire of Return Kinross. amended.

A Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 43d. Assize of Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act Bdlet. concerning the Assizes of Fewell) so far as it relates to the Assize of Billet, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Perrier,

Mr. England, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Con-yets, Sir Robert Edeny Mr. Harcowrty Mr. Gorey Mr.

North, Mr. Bernersy Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Neivdigate,

Sir IVm. Robhtfon, Mr. Lewis, Mr! L!oydy Mr. Goulston,

Mr. lVinflanley, Sir IVm. Barker, Mr. Gwyny Mr. Cotton,

Mr. Heysham, Mr. Gofty Air. JDalby, Mr. Harley; and all, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir IVm, Wyndham presented to the House (according Importing to Order) a Bill to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool Card*. W ool Cards, and to prevent the Abuses in making the same with old Card Wire j and the same was received, and read the First time.

Refchedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Charles Lord Viscount Cullen was present- LordCullen’s ed to the House, and read; setting forth, that by In- Estate. denture, in April, 170S, the Manor of Elmefthorp, in Leicestershire, was limited in Trust, to be sold, for Payment of the Petitioner’s Debts: That the Petitioner hath since contracted with the Lady Mary Noell, to fell her the said Manor, and Advowson, at 2a Years Purchase, for . ’ the

the Purpose aforesaid; hut the same cannot safely be done without an Act of Parliament, by reason several material Writings were loft, during the Petitioner’s Minority, and for that the Petitioner, and the said Lady Noel, have agreed to add £. 5 per Annum an ancient Modus, of £. 25 per Annum, paid to the Rector of ElrrJ-thorp, in lieu of Tythes, which, in Process of Time, may destroy the Modus: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Manor, and Advowson, for Payment of the Petitioner’s Debts, and for making an Addition to the said Modus, in lieu of Tythes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Bracebridge and Sir Geo. Beaumont do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Parke’s A Petition of Mary Parke, Widow, Nicholas Parke

Debt to the and Francis Parke (Infants) by the said Mary , was Grown. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that an Act passed 6° Anna, to impower the Lord Treasurer to compound a Debt to her Majesty with Richard Park, the Petitioner Marys Husband; who died, before any Competition was perfected, leaving the Petitioners in a mise-fable Condition: And praying, that Leave'may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Treasury to perfect the said Composition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Fake's A Petition of Jofefh Pake, one of the Sureties of

Debt to the tnuel Pacey, late Receiver General of the County of Suffolk, Crown. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, in pursuance of an Act 70 Anna, the Lord Treasurer declared the Composition, to be paid by the Petitioner for Pacy's Debt to the Crown, but, by a Misrepresentation of the Petitioner’s Circumstances, fixed it at more, than double the Petitioner’s Substance: That in the last Session of Parliament a Bill passed this House, for the Petitioner’s further Relief, but was rejected in the House of Lords: That the Petitioner is willing to give up all he has, to satisfy the said Debt, desiring only his personal Liberty, to get something by his Profession, for the Support of his great Family: And praying the Mercy and Relief of the House in this Cafe.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of tho Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, who were the original Securities for the said Samuel Pacy, with the Proceedings on the former Composition.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, who were the original Securities {oxRithard Parke.

The House being informed, that a Person from Greenwich Hospital attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, The Constitution of the said Hospital; and also the Commission to Sir William Gifford, to be Governor;

And then withdrew.

And the said Constitution was read:

And it appeared, that the Constitution of the iaid

Greenwich

Hospital,

Hospital, whereby the Governor thereof was appointed, was before the Act of 40 Anna Regina, for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line.

After which Sir William Gifford came into the House^ and took his Place.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

A Petition of John Henry Scheidman, Michael Remy, Arrears of Henry Miller, arid William Miller, in behalf of themselves. Regiment*, and several Commission 'and Non-commission Officers, with hundreds of private Troopers, Dragoons, and Soldiers, of the Thirteen Dutch Regiments, that served in the late War, upon the English Establishment, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the , Petitioners are now settled here, and have spent much Time and Money, in their Applications to the House of Commons, to recover the Arrears due to them: That Mr. Vander Efch refusing to settle his Accounts, and the superior Officers absenting themselves beyond the Seas, have occasioned those Arrears: That Mr. John Hallun-gius, in his printed Papers, delivered the last Session of Parliament, endeavoured (as still he doth) to deprive the Petitioners of their just Arrears, by getting the same into his Hands, by villifying the Petitioners, untruly suggesting, that most of the Money, allotted for the Petitioners, was due to the Officers for Money, by them borrowed at high Interest; which when the Petitioners had falsified, they were promised to be paid out of the Money received, but by whom, or in what manner, does not appear; and now at last, to wipe them of all Relief, claims the

whole in behalf of the States General, by alleging those 1

Troops to be Auxiliaries; but does not make it appear, how, or to whom, they were Auxiliaries, they being under the English Establishment, subject to the late Kin?

William, to whom, they took the Oaths of Fidelity, ana were no ways subject to be recalled by the States: And praying, that the said HaHungius may receive no Money, until the whole Acedunts, relating to the said Dutch Regiments, be dated, which the Petitioners are ready to state and settle, not doubting to prove, that all his Pre* tendons are unjust, and groundless.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Orders of the Day were read.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, appointed to examine, and Debt*, state, the publick Debts of the Navy, and other publick Offices, for which no Provision is made by Parliament.

And the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee have met several times; and, upon Examination of the Estimate of the Debt of the Navy, and of the Commissioners of the Navy, Victualing, and Sick and Wounded, and several other Persons,

It appeared to the Committee, that at Michaelmas, 1710, there was due. by Computation, on Bills in the 2d Book, namely. Purlers Balance Bills, and for extraord’-necessary Money, Pensions, Halfpays, Surgeons, free Gifts, and other Services, incurred before the late Reign, the £. t. d. net Sum of - - - 14,582. 10-

On this there is no Interest running.

That

9 Ann

i 2° Februarii.

489

Wear and T«ar.

That there is due at upon

fhc prehrnt Kegilter Books, for Bills numbered in Course -

For Freight of Hospital Ships, and Tenders, Debt at the Out-ports, and for Stores delivered upon Contracts, for Which no Bills were madeout, the Sum of ForWages, due to hcr Majesty’sYards, and Rope-yards -

Principal. Inters ft to Mich. 1710.

£ x. £ i-

1,631,648 toi,i8( 8 —

m m m -

2

TOTAL.

i*732,*34

j.

8 —

46,674 11 1

385,134-----

38>4i9 3 "

2,164,642 19 1

That it appeared to the Committee, by Mr. Hawes, who was Cashier to Sir 7'ko.Littleton and to Mr.

pole, late Treasurers of the Navy, that at Michaelmas, 1710, there was on this Head; viz.

In the Hands of Sir Tho. Littleton's Executrix, in Money 866 — 3

In Mr. Walpole'Hands, in Money, and Exchequer Bills 37,553 4 9

Remains net Debt, charged by the Commissioners on this Head -There is Intcrclt running on this Head only on Bills numbered in Course.

Seamens Wages.

Tint there is due for Wages to several Men, remaining unpaid upon the

B(,oks of Ships, paid off since this Reign .....205,296 8 8

By a Computation, which may be supposed to satisfy such, as may call for Wages, due on Ships, paid off in the lift Reign - 57,8*4 *3 5

For Wages due to all her Majesty’s Ships, now in Pay, computed to Mich.

1710 - - -: - 1,4*3*473 -

To pay off and discharge all the Bills entered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Ncccflaiies, Bounty to Widows and Orphans, and other Services on this Head,

Pr5nciPal.....*6,3t6 l6,c- c_

Interest - 41 -

s.

d.

2,iz6,22 3 16 1

That it appeared to the Committee, by Mr. Hawes, that at Michaelmas, 1710, there was on this Head,

In t he 1 lands of Sir Tho. Littleton's Executrix, in Money, and T allies, ----- 7,896 10 —

in Mr. Walpole*,s Hands, in Exchequer Bills - 29,178 2 3

i*772>95* 7 1

37»°74 i* 3

Remains net Debt, charged by the Commissioners on this Head -That the Committee observe,

That in the Years 1702, 1703, and 1704, there was paid to the Commissioners of Transports out of this Head - -- -- - 84,515 1* 8

That the 8,coo Marines, supposing the Regiments full, have been an extra’

Expence of - - - -H9>675. 3

That it is probable, the Publick will save a great Sum of Money on this Head, especially on the Three lirit Articles; the Sums on the two first being due to Men discharged, and dead, great part of which will not be claimed, and the Computation, the Commissioners have made on the Second Article, is about One-third of what is in their Books.

The Third Article is computed at the full Complement of the Ships.

Yiduuling.

That there is due on this Head, upon Bills numbered in Course, from the 3d of December, 1707, to the 30th of 1710 For Bills of Exchange from foreign Parts, for Supply of her Majesty’s Ships, neceflury and extra* necessary Money -

To the Officers, Labourers, and Workmen, employed at the several Ports

For extraordinary Freights, Demorages, to victualing Ships, sent to Pert Mahon, and into the Mediterrane, with Provi fions for the Service of her Majesty’s Fleet, for which Bill are not yet made out f To her Ma-For short ^jesty’s Ships Allowance tat Sea - 33,450 — C.On Recalls 45,804 9

Yol. 1G.

L733.876 14 10

Principal. Interest by Computation. TOTAL.

£ x. 1,501,798 6 2 £ x. i. 68,315 £ x. d. I*57°»Il3 6 a

m m m m m m 29,090 3 11 21,634 14 it

- 9,159 10 —

3 ' ’ . 79»254 9 7

£- 1,709,252 4 7

6 H

Publick

P'i')V>ck

L'elt*.

49° 12° fiebruarii.

It appeared to the Committee, that there was on this Head, on 1710, in Money;

viz. jr. s. d. s. d.

In the Hands of Sir Thd. Lilikm's Executrix - 844 2 31

In Mr. Wa/polt'sHands - - - -14,435 15 n

In Mr. Knox's Hands, late Agent for Gibraltar - 103 5 9!

In the Hands of the Paymaster of Guards and Garisons, being flopped from the Pay of the Company at Newfoundland, for Provisions supplied them by the Commissioners of Victualing, for the Yehrs 1705 and 1708 ----- 1,679 — —

----- 17,062 4 —

Remains net Debt on this Head - -

There is Interest running On this Head only on the Bills numbered in Course.

That the Committee observe, that a great Sum on this Head doth not properly belong to this Account. Tht: Commissioners charge, paid on account of Land Forces £.608,485. 7 7

out of which Sum deducting £. 1,679 ln t*ie Hands of the Paymaster of Guards and Garisons, for Deductions made from the Gafifon at Newfoundland, there remains £.606,806. 7. 7. charged by them on account of Land Forces, for which they have received no Money. This Sum is charged for Provisions, and victualing Land Forces on board, for the Garison of land, for the EngtiJIiGafifon at Gibraltar, for Marines, Spanish and Dutch Forces, the Inhabitants, and the Fortifications, of that Garison; Part of which Sum is, by Computation, at 10 a Moh a Day, from tile 30th of Jtme,. 1707, to the 30th of Sept. 1709, and at Man a

Day, from the First of OElo. 1709, to the 30th of , 1710, for 2,500 Men, when we have

but Two Eng/ish Regiments in that Garison, which the Committee were informed by Officers,

belonging to those Regiments, were about 1,000 effective men.

That the Commissioners own, they have had no regular Accounts from any of their Agents at Gibraltar.

Mr. Knox, their first Agent’s Account, is not yet passed: They have no Account at all from Mr. Bowks, who succeeded Mr. Knox in June, 1707 j nor any Account from Mr. who succeeded Mr. Bowles.

That the Committee find, there have been Deductions made from the Garison, at Newfoundland, to the Year 1709; but, upon the the Examination of Mr. Sloper, some of the Officers belonging to the English Regiments in Gibraltar, and of several Agents, cannot find, that any

Deductions have yet been made from any of the Forces sent to or Portugal, for Provisions supplied them by the Commissioners for Victualing; but, in cate it shall be thought reasonable to make any Deductions from the Regiments, sent to Spain and Portugal, for those Provisions, or that the Dutch repay what has been furniflaed their Troops, or that an Allowance be made for what hath been supplied the Spanish Soldiers, and Inhabitants, at Gibraltar, or that any of the Money, given by Parliament for the Extraordinaries of the War in Spain and Portugal, be applied to this Service, whatever those Sums shall be, will lessen the Debt on this Head; and when the Deductions are made from the Garison at Newfoundland, for the Two last Years, those will a!so so much lessen this Debt.

Mr. Sloper also acquainted the Committee, that, over and above the Provisions, the Garison of Gibraltar have had from ibe Commissioners of Victualing, above £.30,000 hath been paid for soft Bread, and other Extraordinaries, for that Garison; and that there is a Demand of £. 50,000 more on that Account.

That the Committee further observe, that in an Account delivered in to the House the 5th of January last, and referred to thb Committee, of the Particulars, which have chiefly occasioned the Debt of Victualing, in the last Page of that Account the Commissioners of Victualing, make a Note, that between the 30th of Sept. 1701, and the 30th of Sept, 1710, there hath been received short of the 19J. a Man a Month, allotted for the Service of the Victualing, £.172,184. 19;. which Remark they owned to be a Mistake, and acknowledged, that they have received in that Time, over and above the tgt.a Man a Month, £.258,328. i8j. g\d.

That the Committee further observed, that the Commissioners of Victualing paid very high Rates for Bills of Exchange to Lisbon, and to Jamaica: That they made a Contract with Sir Gilbert Hetbcott, which they continued (though not, obliged to it) from April, 1702, to Febr. 176?, by which he was to pay £. to8 at Jamaica, and receive £.ico here at 30 Days Sight. That in that Time there Was only £.587. 10. returned by other Persons*. Thar, at that Rate, Sir Gilbert Hethcote returned £.67,105. 14 s.7 d.The Committee examined Mr. Mr.

Drake, and Mr. Kent, West India Merchants; who acquainted them, that they never knew the Exchange at Jadtaich, sita'ce i 701, to be under £. to per Cent. That they generally received there 130, and sometimes£. 135 for £. 100 to be paid at 30 Days Sight here.

The Committee find, that from February, 1704, the Commissioners of Victualing employed other Merchants, and from that time have had £.18 Cent, allowed from Jamaica, till lately; and that now they have £. 20 allowed; and that the Debt of the Office was much greater, when they hud £. 18 and £.20 per Cent, allowed, than when they had but£. 8 per Cent.

Sick and Wounded.

That there is due for the Service of Sick and Wounded, and for Subsistence of French Prisoners, the net Sum of--- -

That the Committee observe on this Head, that the Commissioners of the Navy, in their F.flimate, made the Debt On this Head £.84,880. 10/. 10 but the Committee, upon Ett&mi-nttiun of the Commissioners of Sick and Wounded, find, that £.30,596 10. 9$. is a provisional Account for the current Year, and therefore have deduced it; which reduce* the Debt to the Sum above.

Total -

A. 1710.

£ >- d.

1,693,190 — 7

54,284 — — J

5,623.157 a 2i That

7io.

9 Ann.

i a® Febntarii.

That it appeared to the Committee, by Mr. that at Mich. ijmo» £ s.

fliere was in the Hand of Sir fko. Little:on'& Executrix Tallies on Reversions

on Annuities - 46,483 —

On the 12th 4 Sh. Aid -

d.

On Subsidies Anno 1710 On Candles On MaJt Anno 1710 -

*9*93° ~ —

On the General Mortgage 1707^ t

On the General Mortgage Anno } j.

1708 - - - - j *93

On the General Mortgage

*4 2}

12 7*

*9 ni

*4 4 i

8 10

- 2

S S

} 446,134 16 9I

Remains net Debt of the Navy, exclusive of the Register Office, the Sum of -

That the Commissioners of the Navy also charged for the Debt of the lic-gifter Office - -- 410,889 — - e

They acquainted the Committee, that this Debt arises from the 401. a Man, granted by that Act to such Sc imen, as shall register themselves, of which no Part hac.*> been paid; and that, as that Act is drawn, they do not know any Advantage it hath been to the Publick; and for which the Committee do not find, any Provision was ever made by Parliament

Ordnance Office.

That the Committee have examined the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, referred to them, and heard the Persons of that Office j upon which it appeared, that at 1710, the

Debt of that Office flood, as follows:

Due on Debentures passed to the Artificers, for Goods delivered for Land £. s. and Sea Service; on Bills in the Office j to be allowed to Artificers for Stores received upon Warrants, not compleated; for Stores and Freight at Plymouth and Perl/itsouth -, for Works performed at ^Tilb, Chatham, and the other Forts and Cafiles on the River Medw; for what is due on Account of the Fortifications in South and North Britain-, and what is due to

L-

491

PnWic

492,617 16

S.W39 i 6

Portugal -

Due to the Holland Train; to the Trains in Spain, and at Port Mahon-, to the Officers at Gibraltar-, to Engineers, and Storekeepers, at New York, Jamaica, hi.rbado:s.and L< id Shannon'% Expedition; to Fire-workers attending the Bomb Vessels in the Mediterranean \for Freight of Ships attending at Port

Mahon, and other Ports; for Salaries, and Rents of Storehouses

281,314 -

- 4i>396 n io|

They owned, that there was in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Ordnance,

at Michaelmas. 1710,

322,710 II toi

Tallies, {

On Low Wines -Subsidies 1709 -

D* 17 to -Malt 17 lO

D°

D®....

Candles -Exchequer Bills -That the Officers say, there ought to be deducted out of the above Tallies, For bliving of Lands for Fovtifica-

o

tions -

For carrying on the present Fortifications -

7.8,592 8 61

41,500 -

61,460 14 61

27,206 10 10 v '__________) 224,330 10

20.000

20.000 —

*5»33* H

10,238 1

ik

8i

2 i

42,000 -

*3*944 *4 —

----- .55.944 *4 —

Which being deducted, remains in Tallies, and Exchequer Bills - - 168,385 16 if

\Y Inch being DeJuffcil, the net Debt of the Office of Ordnance is -That ti c Committee observe, that Part of this Debt is by Estimation.

Transport Service.

That the Co ram it tee have examined the Estimate of the Debt for Transport Service, referred to them, and heard the Cutmnifiioners, and oilier Persons; upon which it appeared, that there was due, by the Register, for Transport Bills, issued out, and numbered to be paid in Course, for Freight of Shipping, Provision, and other Nccellaries, from the 5th of , 170^, to

the‘30th of September, 1710; viz.

For Freight of Shipping, to transport Forces to Portugal and Spain - -- 402,188 6 S

For Hay, Oats, Bread, Beer, Cheese, Cuik, Bedding, Cab-bins, Cradles, Stabling, and other Necelfiries - 18,009 3 2

For Freight of Ships, which trail i’por led Forces to Holland this Year - -- 3,689 — 9

For Interestof the above Bills at Mich. 1710

V0 L. 16.

----- — - 423,886 IO 7

35;535 3

*54,3*4 *j Si

The

Public

Debts*

492

120 Februarii. A. j -10

The Commissioners further charge for Ships, hired in Ireland, at , £. s.

Portsmouth, and Lisbon, by the Month, to transport Forces to Portugal and

Spain, whose Accounts are not yet adjusted, and for which no Bills have yet ' been numbered, or issued, great Part of which Ships, were running in Pay at Mich. 1710- ----- - - - 91,850 17

That it appeared to the Committee, that at 1710, there was in

the Hands of the Treasurer and Paymaster of Transports; viz.

COn the Land Tax 1708 - 12,421 8 4$

Tn Tillipc 3 H^lf Subsidies 1708 - - 29,687 10 9*

M General Mortgage 1709 - 10,000-----

(Malt 1710 - - - 17,139 8 2

----- 69,248 7 41

Over and above the above Sum in Tallies, delivered in by the Commissioners to the House in their Estimate, the Committee, upon Examination, found by an Account, signed by Sam.

Atkinson, and John Henly, Esquires, that there

was in their Hands, being Commissioners for Transportation in the late War, in Tallies on Coal and Culm - - - 1,500 — —

For Interest on those Tallies, from the 14th of Jan. 1698, to the 2d of June, 1710, at 7 per Cent. - - - -1,195 5 6

In Money ----- 301 ix 8

554.272

11

d.

9

4

f. d.

----- 2,996 17 2

Sam. Atkinson, and Nich. Roope, Esquires, owned, that at

Mich. 1710, there was also in their Hands, in Money - - 2,939 10 9$

That the 7th Decemberlaft they paid £.2,429. — s. +{d.

Part of the said Sum, to Tho. Micklethwait, Esquire, the present Treasurer: The remaining £.510.|0J* $d- they have now in their Hands

That there is due from Mr. Nutin, late Treasurer, and his Security - -- 2,867 *7 —

That there is due from Mr. Mason, late Treasurer, and his Security - -- 6,991 4 2

That there is due to the Transport Office, for Deductions made from the Soldiers, transported to Flanders, by Warrant from her Majesty ----- 13,227 9 2.

Almost all this Sum is already flopped, and in the Paymaster of the Army’s Hands: The Difference between what the Paymaster’s Office owns to be charged with, and what the Transport Office charges them with, is £.369. 11 s. 4 That at Michaelmas, 1710, there was in the Hands of Mr.

Micklethwait, Treasurer and Paymaster of the Transports, in '

Money, and Exchequer Bills ----- 31,210 —

----- 129,481 5 ni

Remains net Debt for Transport Service, at Mich 1710- - - - - 424,691 ,

Upon Examination of the Commissioners of Transports, the Committee cannot find, that -5 4*

any Deductions have been made from the Forces, sent to Spain and Portugal. By an Estima-tion, given in by the Commissioners, the Hay, Oats, and Water Calk, furnished since her Majesty’s Accession to the Crown, have cost £. 24,031. 14/. 11 d. If it shall be thought reasonable to make any Deductions on that Account, whatever they amount to, will in so much lessen this D^bt. The Commissioner also produced the Copy of a Warrant from her Majesty, to make Deductions from the Forces sent to Flanders; and therefore the Committee have brought the said Deductions to Account.

Upon Perusal of Mr. Nutin's and Mr. Mason % Accounts, and examining Mr. Morgan, Deputy Remembrancer, the Committee find, that Mr. Nutins Security gave Bond but for £. 2,000, which hath not answered his Debt: That Mr. MafonsSecurity are bound for a greater Sum, than his Debt amounts to, and that they are able to pay it , but that the late Lord Treasurer did, by Warrant, dat. 1 August, 1710, flop Process till the last Day of Michaelmas Term last.

Army and Transport Debentures.

That upon Examination of Mr. Jett, it appeared to the Committee, that the Debt, not provided for by Parliament, on Army and Transport Debentures, on Account of the last War, was; viz.

On Army Debentures -

On DebenturesmadeoutforOneDay’sPayforC//^<j Hospital On Debentures for Transport Service -

I-

Principal. Interest due at Mich. 1710, over and above the Provision made by Parliament. T0.TAI_

£ A £. s. d. , £ s. d.

634.973 3 1« 25,617 6 ll 66o>S9o 10 ii

18,605 — 4 697 13 9 19>30z 14 1

333.578 19 5 5,184 14 338,763 13 6f

987,157 3 8 31,499 14 11 1,018,656 17 9$

1

9 Ann.

12° Febru

493

Deficiencies.

_ x. tit

That, upon Examination of Mr. Clay ton, it appeared to the Committed, that there is unpaid, upon the Register, for an Act, passed 9® for laying

a Duty on Coals and Culm,; and the Poll Act, passed the same Year - - 9,000 — - — 1

For Interest thereof, computed to the 18th 1710 - - 1,440 ----- J

That there is unpaid, upon the Register, for an Act i® Anna, continuing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, the Sum of 1,415 4 — 1

For Interest thereof, computed to 15 Jan. 1710 ----- 162 17

itJ,440 — —

*5*5 1 "

'" . i )«

Public Debts.

The general State, to Michaelmas, 1710.

The Debt of the Navy, and for Services performed by them on Account of Land Forces, exclusive of the Register Office ——

The Debt of the Office of Ordnance -

The Debt of the Transport Office ——

On Army and Transport Debentures for the late War

On deficient Tallies, Principal and Interest to the the Time before-mentioned

Total - - - £.

.12,025 1 —

5,'3°>S39 5 S *54,324 *5 8 424.791 5 4!

1,018,656 17 9f 12,025 1

6,740,33^ 5 2i

The Committee endeavoured to have stated the Debt to , 1710, but were informed by the Commissioners of the Navy, Sick and Wounded, and Ordnance, that they could not in any reasonable Time make up that Account on the Head of Seamens Wages, Sick and Wounded, or the Ordnance but they gave the Committee the following Estimate of the Increase of the Debt, on the following Heads, between Michaelmas and 31st , 1710.

£. s.

OntheHeadofWcarandTear, Bills numbered in Course, increased between Michaelmas and Christmas, Principal and Interest ----- 108,671 3 —

Deduct on that Head, for what the Debt for Yards and Rope-yards is less -

at Christmas, than Michaelmas - -- -- - 11,951-

Remains Increase on this Head

Bills numbered in Course, for Victualing, arc increased in that Time, Principal and Interest The Commissioners of Transports acquainted the Committee, that the Bills made out in that Time for Transport Service, and Intcrell, amount to -

Interest in that Time on Army and Transport Debentures of the late War -

£. s. d. 96,720 3 — 228,275 12 5

41,524 1 —

*2>339 9 3*

378,859 5 8i

That, uponExaminationofMr. Tilfon, the Committee found, that her Majesty had been pleased to give of herCivil Lift in Aid of publick Services, voted, 01 addressed for, by Parliament in the

First Year of her Reign - -- - 100,000 -

By Timber delivered to the Use of the Navy for Anno 1705, 1706, 1707, 1708, 1709, and

*7*0..... - , - - ‘ 37,700 17 5

Memorandum: Mr. Tilfon values this Timber at a greater Price, than Mr. the

Surveyor of the Woods, doth.

That her Majesty hath been pleased to give more to the above Services since the First Year of her Accession to the Crown - -- 7,052 13

£ *44*753 *° H

That her Majesty was also pleased to contribute out of herCivil Lift£. 32,679. 11 x. to aid the Deficiency of the Fund for Annuities Anno 1707; but there being a Ctause in an Act, passed last Session of Parliament, that the Sums so supplied in Aid, shall be made good again, the Committee find by that Clause, the above Sum is given back to her Majesty, but cannot find, it was ever asked from the Throne, or voted in a Committee of Supply.

That the Committee also found by an Account, delivered by Mr. Tilfon, that the Remains in the Exchequer at Michaelmas, 1702, and what bad been paid -into the Exchequer between Mick, 1702, and,

1710, out of Surplusage, or unappropriated Money, amounted to £.525,460. 13/. of which Sum

£. 8,235. iox. 1 £ d. remained in Cash at last but in that Account the Committee find very considerable Sums paid to Services, neither voted, addressed for, norenacted, by Parliament.

That there are several Sums paid to Lord Ranelagh, since he was discharged from the Office of Paymaster, though there are in his Hands great Sums of the publick Money, not accounted /or: There is Money paid for Re-

Vol. 1&

wards to several Persons, for Charity Money, to pay Debts of King Charles the 2d, for repairing the Guard House at Whitehall, and for several other Services, not voted by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply; ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Order being read, for the House to relblve itself Ways into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther "d Maan*. of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instructton to the said Committee, that they do take into Consideration the Duties upon Glass Wares, exported, and imported, and regulate the same (b, as that Manufacture may be encouraged, for the Benefit of Great Britain.;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

61 Mr.

Committf* of Privileges.

Leave of Absence.

Importing

French

Winer

Prevention of Gaming.

Abuses in paying ihe Guard*.

A Person committed # for Pievari-cation.

Mr. Speaker left thp Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.. ’

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the Hou*e, that the Com- ' mittee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refclve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grapted to her Majesty. - -

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections (which was to have late this Afternoon)- be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned tillTo-mfirrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 130 die Februarii;

Anno 9* Ann® Reginae, 1710.

Prayers.

0RDERED, That Sir Arthur Owen have Leave

to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Robert Ddvers presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to repeal the Act, of the 3d and 4th Year of her Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with so far as it

relates to the prohibiting the Importation ines:

and the fime was received; and read the F.rft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sir Cha.

Mr. Bertie, be added to the Committee, to whom the

Bill to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming, is committed.

A Petition of William B Richard Vincent, Captain John Biddle, Tho.Burgefe, Nathaniel Wiggins Jacob Pullen, Wm. Simpson, John Jeat, Charles Lillie, and John Duck, Burgefi'es, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of other Tradesmen and Dealers, Inhabitants of the Liberty aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; fitting forth, that several Persons, of good Credit and Reputation, who carry on Trades, have taken up a Way of entering and lifting themselves in her Majesty’s Guards, and other Regiments, to lkreen and protect them from their Creditors, although such Persons do not wear the regimental Cloathes, and never, or seldom, do Duty; by which means honest Tradesmen are deceived, and drawn in to give th m Credit, to their Ruin: And praying, that the same maybe considered, and the Petitioners heard by Counsel, so as they may be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, appointed to enquire into fa'fe Musters, and other Abuses in the Payment of her Majesty’s Guards, and also Abuses committed in relation to Chelsea Hospital.

Sir Roger Mojlyn reported from the said Committee, that they had directed him to acquaint the House, that

Thomas Morphey, Marshal of the Guards, being summoned to attend the Committee, had, upon his Examination before them, in Contempt of the said Committee, very much prevaricated with them, and would not give; direct Answers to such Questions, as were required by the . Committee.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Morphey be, for his said Contempt, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at , Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That-the Serjeant at Arms do bring the said Thomas Morphey to the said Committee, when, and as often as, he shall be required by the Committee so to do.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House (puffuant to their,

Addrefi to he1 Majesty) An Account of all such publick Funds, granted by Parliament, that are now subsisting, what Incumbrances are upon them, and for what Time the same were granted.

And the Title thereof, was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, lo be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The H ule (according to Order) proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Shire of Dsutt' frieze.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petition, relating to the said Election, was read.

And the Counsel foj the Petitioner calling a Witness, to be examined to particular Matters, precedent to the Election; and the Counsel for the fitting Member objecting against such Examination, there being no Objection made at the Time of the Election, relating to those Matters:

Touching which, the Act of Parliament, of the 17th of September,- 1681, Cap. 2 s, and the Minutes of the

Election, were read; and the Counsel were heard.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question bping put, That the Petitioner be at Liberty to call a Witness as to Matters preceding the EJeftion, which were in general objected to at the Election;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded to the disqualifying several of the Voters for the fitting Member; and objected particularly against Ten of them, who claimed after the Teste of the Writ, as Iplit Votes under One Charter, made precedent.

Touching which the Counsel on both Sides were heard, and then withdrew.

And the Minutes of the Election were read, and also the Statute of Scotland, in the Year 1693.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That John Wilson, Robert Lauder, John Martin, Alexander Megoun, Geo. Lauder, James Gordon, Wm. Euart, Wm. Carruthers, Tho. Minizes, and Mongo -Jloun, had a Right to vote in the Election of a Commissioner for the Shire of Dumfrtize;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Petitioner’s Counsel objected against Six other Voters for the fitting Member, for that the Conveyances or Charters to them were made redeemable, upon the Payment of a Role Noble; One of which Charters were read.

Touching which Matters the Counsel on both Sides were heard, and then withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Homer Maxwell, James Robert

Greirfon, Lancelot Greirfon, Grace, and James

Broun,

Public

Funds*

Dumfries* r Eltdiom

Broun, who were enfeoft of Estates, redeemable upon the paying a Rose Noble, had a Right to vote in the Election of a Commissioner for the Shire It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the Shire of Dumfreixe be farther adjourned until ThursdayMorning next.

Wigtown Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election

fcltcuou. for the Shire of Wigtown be farther adjourned until ThursdaySeven-night.

Corkmaomh Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the E left ion LUttiuu. for the Borough of Cockermouth be-adjourned until Saturday Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 14.0 Februarii;

Anno 9* Anne Regina;, 1710*

Universities: And they have Power to lend for Persons,

Papers, and Records; and are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they do esquire, what Moneys remain in the Hands of the Commissioners for building the Ca* thedral Church of St. Paul's-, and that they do consider, what the Produce of the Duties in being, appropriated for that Purpose, may amount to for the time to come, and make an Estimate, what will be necessary for finishing, and adorning, the said Church, and other the Purposes in the Acts mentioned, for building the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider, what Churches are want* ing within the Cities of London and , and

Suburbs thereof, and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who' Palatine*, were appointed to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines 'came over, and what Moneys

were expended in bringing them into Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid, be received. upon Tuesday Morning next.

Prayers;

Bribery at fI ' H E Orders of the Day being read;

Elc&ona. X Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Tuesday

Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery, and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-ftf Privileges. tions be discharged from hearing any nuue Cniles this Session, touching Elections, than the Four next Elections, besides the Election for the County of Sotthumvertaud.

Greenwich APefjtion of the Minister, Churchwarden*, and fiveral

Church. other Inhabitants of Gr in the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and others, poor Panilnoners there, was presented to the House. and read; letting

forth, that the Roof of their Parish Church fell down in the Night of the 28th of November lull, which has so battered the Wal's of the Church, that in the Opinion of Ikiltul Workmen it’s incapable of Repair, and niuft be rebuilt, the Charge of which wili amount toab >ve£ 6,000, which the Parishioners arc unable to raiie, Nine Parts in Ten, on whom this Burden lies, being Seamen, Watermen, or Fiiliermen, with numerous Families: That this Misfortune came not through any Neglect of Repairs (several hundred Pounds having in a few Years been laid out therein) but by a hidden Defect in the inner Part of One of the main Pillars, which fell at once: That the Petitioners have, for 40 Years part, contributed to the building St. Paul's, and other Churches, by a Duty on Coals; and, as St. Paul's is near fimshed, and the Duties granted, probably may produce more, than enough for that Service, the Petitioners pray, that the Sum of

£.6,coo, or such other Sum, as the House shall think fir, may be assigned for rebuilding the said Church of Greenwich.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Chom/ey Daring, Sir Robert A far/?,'am, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Anneflev, Mr. Shakerly, Sir bra. Child, Mr. Cage, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Black-mere, Lord Down, Sir Rich. Hoar, Mr. Lowther. Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Gilbert Do/ben, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Lamb ton, Mr. Mr. Price, Mr. IVaid,

Mr. IVykes, Mr. Lloyd, Sir fVytbers, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Campion, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gale, Mr. Finch, Mr. Crosse, Colonel Cafs, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bellafs, Mr. Manley, Mr. and all, that serve for the Counties of Kent and Middlesex, and the Vow. 16.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Ways Committtee of the whole House, who were to consider ^eans* farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table j where they were read, and arc as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, her Majesty’s Revenues, both inland and foreign, to arise in the general Letter Office, or Pod Office, or the Office of Postmaster General, be increased.

RcfAved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Increase be made, by adding One Peny to the present Rate of Two-pence for every single Letter, carried within Eighty English Miles Distance from London, and by adding proportionable Rates for double and treble Letters and Packets, carried the same Distance.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Increase be also made, by adding One Peny, to the present Rate of Threc-pence for every single Letter carried in England above Eighty such Miles from London, or to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and by adding proportionable Rates for double and treble Litters and Packets, so carried.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Increase be likewise made, by adding One Peny to the present Rates of Three Pence, and Two Pence, payable for Letters passing between London and Edenburgh, or between London and or Cock-

burn-speth, and by adding proportionable Rates for double and treble Letters and Packets, so carried.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Increase be made, by establishing a Rate of 4 d.(\nlieu of the present Rates) for every single Letter, carried any Length in Scotland, being above 80 Miles Distance from Edinburgh, and by settling proportionable Rates for double and treble Letters and Packets, so carried; and that the present Rates for carrying Letters in Scotland to and from Edinburgh, within 80 Miles Distance thereof, be continued, as they are now.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the present Rates for carrying of Letters and Packets, in respect to Ireland, be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Revenue be increased, by settling a Rate of One Peny for every Letter, or Packet, directed on board, or brought from, any Ship or Vessel, riding, or Hopping, in any of her Majesty’s Harbours, or Ports.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Letters and Packets passing or repassing by the Carriage jfually called the Peny Post, within Eight

English

Ways and Means.

496 14 Februurii.& 17 tx>.

English Miles from London, do pay after the Rate of Three Half-pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, conveyed or re-conveyed in the cross Roads, and all By or Way Letters and Packets, do pay the same Rates, in Proportion to the Oistances of the Places, to which they shall be directed, ifrom the Places, at which they shall be put in, as Letters and Packets, conveyed and re-conveyed on the several great Roads, are rated to pay.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, coming from any Part of France to London (in lieu of the present Rates) do pay I od. for every single Letter, is. for every double Letter, is. 6 d.for every treble Letter, and 35. 4 for every Ounce.

Resolved, Thiit it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, passing from London, through France, to any Part of Spain, or Portugal (Port-paid to Bayone) and from Spain, and Portugal, through

Trance, to London, do pay is. 6 for every single Letter, 37. for every double Letter, 45. 6 d. for every treble Letter, and 6 s. for every Ounce.

Resolved, Thar it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, passing from London, through France, to any Part of Italy, or by the

Ivay of Lyons, or to any Part of , by the way of

Marcella, and from any of those Parts, through France to London (in lieu of the present Rates) do pay is. 3d. for every single Letter, 2 s. 6 dfor every double Letter, 3 s. <yd. for every treble Letter, and 3 s. for every Ou ce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a'l Letters and Packets, coming from any Part of 'the Spanish Netherlands unto London (in lieu of the present Rates) do pay 10 d.for every single Letter, n. 8 for every double Letter, is.6d. lor every treble Letter, and 3 s.4 d.for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters, and Packets, passing from London through the Spanish Netherlands, to any Part of Italy, or Sicily (Port-paid to Antxverpe) and from any Part of Italy, or Sicily, through the Spanish to London, (in

lieu of the present Rates) do pay 1 s. for every single Letter, is. for every double Letter, 3 s. for every treble Letter, and 4 s. for every Ounce.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ail Letters, and Packets, passing from London, through the Spanish Netherlands, to any Parts of Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Sweden, and all Parts of the 'North, and from any of those Parts, through the Spanish Netherlands, unto London (in lieu of the present Rates) do pay 1 s. for every single Letter, is. for every double Letter, 3s. for every treble Letter, and 4*. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, passing from London, through the Spanish Netherlands, to any Part of Spain, or Portugal, and from any Part of Spain, or Portugal, through the Spa ish Netherlands, unto London (in lieu of the present Rates) do pay is. 6d. for every single Letter, 3 s. for every double Letter, 45. 6 for every treble Letter, and 6s. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, coming from any Part of the United Provinces unto London (in lieu of the present Rates) do pay iod.for every single Letter, 1 for

every double Letter, 2 s.6 d.for every treble Letter, and 3 s. 4 d.for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters, and Packets, passing from,

through the United Provinces, for any Part of Italy, or Sicily, and from any Part of Italy, or Sicily, through the United Provinces, unto London (in lieu of the present Rates) do pay is. for every single Letter, is. for every double Letter, 3 s. for every treble Letter, and 4 s. for every Ounce.

Resolved, Thit it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, passing from London, through the United Provinces, to any Part of Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Sweden, and all Parts of the North, and from any of those Parts or Places, through the United Provinces, unto London (in lieu of the present Rates) do pay 1 s. for every single Letter, 2 s. for every double Letter, 3 s.for every treble Letter, and for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is (he Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters, and Packets, passing from London, through the United Provinces, unto any Part of Spain, or Portugal, and from any Part of Spain or Portugal, through the United Provinces, unto (ih lieu of the

present Rates) do pay u 6 for every single Letter, 3 s.for every double Letter, 4 for every treble

Letter, and 6'j. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and' Packets, passing from London, through the Spanish Netherlands, or the United to Hamburgh \Port-pud to Antwerpe, or Angler dam) and from Hamburgh, through the Spanish Netherlands, or the United Provinces, unto London (in lieu of the present Rates) do pay it )d.for every single Letter, 1 8 for

every double Letter, is. 6 for every.treble Letter, and 3J 4 d.for ex’ery Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, passing between London, Spain, ot Portugal, by Packet-boats, shall pay \s.6d. the single Letter, 3 s. the double Letter> 4 the

treble Letter, and 6 s. lor every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets from London to Barbadoes, Antegoa, MountferratNevis, and St. -phers, in Am-.rica, and from any of those Places to do pay the present Rates of is. 6 for every single Letter, 3s. for every double Letter, 4 6 for every

treble Letter, and 6s. for every Ounce.

Rtjolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets from London to New York, in North America, and thence to London, do pay the present Rates of 1 s. for every single Letter, is. for every double Letter, 3 J. for every treble Letter, and 4J. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That all Letters and Packets, from any Part of the West Indies to New York, do pay 4 d. for every single Letter, 8 d.for every double Letter, 11 d. for every treble Letter, and 1 s.4 d.for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, from New York to any Places within Sixty English Miles thereof, and thence back to New York, do pay for every single Letter, 8 d.for every double Letter, if. for every treble Letter, and if. 4</. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, from New York to Perth, Amboy, the chief Town in Raft New Jersey, and to Bridlington, the chief Town in West New Jersey, and from each of those Places back to New York, and from New York to any Place, not exceeding 100 English Miles, and from each of those Places to New York, do pay d. for every single Letter, is. for every double Letter, is. 6d. for every treble Letter, and is, for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, from Perth Amboy, and Bridlington, to any Place, not exceeding Sixty English Miles, and thence back again, do pay for every tingle Letter, id. for every double Letter, if. for every treble Letter, and if. 41 i.for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, from Perth Amboy, and Bridlington, to any Place, not exceeding 100 English Miles, and thence back again, do pay 6 d. for every single Letter, 1 Sb* for every double Letter, if. 6 d. for every treble Letter, and zs. for every Ounce.

Resolved,

9 Ann. 14® — 15® Februarii.

497

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, from Fork to New London, the Chief Office in Connecticute in New

and to Philadelphia, the chief Town in and from those Places back to Nexv ,do pay 9 for every Angle Letter, 18 d, for every double Letter, is. 3 for every treble Letter, and 3 s. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, from New and

Philadelphia, to any Place, not exceeding Sixty English Miles, and thence back again, do pay for every Angle Letter, 8 d.for every double Letter, is. for every treble Letter, and tr. 4 d.for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, from New London, and Philadelphia, to any Place, not exceeding 100 English Miles, and so back again, do pay 6 for every Angle Letter, is. for every double Letter, is. for every treble Letter, and 2 Sh. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, from New York aforesaid to Nexvport, the chief Town in Rhode (/land, and dence Plantation, in New E, and to the

chief Town in Massachusets Bay, in New England, aforesaid, and to Portsmouth, the chief Town in New Hamp-fltire, in New England, aforesaid, and to , the

chic! Town in Maryland, and from every of those Places to New Fork, do pay 1 Sh. for every Angle Letter, 2J. for every double Letter, 3*. for every treble Letter, and 4 s. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, from Newport, Boston, Portsmouth, and Annapolis, aforesaid, to any Place, not exceeding 60 English Miles, and thence back again, do pay 4 d.for evcijr Angle letter, 8 for every double Letter, 1 Sh. for every treble Letter, and is. ±i. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, from Newport, Boston,

Portsmouth, and Annapolis, aforesaid, to any Place, not exceeding 100 Enr':Jh Miles, and thence back again, do pay 6 d.for every nngie Letter, 1 Sh. for every double

Letter, is. 6d. for every treble Letter, and is. for every Ounce. 1

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Litt-rs a: d Packets, from New York aforesaid to the chief Offices in Salem and and to the chief

Office in Ptf at a. cay, and to the chief

Office in Virginia, and from every of those Places to New York, do pay is. 3 for every Angle Letter, is. 6 d.for every double Letter, and 3 9 for every

treble Lctur, and $s. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, from the chief Offices in Salem, Ipswich, Pfcataway, and Williamjhurgh, aforesaid, to any Place, not exceeding 60 Miles, and

thence back again, do pay for every Angle Letter,

8 d. for every double Letter, 1 s. lor every treble Letter, and 1 Sh. 4 d.for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all L-fters and Packets, from the said chief Offices in Salem, Ipswich, Pifcalaivay, and aforesaid, to any Place, not exceeding too Miles, and

thence back again, do pay (id. for every Angle Letter, u. for every double Letter, 1 6 for every treble

Letter, and is. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is tiic Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packet, from New Foik aforesaid to Charles Town, the chief Town in North and South Carolina, and from Charles Toxin aforesaid to Nexv York, do pay 18 d.for every Angle Letter, 3 a. for every double

Letter, 4 a. 6 d.lor every treble Letter, and 6 a. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters and Packets, from Charles Town aforesaid to any Place, not exceeding 60 English Miles, and thence back again, do pay 4 d. for every Angle Letter,

Vol. 10.

8 d. for every double Letter, 1 a. for every treble Letter, Way* and 1 a. 4 d.for every Ounce. Means.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Letters and Packets, from Charles Town afore-, said to any Place, not exceeding 100 English Miles, and thence back again, do pay 6 d.for every Angle Letter,

1 a. for every double Letter, 1 8 d.for every treble Letter, and a a. for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Letters and Packets, to be conveyed by the Poll to or from Donachadee, or some other convenient Port in Ireland, to Port Patrick, or some other convenient Port in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, over and above the Inland Rates aforesaid, do pay 2 d. for every Angle Letter, 4 d.for every double Letter, 6 for every treble Letter, and 8 d.for every Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Potlmatler General, and his Deputies, do take the tame Rates for furnithmgHorfesand Furniture to Persons riding Post, according to the former Act; but if he, or they, will furnish any Person to ride Post without Guide and Horn, he, and Ins Deputies, may in that Cafe, take 4 d. per Mile, in lieu of the present Rates of -gd. for each Hor fe per Mile; and if the Porter will ride with a

Guide, then such Guide to have 6 d. for the whole Stage he rides, instead of 4 d.allowed by the former Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the former Acts, made in England and Scotland, relating to the Pult Office be repealed; and that, in lieu thereof One general Ad be made, for establishing a general Post Office in Great Britain, and other her Majesty’s Dominions, and for foreign Parts.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Tho. Powis, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Lowndes, and Sir Thomas Frankland, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to conAder farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cotiyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to At again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conAder farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committees, tions, and all other Committees, which were to fit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, i 50 die Februarii;

Anno 9' Anna* Regina*, 1710.

P A X ER S.

(JRDERED, That Sir Edward Seym have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for a Month, upon excraor- A enct-dinary Occassions.

6K A Petition

Petersfield

toPortsmouth

Roads.

Royston

Roads.

Importing Wool Cards,

Leave of Absence.

Wigtown

Election,

Supply Bill; reviving certain Duties.

Weston’s

Estate.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in and near the Borough of in the County of Southampton, on behalf of themselves, and several others in and near the said Borough, was pretented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Highway, ltading from Petersfield to the Town of , about

Two Miles in Length (by reason of the Multitude of Carriages for her Majesty’s Service, and other Carriages, travelling through that Road) is almost impalfable for at lead Nine Months in every Year: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Highways from Petersfield to the Town of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Stephens, and Mr. Bilson, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Page presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill few repairing and amending the Highways, leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Water Newton, in the County of Huntington-, and the tame was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty, Clothiers, Card Makers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, and to prevent the Abuses in making the tame with old Card Wire: That if it should pats, it will be very prejudicial to the greatest Part of the Woollen Manufactures, for that the new Drapery, and all Lambs Wool, is bell wrought in Cards, made of old Wire: And praying the House to take the same into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr, Meyrick have Leave to go into the Country, his Father being dangerously ill.

The House being informed, that Sir James Agnew, the Sheriff of the Shire of Wigtown, hath long attended; that he lives at a very great Distance; that he hath fullered ih his Affairs, by his Absence so long from his Family; and the hearing of the Merits of the Election for the said Shire being not like soon to come on.

Ordered, That the said Sir James Agnew be discharged of his farther Attendance.

Mr. Congers presented to the House (according to Order) a BiH for reviving, continuing, and appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Water-borne, and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for Thirty-two Years, to raise £. 1,500,000 by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711; and the Bill Was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John IVefion, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, being an Accomptant, and indebted to her Majesty in great Sums of Money, hath (in order to discharge the iame) agreed for the Sale of his Estate in the County of Snny, and that (after prior Incumbrances) the Residue shall be paid, to discharge so much of the Petitioner’s feid Debt; but that it will be necessary, an Act of Parliament should pass, to confirm the said Sale, and exonerate the said Lands from the Debt due to her Majesty: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for confirming the Sale of his Estate in the said County of Surrey, and discharge-ing it from the Demands of the Crown.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accord'ng to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Conyers and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Conyers (according to order) reported from the Committee of the wholC House, who were to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; vi.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Service of the War in Spain and Portugal, for the Year 1711.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time.

' Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding one Million, Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the Service of the War in Spain and Portugal, for the Year 1711.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, the Port of Rye, and Borough of Steyning, in the County of SuJJeXi be received upon Saturday Morning next.

AComplaint being made to the House, that Mr. Henry Raine (a Witness examined before the Committee, appointed to enquire into the Abuses of the Victualing) had fence that Time been threatened, and discouraged by the Commissioners of Transports; and that he attended at the Door; he was called in, and examined touching the fame.

And he delivered in a Letter, sent to him by Mr. P. Cranke, Secretary to the Commissioners of Transports:

And being withdrawn;

The laid Letter was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Raine,

Sir,

I am directed by the Commissioners, for transportiqg her Majesty’s Forces, to give you Notice, not to proceed to the brewing any Beer lor that Service. I am Transport Office, Your humble Servant,

February 7 th, 17-P^.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Transports, and Mr. Crank, their Secretary, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, and that they do bring with them their Minute Book, and the Cohtraft, lately made with the said Mr. Raine for his brewing Beer for the Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Rain do attend this House agaia Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Thomas MorpheyNltt\h&\ of her Majesty’s Foot Guards) in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that he is very sorry for having given any Displeasure to the Committee, appointed to enquire into false Musters; which was done by him through Ignorance; for which he begs Pardon: And praying to be discharged out of Custody, without paying Fees.

Ordered, That the said Thom be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in Order to his being discharged out of Custody.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of this House be adjourned until this Day Fortnight; and that such Members of this House, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeanfat Arms attending this House.

The House proceeded to take intp Consideration the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Abuses of the Victualing.

And the Report was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committe, in Order to t’ifcover the Abuses, and Fraud's, committed at her Majesty’s Brewhoul'e, called the Hartjhorne Brewhouse, and likewise those committed by the contracting Brewers, examined.

Supply.

Honiton, Sec. Elation.

Abuses in Vnftualing Department

Privilege. —

a Person in custody pc* titions for djlchaxge.

Call of the House.

Abuse* in Victualing

Department.

9 Ann. 15° Februarii.

499

Ifaae Howard, a Waterman; who said, that he was employed by Mr. Cheney 2nd Mr. Two Surveyors

of the Excise, some Days in lad, to observe,

whether any Beer from the Hartjkorne Brewhouse was put on board Colliers, or Merchant Ships, or landed fraudulently in other Places:

That, during the Time he was thus employed, he saw 153 Barrels carried in several Parcels from the Hartjhorn Brewhouse to Colliers, Merchant Ships, and other Places, some of which were carried by , a Waterman bc-Jonging to the Victualing Office, the rest by other Watermen.

Samuel Hill, a Waterman, said, he was employed in the same manner, as Mr. Howard; and saw 42 Barrels carried at several Times from the Queen’s Brewhouse to Merchant Ships, and Colliers.

It was pretended, that the Beer, thus disposed of, was only prtly Warrant Beer; but upon comparing the Information with the Acount of the Issues from the horn Brewhouse, it appeared to the Committee to be Sea Beer, anti not petty Warrant Beer.

Mr. John Smith, Brewer, said, that he has often had Beer from the Queen’s Brewhouse, by the means of one Moxley, a Servant there, at the Rate of a Ton.

That he always agreed for the best Calks, and has had the Liberty to chuse them himself, as they have lain upon the Key:

That heneverpaid for bringing any Beer from the Brewhouse; and knows, a great many Colliers were supplied with Beer from thence; and they have told him, they could have it much cheaper there, than of other Brewers.

He farther said, that heufed to return old Calks, good for little, which he bought for for. per Ton, in lieu of the Queen’s Calks:

That he fold the Queen’s Calks, without Beer, for 28 s.and sometimes for 40/. Ton; so that he had in one same a Ton of Beer for which cost the Queen £.3. for. and in the other same he had a Ton of Beer clear, and 8 s. Profit besides.

Mr. Nutt, a Brewer, said, that he has had several Quantities of Beer from the Hartfhorne Brewhouse, for 22 s.per Ton; and that he has fold it again to the Queen, for Store Beer, for 48 j. per Ton, he being a contracting Brewer: That several Tons of Calks have been offered to be sold at the Queen’s Brewhouse; and that telling Mr, Horfmgton(Clerk of the Brrwhouse) that he had bought 14 T ons of Beer of a Purler, he said, that it was a very common thing for Pursers to fell the Queen’s Beer. He said farther, that Mr. Gregory Page was his Partner, and had his proportionable Share, in Profit and Loss, of all Beer, that was bought in, or fold out.

Mr. Curtis, a Brewer, said, that he has lent Merchant Ships Calks to the Heartjhorn Brewhouse, to be filled with the Queen’s Beer, and then sent the same on board his Customer’s Ships; for which Beer he paid 24.1. per Ton, and fold it again for 48a. per Ton.

IVm. Hcrjington, Under Clerk to the Heartjhorn Brewhouse, being asked, when the Accounts of the Brewhouse were made up, said, that they were never made up in his Time; and that he had belonged to that Brewhouse, about Six Years.

He having further informed the Committee, that great Quantities of Beer, brewed at the Heartjhorn Brewhouse, had been Rung into the Thames, being not fit to be drank; and the Committee finding, by the 3d Article of the Instructions to the Commissioners for Victualing, that they were to take care (among other Things) that every Guile of 20 Tons of Iron-bound Beer should be brewed with 20 Quarters of very good Malt, as good, as generally is to be had at the Place, where the said Beer is brewed, and a sufficient Quantity of very good Hops, to keep for the Time of its Warranty, and 18 Quarters of the like Malt, with the like Quantity of the like Sort of Hops, to every Guile of Wood-bound Beer;

The Committee examined into the Quality of the Malt and Hops, that had been used at the Hartjhorn Brewhouse.

Vol, 16.

Wm. Warren, the Mailer Miller, said, that some time ago he acquainted the Commissioners of Victualing, that great Quantities of Malt were delivered by the Contractors, and taken into the Stores, not fit for her Ma-jeRy’s Service; and shewed them Samples of the said Malt: And it appeared to the Committee, from the Minutes, produced by the Commissioners, that nothing more was done upon this Complaint, than only cautioning Mr. James, Mr. Horjington, and Mr. Overing (who are the Surveyors of the Malt, and the Persons complained against) to take care, that the Malt received be in all respects good, and fit for the Service, and answerable to the Sample.

Jones, the Miller’s Mate, laid, there had been great Quantities of Malt used, not fit for her Majesty’s

Service.

Mr. Overing, the Matter Brewer, laid that no Contractor, for Malt, or Hops, could have their Bills of Payment, without Certificates from the Matter Brewer, Clerk of the Cheque, and Clerk of the Brewhouse, of the Quality, as well as Quantity, of such Malt, and Hops: That he had often refused to sign the Certificates, and complained to the Commissioners, that the Malt, and Hops, were neither answerable to the Sample, nor fit for Ufc; but, upon the C intractors applying to the Commissioners, the Commissioners have been willing, such Malt, and Hops, should be made use of; and then he has signed the Certificates:

That he persisted, for Three Months together, in refusing to sign a Certificate for 14 Bags of Hops, delivered lait Summer from one John of; but atlaft

was sent for by the Commissioners, and ordered by them to sign the Certificate in their Presence, notwithstanding he then told them, as he had before, that the Hops were the worst, that he ever law in his Life, and not fit for any Use.

Mr. Colehy (one of the Commissioners) denied, that the Commissioners ordered Overing to sign the Certificate; but owned all the other Parts of the Information to be true, and acknowleged, that he did sign that Certificate in their Presence.

Mr. Reynolds (another Commissioner) owned, that Overing had often made Complaint to the Board, of the Malt and Hops not being good; but thac the Clerks of the Cheque and Brewhouse never had made any Complaint.

Mr. Overing said further, that some Years ago he was a contracting Brewer; and that, by the Commissioners Order, he one Year brewed 300 Tons of Beer in the hot Months of July and August, but refilled to warrant it, because Beer, brewed in those Months, will seldom keep:

A great Part of this Beer (as he feared it would) did prove bad; upon which the Commissioners llopt near £.400 of his Money; which" he thought a very great Injustice, and often represented the Hardship of his same to them, but Hill without Relief: He then petitioned the Lord High Treasurer, who ordered the Commissioners to certify to him a true State of the Petitioner’s Cafe; but when he could not obtain that from them, after Two Years Solicitation, he resolved to petition the House of Commons, and put a Petition into a Member’s Hand, complaining of this hard Usage, and offered to discover several Abuses, committed in the Victualing Office; upon which a Letter was sent to him, signed by every one of the Commissioners (which Letter he produced to the Committee) desiring him to come to them the next Morning; and he accordingly went, and they immediately paid him the Money; and Mr. Croger, the Matter Brewer, being soon after turned out for Misdemeanors, he was put into his Place.

Mr. Colehy owned, Overing was paid the Money, without making any Report to the Lord Treasurer.

Mr. Ambrose Page, a contracting Brewer, said, that about the 6th June last a Purler came to him with an Order for 40 Ton of Beer, but took but 15 Tons; the rest he paid a Composition for, at the Rate of 30 per Ton: Then the Purser gave him a Receipt for the wljolc 40 Tons of Beer being delivered on board:

That

Abuses in Victualing Department.

U.

150 Februarii.

A. 1710.

Abuses in That he has several times dealt in this manner; and

Victualing often returns old Calks, good for nothing, in lieu of the Department. Queen’s

new Calks, delivered so him upon his Contrafts: That he is paid freight for the Beer he buys of the Pursers, as well as what is really sent on ship-board: That the Mr. Brewer of the Hartjhome always certifies for the Quality, and the Clerk for the Quantity, of Beerdeli-

He farther said, that he had great Quantities of the Queens Calks, which were delivered to him upon Contracts; and that he has converted several to his own Use, having first altered the Bungs, and thule Staves, that had the Queen’s Mark.

Mr. Hor/tngten said, he only borrowed the £. 6 of Mr.

Stibbs; but owned, that he did give him a Certificate for

vered; which they generally do, without coming to his the 25 Tons of Beer, though he told him at the fame

Brewhouse.

Mr. Graham (who manages for Mr. Walraven and Mr. Coppleston) laid, that in June last he contracted for 200 Tons of Beer, at 57 s.per Ton: That he delivered but 163 Tons, and has the remaining 37 Tons of Calks now in his Mailers Brewhouse.

time, that he had not delivered that Beer.

Mr. Bridgar, a Cooper, said, he knew, that great Quantities of the Queen's Calks were embezzled; and that within this Week he law Ten Tons of the Queen’s Calk at Sir Cha. Coxe's, of Southwark.

The Committee examined, how the contracting Brewers

That in July last the Purser of the Poole Ship would of the Out-Ports had performed their Contrafts: And it have bad him paid him 30 s. person for the Remainder appeared to the Committee, from an Account, delivered of his Contraft, and he would undertake to get him Bills in by the Commissioners for Victualing, that Mr. , for the Whole; but he having acquainted his Matters and Mr. Dixon, of had Bills made out for

therewith, they refused the Offer; upon which he was 8,21 7 Tons of Beer, pretended to be delivered for the last discharged from brewing the remainder of the Beer con- Year’s Service: It appeared from the Excite Vouchers, traded for: He farther laid, that he has often desired the they had brewed in that Time no more than 4,482 Tons; Commissioners to order the remaining Calks to be sent for, lo that they had Bills for 3,735 Tons more, than was which they always promised should be done, but they really delivered.

have never yet been sent for: That his Mailers have loft Mr. Ridge said, that he contracted, in Partnership with the i’erving several private Ships, because they could be Mr. Dixon, for 2,704 Tons: That he did not know how served cheaper at the Hartjhorn Brewhouse. that Beer was disposed of, the Account being kept by Mr.

Mr. Ebenezer fVildiaid, that he has bought the Queen’s Dixon-, but acknowledged, that 5,513 Tons was on his own

Beer of Bray, the Waterman, and of Pursers of Ships, for particular Account; and that he had delivered but 3,113 zos. per Ton, and has fold the same Beer again to the Tons; the remaining 2,300 Tons be paid a Composition Queen for 57 s.and 58 s.per Ton. for to Pursers, at the Rate of 30/. per Ton: That he had

Mr. Henry Raine laid, that in May and June last he 56 j. p:r Ton of the Queen for that Beer, in which was contracted with the Commissioners for Victualing, for included Ton, for Charge of shipping; and had

180 Tons of Beer, at 57 s.and 58*. per Ton: That he likewise allowed him per Ton, for making and trim-

delivered but 70 Tons of Beer, and compounded with Pursers of Ships for the Remainder, at 281. and 30J. per Ton; viz.

Mr. Lowtcb, Purser of the Royal Ann Galley, for - -

Pursers of the Swift Ju

of the Sea-fire -

of the Edgar -Of Mr. Read, Purser of the Swallow -of the Mary Transport -

a

o

E-i

20

‘5

21

3°

*3

8

ming Calks for the whole 8,217 Tons, he being the Queen’s Cooper at Portsmouth.

The Committee computed the Loss to the Queen in the 2,300 Tons of Beer, which Mr. Ridge owned, was not delivered; and is as followeth:

3

1

ctJ

o

25

7

6

2.300 Tons of Beer, at 56J. per Ton Cooperage, 4 s. per Ton -

2.300 Tons of Calk, besides Cooperage, cost -

£ s- d.

6,440 -

460 ---

- 4,700 -

1 IO ---

That he has generally returned his own Calks, that

Which Calks, for ought appeared to the Committee, might be funk, as well as the Beer.

The Committee computed, in the same manner, the Loss to the Queen in the

were old, and useless, and among them several S 1,435 Tons of Beer, undelivered of Mr.

n /I r r M 1 1A V V A C t 1 m A M ^1 A m 1-. avt A 7) M A A 4- MCI f r-% A I IV. I I t

Calks, in lieu of the Queen’s new Calks; which were received by one Mr. Vincent at the Wharf, without any Objection.

That once he returned some new Calks, that had never been wetted; which though observed by the Cooper, no farther notice was taken of it: That he has made use of the Queen’s Calks in his own Trade, having first altered the Bungs, and those Staves, that have the Queen’s Mark.

That the Mailer Brewer and Clerk, have certified the Quality, and Quantity, of his Beer, without any Inspection: That he ought to draw but Six Barrels, Three Firkins, from a Quarter of Malt; but that he, and other Brewers, did draw Ten Barrels, and put Wormwood into the Liquor instead of Hops.

Mr. Stibbs, Brewer, said, that meeting one Day with Mr. Horjington, Under Clerk to the Hartjhorne Brewhouse, the said Horftngton asked him, what Quantity of Beer he had delivered on his last Contraft: He told him the Quantity: Horjington replied, He was a Fool, and did not understand his own Business; he had delivered 25 Tons more, than was mentioned; and gave a him a Certificate for the said 25 Tons, telling him, that he mull pay the Purser for it: He accordingly then paid Horjington

f.6. in Part for the said 25 Ton; but that Yesterday

Ridge's Contraft, in Partnership with Mr. Dixon-, viz.

1.435 Tons of Beer - -

Cooperage -

1.435 Tons of Calks, besides Cooperage

4,018 — —

287 — —

2,941 15 —

Loss in the Whole, if the Calks are funk ----- 13,846 15 —

Mr. Ridge said, in Justification of himself, that he must have been a great Lofcr by his Contraft, had it not been for compounding in this manner with the Pursers: That it was a very common Practice; and that he had a Regard to the Advantage he might have by it, when he made the last Contraft, otherwise could not have contracted at the Price he did.

Mr. Coleby said, the Commissioners for Victualing allow of no such Practice: That the Terms of the Contraft was first proposed by Mr. Ridge, Mr. Dixon, and Mr. Player: And produced a Letter, signed by those Three, dated 16th Sept. 1709; which is as follows:

Honoured Sirs,

MR. Wilkins having acquainted us, that he received your Directions to signify your Desire of treating with Horjington cafne to him, and brought him the £.6, beg- us for the brewing of Beer another Year, for her Majesty’s ging, he would say nothing of it to the Committee. Service, from Michaelmas next;

15 We

9 AnN.

15" Februarii.

di

Wc have accordingly considered of if, and arc willing mainder he paid a Composition for to the Pursers. at the to furnish you, as usual, for the intire Demand of the Rate of 30/. Ton, but had Bills made out for the Port; we. Sea Beer at 56 s. per Ton, and for Harbour Whole 883 Ions.

Beer 46/. per Ton, clear of all Charges on board. We 't' '

have put both at the lowest Rates we can afford to brew for; and when your Honours have considered the Price of Grain, 13c. and the great Discount there is upon our

Bills, you will not think it too much.

The Committee computed the Loss to the Queen in the 757 Tons not delivered of Mr. s Con-

trad:

Mr. Wilkins(aid, that he had been Agent Vidualer at

Portsmcutb about Six Years: That he had nolnftrudions from the Commissioners for Vidualing, till 18 Months after he was lent down thither t That he certifies for the Quantity, and Quaiitv, of all beer shipped there, though he does not fee it, it being impossible for him to inspect it, from the Multiplicity of Business: That he never exa-

757 Tons of Beer, at 50 s.person -757 Tons of Calks, at 45 per Ton, cost....

1.892

s.

10

d

»7°3 5 —

Loss in the Whole, if the Calks are funk, is - - 3,595 15 —

Mr. Kelley, Brewer at Deal, said, that he contracted the last Year to brew 1,424 Tons of Beer, at 50 per Ton: . - . ,. - , That he delivered but 202 Tonsj the Remanider he paid

mines any Account Mr. Ridge brings him, any farther, a Composition for to Pursers, at the Rate of 30 r. and 31/. than to lee, the Figures are cart up right; and that there Ton> but had BiJ]s made out for the whoIc 1>424

is no Check, to prevent Mr. Ridgefrom embezzling the Tons. and that he was a|lowed at. 6 d. per Ton for Queen s Hoops Staves or Calks, if he should be inclined trimming of Calks, 2 r. per Ton for Charge of shipping, to embezzle them: That Mr. Ridge s Brother is the and Ton for bringing empty Cades alhore.

Officer, that gauges the Calks zt Portsmouth. He further said> that Captain the Agent

It appeared to the Committee, from the Accounts, de* Victualer at Dover, via privy to these Compositions, *erCn/'n Commissioners for Vidualing, that and f,ad bccrt p0 for Three or Four Years} and that he

Mr. Player had B. ls made out for 7,734 Tons of Beer, had sometimes 3 sometimes 45. per Ton, according as pretended to be delivered for the last Year s Service. the Difoount was upon the Vidualing Bills, for hirnfel£ It appeared by the Exc.fe Vouchers, that he had and his Clerk had «~ for every Ton of Beer, thus com*

brewed in that Time no more than 4,164 Tons j so that he had Bills for 3,560 Tons more, than was really delivered.

The Committee computed the Loss to the Queen in the 3.560 Tons of Beer undelivered of Mr. Player’s Contiad:

s. d

5.560 Tons of Beer, at 561. per Ton - 9,96! — —

Cooperage, 45. per Ton - - - 712 — —

3.560 Tons of Calk, besides Cooperage,

cost ..... 7.298 — —

Loss of the Whole, if the Calks are funk, is -

17,973 -

pounded for} and that the said Captain Whitehall dispensed with his swearing to the Delivery of the Beer, as he used formerly to do.

Captain Whitehall denied the whole Accusation} an4 said, that Kelly had made Affidavits before him of thi Delivery of the whole 1,424 Tons, he having Power from the Court of Exchequer to administer an Oath 1 Which Affidavits were produced by the Commissioners for Vidualing. and they appeared to the Committee to be signed by Kelley.

Kerby laid, he had heard Kelley swear before Captain Whitehall to the Quality of the Beer, but could not fsy, he had to the Quantity.

Millington, Captain Whitebaits Man, said, that he had several times been sent for a Bible, when Kelley was with

It appeared to the Committee, by the Account, delivered in by the Commissioners for Vidualing, that Mr. his Matter, which he has given into Kelley's Hand; but

Rolfe, of Harwich, had Bills made out for 2,782 Tons of Beer, pretended to be delivered for the last Year’s Service: It appeared from the Excile Vouchers, he had brewed in that Time no more than 1,102 Tons} so that he had Bills made out for 1,680 Tons more, than was really delivered.

The Committee computed the Loss to the Queen in the 1,680 Tons undelivered of Mr. Rolf’s Contract} viz.

£ *'

Beer, at 54 s. per Ton ... 4,536 -

1,680 Tons of Calk, at 45 j. per Ton 31780 — —

Lois in the Whole, if Calks are funk, is.....8,316 -

Mr. Befl, Brewer at Chatham, said, that he contracted

the last Year to brew 455 Tons of Beer, at 50 J. per Ton:

That he delivered but 33 x Tons} the Remainder he paid Agent Vidualer at Dover, said, about Eigiit Years} but a Composition for to the Pursers, but had Bills made out th° he had n0 instructions from the Commissioners for

could not lay, he ever saw him kiss the Book.

Kelley, being again examined, averred, that all he had said before to the Committee, was true} and said, that though his Hand was to the Affidavits, yet he never took any Oath before Captain Whitehall; That Captain Whitehall always certified to the Commissioners, that he did swear to the Quantity of Beer delivered, without his taking any Oath: That is was for dilpenfing with his Oath, that he agreed to pay Whitehall the Money: That, before this Agreement, he always lwore to the Quantity of Beer delivered, before a Justice of the Peace.

The. Low, Mr. Kellye’s Servant, laid, he once brought several Affidavits from Captain Whitehall, ready signed by the said Whitehall, to his Mr. at Canterbury, for his Matter to set his Hand to} which, when he had done, were returned back to Captain Whitehall, to be sent up to the Commissioners for Victualing.

Captain Whitehall being asked, how long he had been

for the whole 455 Tons.

The Committee computed the Loss to the Queen in the 124 Tons of Beer undelivered of Best's Contract:

s. d.

124 Tons of Beer, at 50 s. per Ton - 310 — —

124 Tons of Calk, at 45 J. per Ton, cost 279 -

Lois of the Whole, if the Calks are funk,

is.....589 -

Mr. Tyhurst, Brewer at Rochester, said, that he contracted the last Year to brew 883 Tons of Beer, at 50 j. er Ton: That he delivered but 126 Tons} the Re-

Vo l. 16.

Victualing, till Four Years after he had been lent thither.

The Committee computed the Loss to the Queen in the 1,222 Tons of Beer undelivered of Mr. Kellye's Contract:

£ * d.

1,22a Tons of Beer, at 50/. per Ton 3,055 -

Trimming, shipping, tec. Ton - 30 5 xo — 1,222 Tons of Calks, at 45 per Ton, cost- ----- 2,749 10 —

Loft in the Whole) if the Calks are

funk, is - - - 6,110 — —

6 L Loll,

.Ahuft'S in

Victualing

Deportment.

A Member txpefled.

I Addrth for

| his Profecu-

I tion.

Dumfreize

Eie&ion.

Oak h amp ton Election.

Committees.

Palmer's

E&ale*

Rennet

Navigation-

150 — 16° Februarii.

A. 1710.

I. £. s.

Mr. Ridge and Dixon 18,846 15 —

Mr. Flayer - - 17,978 -

Mr. Rolfe - - . 8,316 -

iJr- - - - 589 -

Mr Tyburst- 3,595 15 — Mr. Kelley - - - 6,110 — —

Vwens, 16* Februarii;

Anno 9* Anna Regina, 1710.

Prayers.

SJRDERE D, That William , William a buffi ia

Purks, Wm. SmithThomas Hicks, Tho. John Victualing Ridge, John Spencer, John , and ff'w. Comings, Department;

In all 55,435 10 — do attend this House upon Morning next.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it appears to this House, that in the Management of her Majesty’s Bi*ew-house, as well as in the Contrafts for furnishing the Navy with Beer, there have been many notorious Imbezzle-tnents, and scandalous Abuses, to the defrauding the Publick of great Sums of Money, and to the Injury and Discouragement of the Seamen.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Victualing have a Copy of the said Report.

After which Mr. Ridge was heard in his Place, to the Matter of the Report, relating to him: And then he Withdrew.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Thomas Ridge, Esquire, a Member of this House, is guilty of great Frauds and Abuses, by having contracted tofurnish Five thousand Five hundred and Thirteen Ton of Beer upon his own Account, and Two thousand Seven hundred and Four Ton of Beer in Partnership with Mr. Dixon, and having received Bills for the Whole, although he delivered but Three thousand Two hundred and Thirteen Ton on the first, and but One thousand Two hundred Sixty-nine upon the latter, Contract.

Resolved, That the said Thomas Ridge, Esquire, be, for the said Frauds and Abuses, expelled this House.

Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to her Majesty, that (he will please to give Directions to her Attorney General, to prosecute the said Mr. Ridge for the said Frauds and Abuses.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Nutt do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Victualing, and their Secretary, do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the Shire of Dumfreize be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Oakbampton be farther adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Gape, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. New-digate, Mr. Halford, Mr. Parker, Sir Tho. Mr.

Shackerfy, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Renda, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Bur-ridge, Mr. Bertie, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming a Lease for 21 Years, made by Jeffery Palmer, Esquire, and others, of Lands in Carle-ten Cwrlieu, in the County of for Payment of

the Debts of the said Jeffery Palmer, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Ti/ney, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Caffe, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Kernel navigable, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Thomas Morphy, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms A Person attending this House, was (according to Order) brought reprimanded to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was discharged, pay- ar* ing his Fees.

An ingrossed Bill for securing the Freedom of Parlia- Members hients, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in Qualification, the House of Commons, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, To oblige the Candidates to take an Oath of the Value of their Estates.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Clause was amended, and the Blanks were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 11. After " England" to insert " Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed?'

Line 31. After "Lands" to insert " Tenements, or Hereditaments."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Mr.. Freman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for reviving, continuing, and appropriating, Supply Bill; certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be export- reviving cered, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Water-borne, tain D"hes. and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for 32 Years, to raise Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to take off the Drawback of the Customs, allowed on the Exportation of foreign unwrought Iron and Steel to the Plantations.

Vfgr..2li

fiUitwl

h.

'iGia

A Petition of George Rofell, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that by an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, a Duty was laid upon Pepper, Nutmegs, &c. of is. 6 per Pound, over and above all former Duties: That the Petitioner was seised of a considerable Quantity of long Pepper, bought of the East India Company, who had paid the then Duties about Seven Years ago; yet a Custom-house Officer hath seized the fame, on Pretence, it is within the Meaning of the said Act; which, the Petitioner is advised, it is not; the Act intending only to charge such Pepper, as is used for Spice, and long Pepper is a Drug only, and used for Horses, and other Cattle, and is of so low a Value,. that, should the said Duty be exacted, it will amount to-a Prohibition thereof: And praying, that the House Si will

Duty o» long l’epper,

i.

"'a

9 Ann.

I 6° — 170

will explain the said Act, by a Clause, that long Pepper may not be charged with the iaid Duty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, and appro-certain Duties upon several Commodities, to

pnating

50 3

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into false Mullers, and other Abuses, in the Payment of her Majesty’s Guards, and also Abuses, committed in relation to Chelsea Hospital.

A Petition of the Clothiers in the County of Gloucejlir Woollen Ma-

fiufadure.

be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Wa- was prerented to the House, and read; setting forth, that

tcr-borne, and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther - - ....

Duties upon Candles, for 32 Years, to raiie^. 1,500,000, by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711, is committer!.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to explain the Laws relating to the Duties on Linen exported.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they doconlider of the State of the Woollen Manufacture in general, and report the same to the House.

I)^coUT;igiflg

k WlUJClS*

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the taking, examining, and dating. The House being informed, that the Commissioners the publick Accounts of this Kingdom; and that Sir of Traofports, and their Secretary, attended (according Simeon , Mr. , and Mr. Vernon, do pre-

to Order) they were called in, and examined touching pare, and bring in, the fame, the Matter of the Complaint, made against them Yester-

Publick

Accounts.

tad Means.

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle have Leave to withdraw Northumber^ his Petition, touching the Election for the County of landElcdimi' Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Northumb#r-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the l"d Writ* electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northumberland, in the room of the Right honourable Algernoon , Earl of Hertford,

'Ordered, That the said'STlw f«d Of- *’h°’ fin" he, was deeded for the said County, hath been fence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms b? hcr MaJefly appointed Governor of Tmmouth Fort.

attending this House. Sir Roger Mostyn acquainted the House, froth the intimidating

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Committee, appointed to enquire into fallc Mullers, and a Witness. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole other Abuses, in the Payment of her Majesty’s Guards,

House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for railing an,d air° Abul"’ c°‘»mttted in relation to Hospi-

the Supply granted to her Majesty. fal Hn,u

day, in relation to Mr. Raine;and also Mr. was

called in, and again examined.

And they being withdrawn;

R'fo/ved, That it appears to this House, that Mr. Henry Raine hath been discouraged by Mr. Roop (One of the Commissioners of Tran sports) for having given Information to the Committee of this House, appointed to enquire into Abuses, committed in the Victualing.

Lord C nllcn' Elute.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat/, 17* die Februarii \

Anno 9* Ann* Regina;, 1710.

PtATIRS.

TVf1*- BraeebriJge printed to the House (according

IV1 to Order) a Bill for enabling Charles Lord Viscount Cullen to fell the Manor and Advowson of the Church of Elmflborp, in the County of Leicester, lor the thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards

tal, that they had directed him to report to the House, that it appeared to the said Committee, that Colonel Chartris had menaced, and beaten, Serjeant,

for the Information he had given to the said Committee, in Breach of tee Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That the said Colonel Chartris be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Freman (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Re-commitment, touch* ing the Eletflion for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and the Resolution of the Committee

Honiton

Election.

PrcOrvation of Gam*.

Abtise* in paying the

Guaidg.

Payment of his Debts; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hungerford preferred to the House (according to Order) a Bill for continuing the Act, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better Preservation of the Game, and for making the same more effectual; and the feme was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tl.urjday Morning next.

A Petition of Charles Lloyd, Lewis Toung, William

Elliot, Robert Mackmurran, Jonah Crimes, and Wm.

Stewart, Citizens of the City of London, on the behalf

of thcniselves, and many other Citizens and Tradesmen 7# EJward Wrrr, junior; Iha.

of the City, was presented to the House, and read t let- w and Philip Prim.

ting forth, that it is become a pernicious Practice ot 9 J f

Tradesmen (appearing to be Men of good Substance, and That, to justify those 14 Voters, Mr. Sheppard’s Counlive in good Credit and Reputation) to lift and enter fel called Witnesses;

themselves in her Majesty’s Foot Guards, with Intent to Abraham Matthew, John Clap, said, that the Premises, cheat and defraud their Creditors of their just Debts, and Robert Collins and Geo. voted for, are an undivided proceed themselves as Soldiers, though they do not wear Estate between Collins, and his Brother, and Two Sifters: the Habit of Soldiers, never go abroad into Service, That Brother fold hisShare (which is the greatest

and never do any Duty at home: And praying, that Part) to one Salter: That s Name only is in the

some Remedy may be provided, to prevent this grow- Rate; but that and pay Scot anti Lot for their

ing Evil. Parts.'

Vo l. 16. rhomas

delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolution, are as follow;

viz.

Upon the Recommitment of the Resolution of the Committee, touching the Election of Sir Walter Tonge, Baronet, to serve for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, the Committee have examined the Matter of the Poll of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot only.

That the Poll of the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, was, 34 for Sir Walter Tonge:

43 for James Sheppard, Esquire.

That Sir Walter Long's Counsel objected to 14 of Mr. Sheppard's Voters, viz.

Robert Collins, George Afb, Heury John Smith ',

Henry Hue, Wm. Viney, Samuel Clap, Wm. Richards, Sami

Honiton

Election.

504 170 Februarii 1710.

Thomas Hughes, Abr. Mathew, laid, that Henry

lives in a House worth /8a Year, pays /. 3 a Year to the Poor, pays Scotland Lot, and is rated in the Book as Occupier of Darkes, the former Owner.

John Clap said, that John Smith pays Scotland Lot for an Estatehe has in the Borough, which is rated together with another Estate he has out of the Borough in the Parish:

That Henry Hue voted for a House he owns, and pays Scotland Lot for it: The House is mortgaged, but Hut is in Possession:

That Wtit.Viney and Samuel Clap pay Scotland Lot for

Lands in the Borough, which they purchased: The Names of the former Owners are in the Rate, and they are rated as Occupiers:

That Wm. Richards and Samuel Whitmore pay Scotland Lot for Lands in the Parish, but out of the Borough:

That Joseph Toofe and Edward , junior, pay

Scotland Lot: The Estates, they pay for, are their own: The Rates stand in the former Owners Names, and they are rated as Occupiers:

That Thomas Serle and Bic Williams pay Scotland Lot:

That Philip Prince pays Scotland Lot for Lands, Part of which are in the Borough, and other Part in the Pa-rill), out of the Borough:

That there is but One Rate for the Parish, and the Borough.

To add One to Mr. s Poll,

John Clap said, that Wm. Bovett is an Inhabitant, pays Scotland Lot, and offered his Vote for Mr. Sheppard; but it was not received, because he had been absent from the Town Two or Three Months, though his Family was there all the Time.

That, to disqualify Four of Sir Walter Young's Voters, Viz. Wm. Brown, John Clap, Thomas Blackal/er, and John Ravenhill;

Henry Humfry, Abr. Mathew, said, that Brotvn receives a Charity of Six Pence a Quarter: That Clap owned, he did not pay Scotland Lot at the Time of the Election, nor for a Year and a half before:

That Thomas Blackaller is only a Boarder;

That John Ravenhill fold his Goods at Mich, and was not an Housekeeper in the Borough at the Time of the Election.

That, to disqualify Mr. Shep Voters aforesaid. Sir Walter Yong's Counsel examined Witnessesr

Samuel Ash, Francis AJb,said, that the Witness, Samuel Ash, has collected the Poor Rate Eight Years to-

gether, was Overseer last Yearj and they never knew Collins pay the Poor Rate:

That Henry Toofe is not in the Rate, and they never knew him pay:

That John Smith, William Richards, Samuel Clap, and Samuel Whitmore, pay Scotland Lot for Estates, which are in the Parish, but out of the Borough.

That Henry Hue, Wm. Viney, Geo. Ash, Edward Saunders, junior, and Bickerftaff Williams, are not in the Rate:

That Joseph Toofe never paid to the Highways:

That Thomas Serle'% Taxes are paid by his Landlord: That Wm. Bovet is not an Inhabitant; That he lives out of the Town, and went about begging at the Time of the Election.

That, to justify the Four Votes, objected to by Mr. Sheppards Counsel,

Samuel Ash said, that the 6 da Quarter, paid to Brown, is not a Charity, but it is paid him as a Door-keeper: That John Clap, John Blackaller, and John Ravenhill, always paid Scotland Lot, and they are in the Rate.

That, to add Six to Sir Walter Yong's Poll, viz. John Skinner, Samuel Stocker, Wm. Newton, Wm. Abbott, John Farr, and Wm. Pippett;

Francis Ash said, those Six tendered their Votes for Sir Walter Yonge-, and are all rated, and pay Scotland Lot;

and Three of them pay for Lands lying in the Parish, out of the Borough.

Against these Six Mr. Sheppards Counsel called Samuel Clap; who said, he never heard, they paid Scotland Lot: That Skinner and Newton's Estates are under 50 Sli. a Year, and so not rateable:

That the Mortgagee of Farr's ... is in Possession: That Peppit lives a Mile out of Town, is rated in the Parish, but not in the Borough.

Henry Humfryssaid, that Three of those Six are put

down in the Rate Book, not to pay: That he took a Copy of the Poor Rate for this Year, and examined it, as it was signed by the JuRices:

That Samuel Stocker Rood then excused, and was marked in the Book, not to pay the Rate; but that Excuse is since struck out, and he Rands charged in the Rate.

Francis Ash laid, that Alteration was made with the Privity of the JuRices, who signed the Rate.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That James Sheppard, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon.

The said Resolution being read a Second time) Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That James Sheppard, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon.

Mr. Freman also reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Tabie; where they were read} and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Edward Southwell, and Job* Ellis, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Sir John Norris, Knight, and Philips Gybbon, Esquire, to serve for the Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex:

That the Poll was thus:

29 for the fitting Members:

17 for the Petitioners.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Jurats, and Freemen, inhabiting in the Port, paying Scotland Lot.

That the Petitioners Counsel insisted, that the Freemen are to be elected at the Assembly Court: That, according to the Custom of this Port, when any Persons, proposed to be made free, have been rejected at the Assembly Court, such Persons cannot be admitted to Freedom during the Mayoralty, in which they were so proposed, and rejected; and that Freemen ought to qualify themselves to vote in the Afleinbly Court, by receiving the Sacrament, according to the Corporation Act

That, under these Heads, they objected to 16 of the fitting Members Voters; and they proceeded to dilqua-lify Four, viz.Tho. Hills, Waller Waiters,

Bishop, and John Young, as having been proposed to be made free, and rejected, at the Assembly Court in Mr. Young's Mayoralty, in 1701, and afterwards made free in the same Mayoralty. And they examined Witnesses; viz.

Michael Cadman, Nich. Mannoch John Palmer, and Wm.Easton\ who said, they had known the Port 30, 40, and 50, Years; and always understood it to be a CuRom, that Persons, who Rood for Freedom at the Af-

fembly,

Rye

Ele&ofc

9 Ann".

vj° Febrttarii.

fembly Court, and were once rejected, could not be made free during the same Mayoralty; and that Freemen must qualify ihemselves by receiving the Sacrament, or they cannot vote at the Assembly Court; and they never knew it otherwise, till Mr. Young's Mayoralty, in 1701; but that some Persons, who had not qualified themselves.

S5

For the Petitioners:

William Easton laid, that, the Majority by which Morgan Warner ;one of the said Four Persons) was elected, was made by DilTenters, who had not qualified themselves; but he could say nothing against the other Three. Nick. Motmocb, James Sharp, Jo. Palmer, laid, none

have sometimes appeared, and acted, at the Assembly ought to come to the Assembly Court, but those, who Court, notwithstanding the y were objected to; and others qualify themselves by receiving the Sacrament; and that have refused to come, or aft, there, apprehending the m- aJI the Freemen, who will qualify themselves, have Right selves not qualified, in regard they had not received the to fit and aft there.

That the fitting Members Counsel called Tho. Grebble; who laid, he had known the Town 40 Years: That all Freemen, if they will, may come to the Assembly Court, whether they are qualified, or not; and he has known several DilTenters vote and aft there who

Sacrament. And the Witnesses said, they apprehended, the Sacrament must be received by the Freemen within Three Monti s after their Election:

That all Freemen, who will qualify themselves, may come to the Assembly Court; and, when they are put upon Election, there is no Enquiry, if they have received never qualified themselves.

the Sacrament, or not: That it likewise appeared to the Committed, by the

That the Four Persons, before objected to, were in Town Books, that DilTenters have been allowed to vote Mr. Young's Mayoralty, in 1701, put up at the Assembly at Assembly Courts, without qualifying themselves. Court, to be made free; were then rejected, and after- That the Committee came to this Resolutioti: wards nude tiee in the same Mayoralty: That it is the Opinion of this Committed,

That they take the Assembly Courts to be in Nature of That it is not necessary, the Freemen of the Port of Rye Common Councils: Leases are granted, and all corporate should qualify themselves, according to the Corporation Acts done, there: Act, before they be allowed to vote in the Assembly

That all Freemen, without Distinction, vote in electing Court of the said Port.

Officer., anJ Members to Parliament.

That Copies of the Journals of this House, in the controverted Elections for this Port in the Years 1702 and 1706, were produced; whereby it appears, this Custom, against admitting Persons in the Mayoralty they had been rejected, was infilled upon; and the Four Persons, above named, were then objected to for the Reasons now urged against them.

That the fitting Members Counsel insisted, that ’tis

not necessary for Freemen of this Port to quality them- he had been rejected in.

That the Petitioners Counsel then objected to Five others s viz. The. Serjeant, Hen. , John Taylor,

Stephen Barnes, and Edward Lee.

And they called

Nicholas Mannoch; who said, Thom. Serjeant was made free by a Majority, made up of DilTenters, and the rejected Votes before-mentioned; and that the other Four were admitted, when Mr. Waiters was Mayor, who, in 1701, was made a Freeman in the same Mayoralty

selves by receiving the Sacrament.

That they produced the Resolution of this House to that Purpcle in the controverted Election for Rye, in the Year 1690.

And they examined Witnesses:

7ho. Grebble, JtJ. Tucker, said, they had known the Port above 20 Years, and never, till lately, heard of any

And that the Committee came to thele Resolutions;

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Norris, Knight, is duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of in the County of Sussex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

such Pretence, that Freemen, once rejected, could not That Philips Gybbon, Esquire, is duly elected a Baron, be made free in the same Mayoralty: to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Rye,

That no such Custom is any where taken Notice of in in the County of Sussex.

the Books, wherein the Laws and Customs of the Port are collected: That the said Four Men, now objected to, have been allowed to vote in the Assembly Court, and for Mayors and Officers of the Port, and for Members of Parliament:

That One of them in 1705, viz. Walter Walters, brought a Mandamus against Mr. Mannoch, the then M ivwr, who refused him; and thereupon Walters was refi ned:

That all the Freemen take the same Oath; and the Witnesses know of no distmft Authority in any of the

Freemen.

That the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thar TLomax Hills, Walter Wallers, Than if nil Bishop,

and John Yewg, having been proposed to be made free,

and rejected at a Court of Assembly, and afterwards made tree in the same Mayoralty, are not legal Freemen of the Port of Rye.

That, upon this Resolution, it was admitted, that Three others of the fitting Members Voters, viz. John

Dadd, Edward ITilmhurst, and H in Chiswell, are not

good V oters within this Resolution, their Election being founded upon the Votes of the find Four rejected Freemen above-n air. eel.

That t he Petitioners Counsel objected to Four others, viz. 30 for Bribery, 10 for Treats, and Two for receiving viz. JosephBeards, Edward Swain, Robert Hounfell, and Charity, the Petitioner’s Counsel called

Morgan Warner, as having been elected by a Majority, John Hunt; who said, that 42 of the Voters signed an made of Freemen, who were Dissenters, and had not Instrurnent, inviting the Petitioner to stand, and pro-qualified themselves by receiving the Sacrament: Touch- mifing to vote for him; and they sent it by him to the ing which Point the following further Evidence was Petitioner; and afterwards the major Part of them voted given on both Sides: for the fitting Member against him.

Vol. 10. 6 M John

The said several Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Freman also reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sttfex, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of James St. Amand, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Wm. Wallis, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Constables, and Householders, Inhabitants within the Borough, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms.

That the Poll was thus:

51 for the fitting Member:

20 for the Petitioner.

That, to take off 4a of the fitting Members Voters,

Steyning

Ele&iOu.

170 Febrtiarii.

A. 1710,

Steyning

tleftion.

Streater said, tViat the following Persons voted 20th January last told him, John Hunt hid offered him a for the fitting Member; and that, before the Election, great many Guineas, to come up, to prove Bribery in the fitting Member gave them the following Bribes for the fitting Member; and that he answered Hunt, he

their Votes for him; viz.

George Goddard Five Guineas, and a Promise to make

1.6.

Nicholas Worger, /. 6.

Rich. Dendy, and the Witness (John Streater) /. 7

each.

John Heafman said, that the following Persons told him, they had these Bribes for their Votes for the fitting Member;

Henry Dumbrell Six Guineas:

Timothy Hillman at Note for /. 4.

Wm. Beard a Bill of Exchange for /. 7.

Richard Aylmer had 50 s.Rent discharged: Edward Bud arid Jbhn Greenfield had Rents discharged:

John Heafman (the Witness) had /. 5 from the fitting Member’s Servant, and a Promise from the fitting Member of 50 s. more

would have Money, else he would not come; for he would not be a Rogue for nothing:

That Streater told him, he could give the Election for the fitting Member, if he would:

That John Heafman, the Morning after the Election, declared, he had nothing for his Vote for the fitting Member.

That, to prove Bribery, and indirect Practices, on the Petitioner’s Part, and Attempts to take off the fitting Member’s Witnesses,

Joft ah "ParJons said, that Edward Black fan solicited his Vote for the Petitioner; who told him, the Petitioner would carry the Election, right or wrong, for he was so great a Man, he need but ask, and have; and that, if any Witness came up against him, they would be confined.

Isaac Challen said, John Hunt told him, and Joseph Baker, John Streater, and Richard , that, if any

That Josiah Parsons, John Ho Bermet, Edward Peters, of them would come up, and give Evidence for the Pe-

John Woolven, John Dennet, 'Tho. Day,

Tho. Lillinglon, Tho. Williams, Tho. Swaine, Robert Jon, and Samuel Cox, had each of them /. 7. 10 s. for their Votes for the fitting Member:

That Thomas Nye said, he had as good a Peny for his Vote, as any body; for he would not trust:

That 12 of the said Persons declared, they would have voted for the Petitioner, if they had not been so bribed by the fitting Member:

titioner, he would take it as great a Kindness, as if they, had voted for him:

That William Squire (who is since dead) told him, he had /. 10 for his Vote for the Petitioner; and offered the Witness as much, to vote for him.

Tho. Langlay said, John Hunt offered him /.to for his Vote for the Petitioner; and Hunt told him, he was to have/. 50 if he made the Petitioner a fitting Member. Wm. Knight said, that James Champion (who voted for

That Wm. Knight, an Agent for the fitting Member, the Petitioner, and fitting Member) a Month after the

spent 8 s. upon Bud, Hillman, and Greenfield, to vote for the fitting Member.

Joseph Baker said, that Tho. Kelsey informed him, the fitting Member promised him /. 7 for his Vote; and told him, /. 7. io s. was the most he gave.

Tho. Mitchell said, that John Bennet, junior, told him, he had his Rent acquitted for his Vote for the fitting Member.

Tho. Burguin said, that James Champion declared, he

f.Otft

to

Election desired the Witness to lend him /. 5 and the Witness asking, how he should be paid again, Champion said, that 20 of the Petitioner’s Voters had /. to a-piece for their Votes; and that he would pay him, when he received his Part.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That William Wallis, Esquire, is not duly elected a would not have voted for the fitting Member, if he had Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Bo-not lived Rent-free; and that Robert Hunt told him, he rough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex. was discharged a Year’s Rent, which is 30 s. and the fit- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ting Member pays his Taxes, otherwise he would not That James St. Amand, Esquire, is not duly defied a have voted for him. Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said

John Hunt said, that Wm. Burnet is only a Lodger: Borough of Steyning.

That he keeps a Butcher’s Shop, but his Mother keeps, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and maintains, the House; and that Ihe told the Wit- That the Election for the said Borough of Steyning, as to ness, the fitting Member promised to pay her a Debt, he the said William Wallis, and James St. Amand, Esquires, owed her, if her Son would vote for him; and that there- is a void Election.

fore her Son voted for the fitting Member: The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second

That John Finch, and James Wood, in 1709 received time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Baron Hilton's Charity; which is a Charity, paid by the agreed unto by the House.

Churchwardens, sometimes once in a Year, sometimes Ordered, That no new Writ do ifl'ue this Session of once in Two Years, to Persons in Want; and that this Parliament, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this was the last time, that Charity was paid. _ present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the

Richard Hedger said, that Jofiali Parsons told him, the County of SuJJ'ex.

Night before the Election, he might have /. 5 for his

Vote for the fitting Member; and that, if he would go The Orders of the Day being read;

down to him, the Money lay ready for him. Ordered, That the Second reading the Bill to repeal Importing

Tho. Mitchell, John Streater, laid, that, the Night an Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with French before the Election, the following Persons, who voted for France, so far as it relates to the prohibiting the Importa- 'v‘Des* the fitting Member, were treated at the fitting Mem- tion of French Wines, be adjourned until Morn-

V-.a

jitiati

h

h

ber’s House at Chantry Green;

John Creajly, Wm. Andrews, Tho. Bawcomb, John Andrews, Wm. Gatford, Isaac Challen, Sam. Walder, Robert Greenfield, John Greenfield, Jeremy Marshall, James Wood, and William Knight:

That Mr. Fuller, the fitting Member’s Tenant, lives at Chantry Green-, the fitting Member was at the Treat; and they took it to be at his Expence: That Mr. Fuller never entertained the Steyning Men so before:

That the fitting Member’s Counsel examined Witnesses, to take off the Evidence of John Streater and John Heafman. They called

Josiah Parsons -, who said, that John Streater the

*9

ing next, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the Shire of be farther

adjourned until Thursday Morning next, after the 2d Reading of the Bill to repeal an Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, so far as it relates to the prohibiting the Importation of French Wines.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Dumfreiia

Elediow.

9 Ann.

lp° FelrUatii.

507

Konitoa

Jieturn

UDtiukd.

Lurue> 19° die Februarii;

Anno 9* Ann* Reginse, 1710. Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended (according to Order) and amended the Return for the Borough of Honilon, in the County of by rating out all,

that related to the Return of Sir Walter Yonge, Baronet, and by inlerting such Words, as made the same a perfect Return of James Sheppard, Esquire, with Sir Drake,

Knight and Baronet.

K«m*t A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgefle?, K*vi£u.tion. and other chief Inhabitants, of the Borough of

rough, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Kennel navigable, will be not only an'Advantage to the neighbouring Country, by Improvement of Trade, but also an Increase of Watermen, who may be lerviceable to her Majesty’s Navy: And praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Rwroi’in- Mr. Granville presented to the House (according to Lwi lorcv*. Order) a Bill to continue the Act for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forced and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1711; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Pwnifl'.inp Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to con-Wuimy and tinue the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and bciertion. for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and that Mr. Granville, Mr. Conyers, and Lieutenant General Erie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

R*y<Un A Bill to amend the Highways from Royston, in the Roads. County of Hertford, to Water Newton, in the County of Huntington, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Tint the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Cejar, Sir Gilbirt Dolben, Mr. Gore, Sir Robert Sir Ri-

chard Hoar, Mr. Cotton. Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Richard Living, Mr. EJftngton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mr.

Dalby, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Hunger-ford, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. . Mr. Mtdlicot, Mr.

Ha fey. Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Potkling-ton, Mr. Hern, Mr. Gape, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Manley, Mr. CroJJe, Mr. Conyers, Mr. North, Mr. Clark-, and all, that serve for North Britain, Yorkshire, and the Four Northern Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to provide for amending the Highways to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntington.

C

Dtiby ' Ordered, That the Lord James Cavendish, and Mr-Election. Pye, have Leave to withdraw their Petition, touching

the Election for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby.

Receipts and Mr. Lowndes presented to the House (pursuant to their

Vayments of Address to her Majesty) An Account of the Receipts, tivunts. and Payments, and Remains, of Moneys, granted in Parliament for the Year 1710, as the same stood in the Exchequer at the Time the late Lord Treasurer was removed, to wit, on the 10th Day of August, 1710.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

Vol. 16.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Trowbridge, in the Coun- Importing tjr of Wilts, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves. Wool Card*, and several thoulands of Poor, employed in the carding of Wool, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that ai Clause in the Bill now depending in the House, to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, and to prevent the Abuses in making the same with old Card Wire, will be very prejudicial to the whole Woollen Manufacture, and a great Hardship on the fine Clothiers, who fell their old Wool Cards to the coarse Clothiers, and Drugget-makers, which are better for their Purposes, than new Wool Cards: And praying, that the Clause in the said Bill to prohibit the felling of old Wool Cards, may not be enacted.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill for reviving, continuing, and reviving ccr-appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, Uua ut,e*' to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Water-borne, and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for 32 Years, to raifo f. 1,500,000 by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Woollen of the Clothiers in the Couoty of Gloucester, is referred, Manufacture, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for aiu* ^eaas' raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to some Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means the Supply granted to her Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply,

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

20° Febmarii.

A.

1710.

Weller'*

Ellate.

Mart is, 20* di Februarti J

Anno 9* Anna Regina, 1710.

Prayers.

A PETITION of JoJ'eph senior, Esquire* and Jane, his Wife, and of Joseph Weller, junipr, Margaret Wopd, Widow, Hannah , and

Eliz. Weller, Children of tire said Joseph Weller, senior, and Jane, his W ife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1694 the Petitioner, Joseph Weller, senior, purchased the Manor of and

other Lands in Sttffiex, subject to divers Mortgages, and afterwards voluntarily settled the Equity of Redemption on his laid Wife, and Children, hoping, his Circumstances would have enabled him to redeem the said Ellate; but it growing w.orfe, and the Mortgagees calling for their Money, all Parties concerned think it adviseable, that the Ellate should be fold, to pay of Incumbrances, and the Surplus secured for the Petitioners Benefit; but the same cannot be done, without an Act of Parliament, by reason of tire Infancy of Eliz. Weller, and for that Stephen Weller (who went to Sea about Ten Years ago, arid hath never fmce been heard of) hath afmall Interest in the Premises: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vetting the Premises in Trustees; for dil'charging the Incumbrances thereupon, and applying the Surplus for the Benefit of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Geo. Parker, Mr. Campion, and Mr. Medlicot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Powys took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Powys reported from the Committee, that' they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committe of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Bribery it Election*.

\V

10m )

tii

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oxford

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ,

the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Oxford, in the room of Sir John Walter,

Baronet, who, since he was elected for the Lid City, bath been by her Majesty appointed Clerk Comptroller of her Majesty’s Houshold.

A Bill to continue the Act for recruiting her Ma- Recruiting jetty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Fn*

Year 1711, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sktflfmgton’s

Eftaie.

A Petition of Eliz. Skeffington, late Wife of Thomas Skeffington, Esquire, deceakd, Mother and Guardian of Thomas Skeffington, his Son, and Heir, the said 7ho. Skeffington, the Son, and Charles Brome, Brother and Executor of the said Thomas Skeffington, deceased, was presented to the Hoyfe, and read; setting forth, that the said Tho. Skeffington, deceased, by his last Will devised

certain Lands, called Warrens Holm, for Payment of his Debts; and he also died seised in Fee of certain Woods, called Skeffington, in Leicestershie (which are Afiets in Law, subject to pay Debts) wherein are considerable Quantities of decaying Timber Trees, which the Friends and Relations of the said Tho. the Son, who i$ an Infant, about 14 Years of Age, think will be much for his Advantage, that the said Timber should be fold: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Timber upon the said Thomas ’s

Ellate, for the Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the.laid Petition; and that Mr. Winfianley, Mr. Bracebridge, and Mr. Palmer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

charged with writing a certain UtUr influencing Elections.

The House being informed, that Colonel Cledhill was Privilege — at the Door, and had something to offer to the House; A he was called in, and, at the Bar, heard, what he had to say.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Colonel G/cfi/V/having at the Bar of this House charged Sir James Mountague (a Member thereof) with writing a Letter, reflectingupon the Honour of her Majesty, and this House, and desiring Time to produce his Witnesses, which are in the Country, to prove the fame.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That this Matter be taken into farther Consideration on this Day Three Weeks;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for (he Yeas,[Mr.

Tellers for the Noc-O'1.'/ Yll

Mr. Lowther: So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

] *54-1151*

Tine A Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the County Navigation.. of Northumberland, and the Grand Jury for the said

County, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Morpeth, for the said County, the nth Day of January, in the 9th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners conceive, that making the River Tine navigable from Newburne to Hexham would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said County, in carrying their Product to Newcastle: That John Errington, Esquire, has proposed to undertake the said Navigation at his own Charge, provided he may have the lole Profits arising the reby: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the River Tine navigable from Ntwburn (the Place, to which it now flows) to Hexham aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the l’raver of the said Petition; and that Mr. Wrightfon and Sir Robert Eden do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

1

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, ap- Palatines, pointed to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid, be received upon Friday Morning next. J

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, ap- Abusesi* pointed to enquire into the Abuses of the Victualing, be Victualing taken into farther Consideration on Thursday Morning Department, next; and that the Commissioners of the Victualing, and such other Perl'ons, as were ordered to attend this Day, do then attend this House.

Ordered, That the hearing the Merits of the Election Oakbaropto* for the Borough of Oakbampton, in the County of Devon, Election. be farther adj mrned until Saturday Morning next, at Eleven aClock; and that the Clerk of the Crown do then attend with the Return for the said Borough; and also that - Christopher

L.

9 Ann. 20* — 2

Christopher Tendall, junior, Serjeant at Mace at Oak-Aampton% do then also attend.

\x ay* Ordered\ That the Report from the Committee, to

and Mams. whom it was referred to consider farther of Ways and Means for raisini* the Supply granted to her Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 21 °;

Anno 9* Anns Regime, 1710.

PllAYKRS.

fif"nonx'* I R Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to

iitiutc. at whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, late of Sir Philip ^lonoux, Baronet, deceased, in Broome, and the Paril!) of South:!/, in the County of Bedford, according to his Will, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-fents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

j A Petit ion of divers Merchants, and principal Traders,

Manuia. iure. as also of several Weavers, Flax-drcfllrs, Whitilers, Spinners, Winders, and others, concerned in the Liucn Manufacture within the several Towns r,

Pendleton, Newton, Clifton, and other adjacent Towns, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of them-lelves, and many others, concerned in the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that, since the Duty, called the Two-third Subfitly, was taken off from all foreign European Linen, such great Quantities thereof have been imported into Great and sold at lower Prices, than what can be afforded here; which hath reduced great Numbers of Families, who Jived in good Repute, to very great Straits; other considerable Dealers have left off their Trade; and the same is in danger of being loft, unless lbme Encouragement be given thereto: And praying, that some Provision may be made, that the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain may Hand, at least, upon an equal Foot with foreign Cloth, so that the Petitioners may be encouraged by their lndustry to fubfitl themselves, and Families.

Ordered That tire said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

he to, A Petition of divers Merchants, and principal Traders,

as also of several Weavers, Flax-drefl'ers, Whit tiers, Spin-fters, Winders, and others, concerned in the Linen Manufacture within the several Towns of ton. Prefect, Ec cleft on, and other adjacent Towns, in the County Palat ine of Lancafteon behalf of themselves, and

many others, concerned in the said Manufacture, was ore-fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, since the Duty has been taken off upon all foreign Linen, such great Quantities of that Commodity has been imported, and Ibid.cheaper, than ’tis possible it can be sold for by the Petitioners (the Linen Manufacture being the most considerable Branch of Trade in the said County) whereby the said Trade is very much decayed, and great Numbers of Families, who well supported themselves, are reduced to great Straits: And praying such Redress, that, at least, the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain may stand upon an equal Foot with foreign Cloth.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Vol. l(i.

0 Februarii. 509

A Petition of divers Merchants, and principal Traders, Linen

as also of several Weavers, Flax-drefl'ers, Whitfters, Spin- Manufacture. fter>, Winders, and others, concerned in the Linen Manufacture, within the several Towns of Preston, Blackburn, Ley land, It'allot, Pen-wort ham, Cuerden,

Clayton, and elsewhere, in the County Palatine of caster, on behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since the Duty, called the Two-third Subsidy, hath been taken off all foreign European Linen, such great Quantities thereof have been imported into Gre</t Britain, and sold at cheaper Bates, than can possibly be aft'orded at here; whereby great Numbers of Persons, who lived in good Repute, are reduced to great Ncceflities for want of Work: And praying, that the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain may stand, at least, upon the same Foot with foreign Cloth, lo that the Petitioners may thereby be enabled to get Subsistence for their Families.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of divers Merchants, and principal Traders, Ditto, as also of several Weavers, Flax-drefl'ers, Whitfters, Spin-fters. Winders, and others, concerned in the Linen Manufacture within the several Towns of Gar-

stang, Bolton, Seorlou, Ell ell ', and other adjacent Towns, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, since the Duty of Two-thirds Subsidy has been taken off all foreign European Linen, such great Quantities have been imported into Great Britain, and sold at lower Prices, than the Linen Manufacturers here can possibly afford to fell at; whereby the Linen Trade (which is the ntoftconsiderable in the said County) is very much decayed, and the Petitioners very much impoverished, for want of Employment: And praying such Redress in the Premises, as to tire House shall seem meet, that the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain may (land, at least, upon an equal Foot with foreign Cloth, and that the Petitioners, who depend upon the said Trade, may get Subsistence (or themselves, and Families.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of the Reverend John London, Vicar of Ropfcy, Robert Cr an ft on, John Gilbert, John Bull, Tho. ‘ fi'arreuton, James Godwin, Robert Nutwood, on behalf of themselves, and others, the Tenants of the Manors of Bishop-futton and Ropley, in the County of Southampton, and other Inhabitants of the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, a Petition has lately been presented to the House by a few Tenants of the said Manors, complaining, that the Persons, appointed by Act of Parliament for dividing and inclosing of Ropley Commons, have made partial and unjust Allotments: That the Petitioners hope to make it appear, that the Allotments arc just; and that the Petitioners have been at great Expence fencing in the Shares allotted them; and that to repeal the said Act will be the Ruin of the Petitioners: And praying, that they may be heard before the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Soper,

Esquire, and others, is referred.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before them, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Rowlett be added to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for pv0U(1^lu Repair of the Highways from Pet to the Town of Patftmuth,

6 N Ordered,

r

ai° Februarii.

A. 1710.

Lave of ' Abfcuce.

Ordered, That Mr. Gale have Leave to go into the and if the Poor should be obliged to buy the new ones. Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. the Seller will set what Price they please upon them;

which will bring greater Hardships upon the poor Ma-Ordered, That the Lord Viscount Fermanagh have nufadturers, than they already undergo: And praying. Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for Reco- that they may not be hindered from failing their Wool

T*» ter son's Claims.

very of his Health.

A Petition of William Paterson, Esquire, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, notwithstanding the special Direction in an Act, of the First Session of Parliament of Great Britain, for the further directing on behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented I'imicU

Cards, as usually they have done.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Ships,

the Payment of the Equivalent Money, the Petitioner hath not hitherto been able to obtain Satisfaction of his Claim on the African and Indian Company in Scotland; yet the Moneys, out of which the Petitioner ought to have been paid, are for the most Part otherwise disposed of: And praying, that his Calc, in relation to the Equivalent Money, may be taken into Consideration, and he be relieved concerning the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Smith, Mr. Cunningham, Mr,

Oglethorpe, Mr. Chapman, Sir Wm. , Sir Tho.

Johnston, Mr. Child, Mr. , Sir Robert,

Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Witfon, Mr. Bromley, Sir John

Cope, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr.

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Choltnley, and all the

to the House, and read; letting forth, that there is a Bill "U*J-in the House, for repealing the Act, of the 3d and 4th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, so far as it relates to the prohibiting the Importation of French Wihes: That the Petitioners conceive, the passing of the said Bill will be very destructive to the Trade in general of these Nations, especially, in the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures, in our Fisheries, and Navigation: And praying, that they may be heard, before the said Bill do pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill (halt be read a Second time.

Mr. Ferrier reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act of the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act concerning the Affixes of Fewel) so far as it relates

A flit* of Billet.

Gentlemen, that serve for North Britain: And they are to the Assize of Billet, was committed; that they had

SurpJufage of Public Funds.

Collfftiotts oft Brie Is.

to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that (he will be pleased to give Directions, that an Account may be laid before this House, of what Sur-plufages, or unappropriated Money, hath been paid into the Exchequer in each Year, since her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Crown, and how much hath been applied in Aid of parliamentary Funds, or to other Uses.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make more effectual the Act, made in the 4th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better collecting Charity Moneys on Briefs by Letters Patents, and preventing Abuses in relation to such Charities; and that Sir Tho. Powell, Sir Robert Eden, and Mr. Laugh-arm, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Horses, &c. uferi by M goners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make more effectual the Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal aClause in an Act, of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with Six Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills; and that Mr.

Mr. Pocklington, and Sir Robert Davers, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of Ways and Means For raffing the Supply granted to her Majesty, that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England had given in to the Committee a Propofol, for making a Contract foransweringall Non-specie Exchequer Bills, and converting them into Specie, upon the Resolutions of this House, of the 16th of January last; and that the Committee had taken the same into Consideration, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them (with the said Proposal) in at the Clerk’s Table; where the said Resolutions were read; and the Proposal, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

V avK and Meins.

Importing W oul Cards.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled:

The Governor and Company of the Bank of England humbly propose,

That whereas, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the 7th Year of her Majesty’s Reign (among other things) for enlarging the capital Stock of the Bank of England, Exchequer Bills have been made out, and issued, to the’Amount of£. 2,500,000, for her Majesty’s Supply; and in pursuance of another Act, of the same Session of Parliament, made (among other things) for circulating a farther Sum in Exchequer Bills, and of an Act, made in the 8th Year of her Majesty’s setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, to prohibit Reign (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Ma-the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, and to prevent jesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for Abuses in making the same with old Card Wire: That the Service of the Year 1710) farther Exchequer Bills, to

the Amount of Four hundred thousand Pounds, have beenalfo made out, and issued, for her Majesty’s Supply: And whereas, in pursuance of the said Acts (over and above the said Bills, amounting to £.2,900,000, other better Work in white Cloth, mixt Cloth, Druggets, Exchequer Bills have been, and are to be, quarterly Flannels, Fustians, Felts,^nd other Manutadtures, of the issued, for the Payment of Interest upon the said Bills for coarser Sort of Wool, than new coarse Wool Cards; £2,900,000, and of an Allowance thereupon for Circula-20 tion,

Bank

Prop ohl

A Petition of the Clothiers of Bradford, in the County, of Wilts, and of other adjacent Places, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read;

the Petitioners have, Time out of Mind, used to fell their fineCard Wires (after they have used them in their Trade) to Persons, who new drd's them, and afterwards fell them to the Poor; which are found, by Experience, to make

9 Ann. si* Februarii.

5Ji

tion, until the Funds established by the said Acts, for Payment of the said Interest, and Allowance, should comntence, which Funds arc farther charged with a Sum of £.200,000 yearly, for the discharging and cancelling the said Bills; all which Bills by the said Acts arc made payable by the said Governor and Company at such Times only, as the same shall have passed through the Revenue into her Majesty’s Exchequer, and been thence re-issued in the Manner and Form therein prescribed, and not otherwise:

And whereas this honourable House on the 16th Day of "January lad came to the following Rclblutions s

" Rejoiced, That a Sutn, not exceeding 45,000

" per Annum, be granted to her Majesty, to enable her Majesty to contract for answering all Non-specie Ex-" chequer Bills, by exchanging them from time to time " for ready Money:

" Resolved\That the said annual Sum, not exceeding

" /. 45.000, be granted, and continued, until One " Million of the Principal upon all Exchequer Bills shall " be paid off, and the Bills for so much cancelled:" Now the said Governor and Company humbly pro-pole. that, in case asufficient Fund shall be granted to her Majesty, for the Payment of £. 45,000 per Annum to the said Governor and Company, by quarterly Payments, to commence from the Time to be agreed, for the Undertaking after-mentioned, until the 31st Day of July, 1714; and if a like Sum of£.45,000 per Annum, to commence and take Effect from the 31st of July, 1714, and to be also payable quarterly out of the Funds established by the said Acts, or some of them, f>r the Payment of the Intered.and Allowance, and fordilcharg-ing and cancelling the said Exchequer Bills, Hull (after the Payment of such Interest, and Allowance, and with Preference to the cancelling, or discharging, any of the said Bills) be appropriated and continued to the said Governor and Company, until such time, as all the said quarterly Exchequer Bills, made, or to be made, for Interest, or Allowance, as aforesaid, upon the said Bills for^f.2,900,000, together with a Million of the said Bills for 900,000, shall be paid, and cancelled, or until such time, as of the said Bills for £. 2,900,000, and quarterly Bills, taken together, there shall not be Handing out, and uncancelled, more than £. 1,900,000 in the Whole; they, the said Governor and Company, in Consideration thereof, for the publick Service, further than the Acts before-mentioned require, are willing to undertake, and be obliged, after such time, as shall hereafter be agreed with the Right honourable the loards Commissioners of her Majesty’s Treasury, to exchange for ready Money all such of the said Exchequer Bills, as from time to time, and at all times then after, shall be in the Hands of any Person or Persons, and be demanded of the said Governor and Company to be exchanged for ready Money, whether such Bills, or any of them, shall, or shall not, have pallid or hail a Currency in her Majesty’s Revenue, or Taxes: But the said Governor and Company humbly propol'e, that they may be impowered to contract and agree with any Persons, for advancing to the said Governor and Company, lrom time to time, such Sums, on such Terms, as they shall find necessary, for the more l'ecure making good tlvs Undertaking; and that they may have such other Chutes granted them, as may be reasonable, for the enabling them to perform the fame.

All which is humbly submitted, i£c.

By Order of the Governor and Company.

Jo. , Secretary.

NV ys Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ainl That a Sum, not exceeding £.1 $7,500, be granted to her Majesty, to make good the Payment of the yearly Sum of £. 45,000, mentioned in the Proposal of the Bank of England, now before this Committee, until the 31st of July, 1714.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That born the said 31st of July, 1714, out of the Funds ei'.ablished by Act of Parliament, for Payment of Interest, Vo 1.. id.

and Allowance, and for discharging, and cancelling, of the Exchequer Bills, made forth to the Amount of£. 2,900,000, '

principal Money, besides Interest, mentioned in the said Proposal, the like Sum of £. 45,000 shall (after the Payment of such Interest, and Allowance, and with Preference to the cancelling, or discharging, any the said Bills) be appropriated and continued to the said Governor and Company, until such time, as all the quarterly Exchequer Bills, made, or to be made, for the said Interest, or Allowance, together with a Million of the said principal Bills for £. 2,900,000 shall be paid, and cancelled, or until such time, as of the said Bills for£. 2,900,000, and quarterly Bills, taken together, there shall not be (landing out, and uncancelled, more than £.1,900,000 in the Whole, according to the said Proposal, subjeifl neverthe-lcfs to such Provisoes of Redemption, as are in the said former Acts of Parliament relating to the said Funds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Governor and Company, in Consideration thereof (for the publick Service, farther than the said Acts before mentioned do require) be obliged, according to the said Proposal, to exchange for ready Money all such of the said Exchequer Bills, as from time to time, and at all times, shall be in the Hands of any Person or Persons, and be demanded of the said Governor and Company in Exchange for ready Money, whether such Bills, or any of them, shall, or shall not, have passed or had a Currency in her Majesty’s Revenue, or Taxes.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Governor and Company be impowered to contract with any Persons, for advancing to them from time to time, such Sums, on such Terms, as they shall find necessary, for their more securely making good the said Undertaking.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " now before this Committee."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, (o amended. That a Sum, not exceeding £.157,500, be granted to her Majesty, to make good the Payment of the yearly Sum of £. 45,000, mentioned in the Propofd of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, until the 31st of July, 1714.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question leVerally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir 7'ho. Powys, Mr. Attorney'Genera/,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lowndes, and Mr. Gould, do prepare, and bring in, the (ante.

Mr. Conyers presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for confirming the Sale of the Estate of Estate. John Weston, Esquire, in the County of Surry, and dif-

charging it from the Demands of the Crown; and the same was received.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to reviving cer-consider farther of the Bill for reviving, continuing, and ta*a 0u"*3, appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be Exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Water-borne, and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for 32 Years, to raile £.1,500,000 by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Cochin it tee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the Encouragement of the malting of Sail-cloth in Great Britain.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

a i a 3°

1710.

Mr. Spealcer resumed the Chair. decay our Trade, and reduce great Numbers of People

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they to Beggary: And praying, that the said Ciaut'e may not had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed be enacted.

him to move, that the Committee may have Leave to fit That the Petition do lie upon the Table,

again. until the Bill to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Cards, and to prevent the Abuses in making the same next," resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, with old Card Wire, shall be read a Second time.

to consider farther of the said Bill.

<iraut'mgSite Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the of Exeter House, that Application having been made to her Majesty Cattle. t>y the Justices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen, of the County of Devon; her Majesty had been pleased to signify her Consent to the granting the Site of the Castle of Exeter, Part of the Duchy of , for Ninety-

nine Years, to the Justices of the Peace, and such others, as should be thought proper Trustees, for the Use and Benefit of the County of , reserving the same Rents, that were formerly paid for it; and that a Bill should be brought in for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable her Majesty to grant the Site of the Castle of Exeter, Part of the Duchy of , for Ninety-nine

A Petition of the Clothiers in and about the Town of Durjley, in the County of Gloucejl was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Bill depending in the House, to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, there isaClause, to prevent the felling of old Cards; which, if enacted, will occasion a great yearly Loss to the Petitioners, and advance the Price of Cloth, brought to Market, dearer than from other Parts: And praying the Consideration of the House, in relation to the said Clause.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Drugget-makers, Carders of Wool, in the Town of in the County of

Berks, and Places adjacent, together with many Thousands

Irnpoiiiiji W Ool Cuio>

Ditto.

I*ave of Absence.

We ft on’s Estate.

_r , T f -, t, r , ,of poor People employed in the Woollen Manufactory,

Years, to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, was presenterd to the House, and read. setting forth> the

for the time being, for the Use and Benefit of the said a Clause in the Bill dcpending in the Houses to prohibit County of Devon, reserving to her Majesty, her Heirs and the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, which prohibits successors, the ancient accustomed Rents, usually paid the fel]ingold Wool Cards, will exceedingly prejudice the

Woollen Manufactures in general, and deprive many Thousands of poor People of getting their Livelihoods; for that old Cards are much better than new ones, for working the coarser Sort of Cloth, and Druggets, as has been experienced; and, should the Use of old Cards be prohibited, the Demand of new ones would be so great, that the Card-makers (who are but a few) could not in any reasonable Time make sufficient to employ one Half of the Poor, who now use the old Cards; and the great Loss, the Clothiers, and others, must sustain thereby, will only serve to advance the Interest of a few Persons, Card-makers, and Wire-drawers: And praying, that the said Clause may not be enacted.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Drugget-makers, Yarn-makers, and others, employed in the Woollen Manu-S\RD E RED, That Mr. Guidot have Leave to go into fasture, in and near the Borough of Devizes, in the County the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting Occasions. forth, that a Bill being ordered to be brought into the

House, to prohibit the Importation of foreign Card Wires, A Bill for confirming the Sale of the Estate of John and to prevent the Abuses in making the same witii old

for the fame; and that Sir William Pole, Mr. Rolle, and Sir Wm. Drake, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tteeruh'mo Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning l.and forces, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Act for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1711.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

rovis, 2 20 Februarii;

Anno 90 Annae Regime, 1710. Prayers.

Ditto.

Weston, Esquire, in the County of Surrey, and discharging it from the Demands of the Crown, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importing

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, W ool Cauls. of f"er Majesty’s ancient Corporation of Westbury, as also of the Clothiers of the Town and Hundred of the fame, and Places adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Poor, employed in the carding of Wool, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the House having given Leave to bring in a

Card Wires, the Petitioners conceive, that, if the same should pass, it will greatly prejudice the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, and impoverifii great Numbers of poor People, employed therein: And praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Stroud-water, in the Diito. County of , and Parts adjacent, in behalf of

themselves, and several Thousands of Poor, employed in the carding of Wool, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Bill, depending in Bill to prevent the Abuses in making Wool Cards with the House, to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool old Card Wire, wherein there is a Clause, to prohibit the Cards, and to prevent Abuses in making the same with Sale of old Cards, the Petitioners conceive the said old Card Wire, there is a Clause, to prevent the felling Clause will be a Prejudice to the whole Woollen Manu- of old Wool Cards: That the Clause will be very pte-facture, a considerable Loss to the fine Clothier yearly, judicial to the whole Woollen Manufacture, and a great and the Drugget-makers, and others, making the coarser Hardship on the fine Clothiers, to be hindered from felling Manufactures, deprived of buying the old Cards (which their old Cards to the Makers of Druggets, Kersies, Pen-are better for their Work, than new Cards) of the Clothiers, neftons, Swanlkins, and other the coarler Sorts of Woollen and will be only advantageous to the Card-makers, Wire- Cloths, which are much better for that Purpose, than drawers, and Proprietors of Wire Works, who, by so new Cards; and the Clothiers yearly Loss, and the other great an increale of Trade in a few Hands, will railc Inconveniences, will be only advantageous to a few Card-their Cards, and Wire, to what Price they please, and makers. Wire-drawers, and Proprietors of Wire, who not keep up to their former Goodness, which will aug- may raise their Cards to what Price they please, and there-meni the Charge in making all Sorts of Cloth, debase its by augment the Charge of making Cloth, arid caulc the principal Parts, discourage its Sale at Home, Foreigners French and Dutch to underfeil us Abroad, and beggar undersell us Abroad, fink lower the Price of our Wool, a great Number of poor People, who now get a good

Livelihood

p Ann,

Livelihood: And praying, that the said Clause may not be enacted.

Ordered \That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Hill shall be read a Second time.

Importing A Petition of the Clothiers, Carders of Wool, and VudI Cards. others, employed in the Woollen Alanufa&ory of Read-

ing, in the County of B, in the behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of Poor, employed in the said Ma-mjfacture, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that, lliouid the Bill, now depending in the House, to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, and to prevent the Abuses of making the same with old Card Wire, wherein there is a Clause, to prohibit the felling old Wool Cards, pass into a Law, it will be very prejudicial to every Branch of the Woollen Manufaiflurc, and bepgar the poor Carders, who now buy old Cards, at 3d. a Pair, of the fine Clothiers, after they have done with them, and cannot buy new Cards, of the Card-makers, under Seven Groats a Pair, and (if the said Claul'e pass) may raise them to what Price they plcale; and the poor Carders, being uled to work with old Cards, will find it very difficult to bring the new Cards to work, without f'poiling them, of which there has been many Instances, by the repeated Attempts of the Card-makers, to bring their new Cards in L ie, to the debating of their Cloth, and Druggets: And praying, that the said Clause may be left out of the said Biii.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

Ditto. A Petition of the Clothiers of , and

Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and Clothiers of the whole Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in a Bill depending in the House, to prevent Abuses in the making Wool Cards with old Card Wires, there is a Clause to prohibit the felling of old Wool Cards: That the line Clothiers of England cannot work down their Wool Cards so, as to make them ulelels, without Prejudice to the Cloth itself. but to the Clothier’s deputation, both at Home and Abroad: That afterwards they fell their Cards, for a confulembic Share of the full Cost, lor other interior Sorts of the Woollen Manufactures, as Flannels, Stockings, 1 lats. Rug5, tsV. by Which many Thou funds are employed, to the general Good of the Kingdom: That, should the said Clause pass, it will be in the Power of the Card-makers to im-pose what Prices they pi case for their Cards; and ’tis a Question, whether t lie re be Hands enough /killed to make good Cards; so that they will not only be dearer, but worse, and so a double Damage to the Clothier; and consequently ail Sorts of the Woollen Manufacture muff advance in Price; so that foreign Maikets will be able to underfed us, or else the Clothier be a great Loler at Home; and such is the Scarcity of Trade already, that lew Clothiers are able to supply their Poor with Work, in any tolerable Degree; and this wiil be a farther Hard-ship, to hinder them from making the most of their own Goods, bought, and paid for: And praying, that the said Clause may not be enacted.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

Ditto. A Petition of the Clothiers at and Villages adjacent, in the County of Somerset, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of poor People, employed in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Clause in a Bill depending in the House, to prohibit the felling of old Wool Cards: That the Petitioners, already labouring under great Difficulties in Trade, are iurprized, that lb inconsiderable a Number of People, as the Card-makers are, should attempt to lay a farther Weight upon the Cloihiers, to the utter Destruction of the whole Woollen Manufacture, to hinder the Clothier from felling his old Wool Cards, and deprive thecoarfe Clothier from buying a cheap Commodity, that will in all respects equal the new, only that the Card-makers may impose on the Clothiers what Price they will, for their new Cards: And Vol. 1G.

513

praying, that the said Clause (the heaviest Stroke the Clothiers were ever threatened with) may not be enacted.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Importing of the Corporation of Tatlnton, in the County of Somer- Woq1 Card*. set, and of other Inhabitants of the said Corporation, that are chiefly concerned in the Clothing Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that many Wool-card-makers do put the Wires of old Cards into new Leather, and Boards, and fell the same to the Carders of Wool; who having been too long used to such Cards, the Wires being weak, and easy to be wrought by the Carder, they will not be brought from using them, though they arc utterly unfit for the well carding of Wool, to the great Damage of the Clothing Trade in general: And praying, that the Bill in the House, to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, and to prevent the Abuses in making the same with old Card Wire, may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Stroud-water, and the Ditto: Parts adjacent, in the County of G, in behalf of themselves, and others of the same Trade, was presented to the House, and read , setting forth, that the uling of old Wool Cards is become a common Practice, by the putting old Wire into new Leather, and on new Boards, and felling them, contrary to Law, to the great Damage in the well making of Cloth, the old Wire being too weak for the well carding of Wool: That the Petitioners are much cheated and abused by hawking Fellows, who corrupt their Work-people with supplying them with old Cards, which occasions them to dispose of the new Cards, put into their Hands by the Petitioners: And praying, that the Bill, depending in the House, to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, and to prevent the Abuses in making the same with old Card Wire, may pass into a L-aw.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Whitdey, and Parts ad- Ditto, jacent, in the County of Oxon, in behalf of themselves, and others of the same Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the 149 Year of King Charles the 2d, an Act passed, to prohibit the putting the old Wire of Wool Cards into new Leather, and on new Boards; yet now ’tis become a common Practice, and to sell the same, though they are unfit for the well carding of Wool, the Wires being weak, to the great Prejudice of the Woollen Manufactures j and, though the Petitioners supply their Work-people with good Wool Cards, yet they frequently buy old Cards, and therewith card the Wool very ill, and fell the Petitioners good Cards: And praying, that the Bill now depending in the House, to prohihit the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, and to prevent the Abuses in making the same with old Card Wire, may pass.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers of , and Parts ^iUo

adjacent, in the County of Gloucejl, in behalf of themselves, and others of the same Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that using of old Wool Cards is a great Damage to the well making of Cloth, the Wire of old Cards being too weak for the well carding of Wool: That the felling old Wool Cards gives Encouragement to evade the Law, which prohibits the putting old Wire into new Leather, and on new Boards, which is now become a common Practice; whereby the Petitioners are abused by hawking Fellows, who supply their Work-people with old Cards, which occasions them to dispose of the new ones, put into their Hands by the Petitioners; so that they are not only cheated of their new Cards, but also damnified in making their Goth: And praying, that the Bill, depending in the

6 0 House,

a 2° Februarii.

Linen

Manufacture.

Army

Debt.

5H

22° Februarii.

A’ 1710.

tloufe, to prevent Abuses in the making Wool Cards with old Card Wire, may pass.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Merchants, and principal Traders, as also of several Weavers, Flax Dressers, Whitlters, Spinsters, Winders, and others, concerned in the Linen Manufacture, within the several Towns of Liverpool,

Mr. Manley, Mr. Snell, Mr. Page, Mr. , Mr.

Herne, Lord Bulkley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

Poole

Writ.

Prescott, Ormijkirk, Aughton, and other adjacent Towns, for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, in in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of them- the room of John Ridge, Esquire, expelled this House selves, and many others, concerned in the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, since the Duty, called, the Two-third Subsidy, was taken off all foreign European Linen, such great Quantities thereof have been imported into Great Britain, and sold at lower Prices, than what they can be afforded For here, that our Linen Manufacture Trade is thereby much lessened, and in Danger to be loft, and great

The House being informed, that Colonel personm

(who is in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending Custody »l-this House) is summoned as a necessary Witness in a lowet*to Clause, to be tried this Day at Guild-ball, between the xriaL °na Lord Forbes, and Sir Wm. Forbes;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, have Liberty to attend the Trial of the said

Numbers of Families, who formerly lived in good Re- Cause with the said Colonel Chartris in his Custody. pute, are reduced to very great Straits: And praying, that such Provision may be made, that the Linen Manufacture of Great Britain may, at least, stand upon an equal Foot with foreign Cloth.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of Sir Wm. Foivnes, Knight, Ephraim Dawson, and Wm. Hamms, Esquire, and John Savage,

A Complaint being made to this House, that there are Privilege — several Actions at Law brought upon Matters complained Actions at of in a Petition, depending before this House, relating to the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall;

The Statute of 7th and 8th of King William (for preventing false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament) and also the said Petition, were read;

Ordered, That the said Complaint be referred to the

der the Officers Hands for about £ 100,000, besides about £. 150,000, for which they could get no Bills, by reason of the frequent Marches of the Army, but made Affidavits of this Debt; and the Commissioners appointed to state the Accounts between the Country and Army, de-

Gentleman, in behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds Committee of Privileges and Elections j and that they of the Inhabitants of Ireland Creditors in the Years do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame,

1690 and 1691 to the Army, then on the Establ.ffiment with their qpinion therein, to the House. ot England, for above £. 100,000, which was actually deducted from the Army in England in the Year 1700, or The House being informed, that the Commissioners Abuses ia

thereabouts, was presented to the House, and read; set- of the Victualing attended (according to Order) they V.etuahi.g ting forth, that, in Obedience to two Proclamations, the were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House *pai aie Petitioners did subsist the said Army, and took Bills un- their Representation, upon the Report, made by the-

..... Committee, appointed to examine the Abuses complained

of in the Victualing.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the Representation was read.

__________ ^___ Ordered, That the said Representation do lie upon the

ducted from each Troop, and Company, what appeared Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. due to the Country upon the signed Bills, and what to Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who the Army, and signed such Accounts, which were after- were to enquire into the Abuses of the Victualing, be wards, transmitted from Ireland to the Paymaster in taken into farther Consideration on Tuesday Morning England, who had Power to deduct from the Army what next; and that all Persons, who were ordered to attend was due to the Petitioners, and they expected to have had this Day, do then attend this House.

Debentures, as was given to the Army by the Commissioners of Account for the Army; but the Commissioners told the Petitioners^they could not grant them Certificates, of her

all Trade and Commerce with,) so far as it relates to the prohibiting the Importation of French Wines, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of several Merchants, and

Ksr

in order to have Debentures, because the Petitioners Debts were placed in the Side of Payments to, and deducted from, the Regiments; but, if they could get them placed in the Side of the Debts, due to the Army, then they would grant Certificates; which the Petitioners could never get done, and are still without their Money: That, if some. means be not now provided, to pay the Petitioners what was deducted from the Army, many Hundreds of Families rnuft. for ever remain miserable, their Creditors only forbearing to imprisoa them, in hopes

The Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill for repealing the Act, of the 3d and 4th Years Importing her Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for prohibiting pfencl1

of daily Payment: And praying, that the Matter may Owners of Ships, on behalf of themselves, and many

be considered, in order to the Petitioners Relief touching the said Money.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fuleration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Campion, Mr.

Lord Barrymore, Mr. Foley, Major General Ecclin, Mr. /'eiyis, Mr. Ship-pen, Lord lVindfor, M.t. Child, Mr. Cleve~

land, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Fovones, Mr. Heysham, Mr.

Philips, Sir 1'ho. ManfeU, Mr. Sir Rich.

Mr. Windsor, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Freman, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Gott, Sir IVm. IVythers, Mr. Cater, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Robarles, Mr. Burslem,

others (which was ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill was read a Second time) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon, if they think fit.

The House proceeded in the farther Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the Shire ot Dumfrieze.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded in their Objections to the Voters for the Petitioner particularly as to John Grierson; touching whom Counsel on both Sides were heard:

And being withdrawn;

And

Dumfries

Llectioa.

9 Ann. 2 2° — 230

And the Question being put. That be-

ing infcoft of an Estate, redeemable, upon Payment of a Role iSJoble, had a Right to vote in the Election of a Commissioner for the Shire of Dumfreize;

It pafl'cd in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Kesolution.

And the Petitioner’s Counsel proceeded in their Objections against other of the Voters for the fitting Member, and as to Abraham who married an

Heircls; touching whom the Counsel on both Sides were heard:

And being withdrawn;

And the Question being put, That Abraham Creyton (being the Husband of an apparent Heircls, who was not infcoft) had a Right to vote in the Election of a Commissioner for the Shire of Dumfricze;

It pafl'cd in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

After which, the Counsel were heard upon the whole Matter.

And then they withdrew.

And the Question being put, That IVm. , of

Lag, Esquire, is duly eleited a Commissioner, to serve in this piclent Parliament for the Shire It pallid in the Negative.

Resolved, That the honourable James Esquire,

is duly elected a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this Iloule Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Shire of Dumfreizeby rating out the Name of William Grierson, of Lag, Esquire, and inserting the Name of the honourable James , Esquire, inltcad

thereof.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

Mmhm The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Art Qualification for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to lit in the House of Commons, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Prtferration Ordered, That the Bill for continuing the Art, of the of Uwut. Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Prelcr-vation of the Came) and for making the same more eil'cdual, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Wigtown Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Shire Election. of Wigtown be heard at the Bar of this House on Tuesday Morning next.

PaterWs Ordered, That Mr. 1!nr ley, Mr. Mr.

Claims. Foley, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Mr.

Colonel Stanley, Mr. Rebar tes, Mr. Sir Geo. New-

land, Mr. Vincent, Colonel Mr. Blackmcre, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr. John fen, Mr.

Farrer, Mr. Moor, Mr. heysham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of H Rater]on, Esquire,

is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 230 Fclruarii;

Anno 90 Anna; Regime, 1710.

Prayers.

QRDER.E D, That Mr. Letcbmere have Leave to go enct* 'n the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

You. 16.

Februarii. 515

A Petition of Thomas Bennet Esquire, Philip Salt- Saltmarfhe’s marjhe, Esquire, and Ann, his Wife, and William - Eftale‘ marshe, Son, and Heir apparent, of the said Philip Saltmarsh, by the said Anne (an Infant) by the said Philip Saltmarjht, his Father, and Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; (etting forth, that Mary, the late Wife of the Petitioner Bennet, and the Petitioner Ann, were all the Daughters, and Coheirs, of Wm.

Esquire, deceased, and, as such, were seised of an Estate of Inheritance in the Counties of , Doifet,

and Nottingham: That, upon their Marriages, Settlements were made on them, and their Issue; since which Philip Saltmarfhe hath contracted l'om Debts; and both the Petitioners Tho. and Philip have Issue, who are Infants; and all Parties have thought it necessary, and are come to an Agreement for a Partition, and Exchange, of the Premisses in the Counties of Nottingham and Dor-Jet: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of the said Philip Salt-marjbe, for Payment of his Debt?, and also for confirming the said Agreement for a Partition, and Exchange, of other Part of his Estate in the Counties of Nottingham and

, C>

Dorset aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Serjeant Webb and Mr. Guidon do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Winfianley presented to the House (according to Skeflingtm/s Order) a Bill for Sale of Timber upon the Estate of Estate. Thomas Skejfington, Esquire, an Infant, for Payment of his Father’s Debts; and the same was received, and read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and others, st. Mary Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Mary Woolnoth, London, Waolnoih adjoining to her Majesty’s Post-Office General in Lum- Church. bard Street, was presented to the House, and read; let-

ting forth, that the said Church was burnt down in the File of London, in 1666: That several Arts were made, for rebuilding the said City, and 51 Churches, whereof this was One; but for the more expeditious afienibiing the Inhabitants, only the North Side was rebuilt, and the East Ei d, West End, South Side, and Tower, of the said Church, are now so ruinous, and weak, that, from the Danger of their falling, the Inhabitants are afraid to go to Church; and to neiv-huild it will cost/)5,000 by Estimate: That in 1706 this House added a C/ause, in the Petitioners Favour, to the Bill for finiftiing St.

Paul’s; but by rcalbn of Amendments, made by the Lords, that Bill did not pass: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several others Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and others, poor Parishioners there, is referred.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Middleton have Leave to leave of go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Mr. Serjeant Webb presented to the House (according writs of to Order) a Bill for rendering the Proceedings upon Mandamus ’

Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a Quo warranto, more speedy and effectual, and for the ’ arraB °* more easy trying, and determining, the Rights of Officers in Corporations and Boroughs; and the same was received.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Recruiting whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Art for re- Land Forces, cruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1711.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr,

516 23" — 240 Februarii. 1710.

Mr. Spencer resumed the Chair.

Mr. Granville reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

G rawing Sit* Sir William Pole presented to the House (according to

bf Exeter Order) a Bill to enable her Majesty to grant the Site of Castle. the Castle of Exon (Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall) for Ninety-nine Years, for the Use and Benefit of the County of Devon j and the same was received.

Ways and Means.

Dumfries* fteturn amended.

Palatines.

y

Supply Bill 1 reviving certain Duties.

Pi efervation of Game.

Committees.

Army

Debt.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Clerk of the Crown attended ;and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Shire of Dum-frieze.

Mr. Finch reported from the Committee, who were appointed to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Britain, and for main* taining them here, and by whom paid, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Seven-night.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confidet farther of the Bill for reviving, continuing, and appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Waterborne, and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for Thirty-two Years, to raise £ 1,500,000by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to explain what is Culm.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing the Act of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) and for making the same more effectual, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Hanmer, Sir John Pack'tngton, Mr. Levington, Sir Hen. Bunbw, Mr. Henry, Sir Roger

Mofiyn, Major General Pearce, Mr. Shaker/y, Mr. Har-

pur, Mr. Strickland, General Ross, Sir John Thor old, Mr. Moor, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Monroe, Mr. Manley, Mr. Mead, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Webb, Mr. Erie, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Wm. Fozvnes, Knight, Ephraim Dawson, Esquire, in behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds of the Inhabitants of Ireland, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 24.0 die Februarii;

Anno 9* Annse Reginas, 1710.

Prayers.

ABIL L to enable her Majesty to grant the Site df GrantingSits the Castle of Exon (Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwaltj of Exeter for Ninety-nine Years, for the Use and Benefit of the a County of Devon, was read the First time.

Resolved,^That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Denzill Onslow have Leave to go of

into the Country for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Jeffreyes have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Banks have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Dr. Adams be desired to preach before pr Adam| this House at St. Margaret's, Westmi, upon the 8th topre/choa Day of March next, being the Day, on which her Majesty March, begad her happy Reign, and appointed to be observed with Thanksgiving; and that Mr. Dr. Pajke,

and Mr. Skippen, do acquaint him therewith.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr/

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker*

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Mathew, Sale of such Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Mathew, Eftat*. late of Peter/ham, in the County of Surrey, Gentleman, deceased, as will be sufficient to discharge his Debts and Legacies, thereon charged byhis last Will and Testament, and for settling the Remainder thereof to the Ufee in the said Will mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Bishop of for discharging John Lord Bishop of Rapko, in the King- Rapho’s dom of Ireland, from all Penalties, Disabilities, and Incapacities, incurred by him, in omitting to take the Oath of Abjuration on or before the First Day of August, 170 j* and for making all eccefiastical and civil Acts done by him, as Bishop oi.Rapbo, after such Omission, to be of the same Validity, as they would have been, if he had taken the said Oath in due time; to Which the Lcfrds desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Malet’sPebt Act for rectifying a Mistake, and enlarging the Time for a to the Croon. Composition, given by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to compound with Wm. Malet, Esquire, for the Debt of his Father, for whom he was Surety, while Receiver General for the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir George Beaumont reported from the Committee, to Palmer’s whom the Bill for confirming a Lease of One-and- Estate. twenty Years, made by Jeffery Palmer, Esquire, and others, of Lands in Carleton Curliew, in the County of Leicester, for Payment of the Debts of the said Jeffery Palmer, Esquire, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-fents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table} where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question fevetally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered,

s'Cai

m

kuc

Li

p Ann. z 40 Februarii. 517

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Itnarsh’s Mr. Serjeant IVebbpresented to the House (according ti'uie. (0 Order) a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Philip Saltmarjke, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, and laying out the Surplus in other Purchases, and also for confirming an Agreement for a Partition, Division, and Exchange, of the other Part of his Estate in the Counties of Nottingham and and the fame

was received.

reftrvation A Bill for continuing the Act, of the 5th Year of her of Gam*. Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) and for making the same more effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr ford, Sir Edward Tumor, Mr. , Mr. Fr.man,

Lord Downes, Mr. Plumtree, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Chomley, Mr. North, Sir Robert Mr.

Foley, Lord Powlet, Mr. , Sir Hen. Bunbury,

Mr. Richmond, Mr. Shakerly, Mr. , Mr. Godier, Sir Jo. Er/hin, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. , Mr. Philips,

Mr. fVindfor, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Stewart, Mr. /tar-court, Mr. Bilson, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir fVm. Pole, Mr. Hart, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Granville, Sir John Mordaunt: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider the Act, of the Eleventh Year of King Henry the 7th, intituled, The Forfeiture *' for taking of Pheasants or Partridges, or Eggs of Hawks or Swans," in order to make the Bill for the Prelcrva-tion of the Game, more eifedlual.

Weller’* Mr. Medlicot presented to the House (according to

kfUu. Order) a Bill for veiling the Mar, or of Bucljleep, and

several Lands in Snssex, the Estate of Jcjeph Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and applying the surplus Moneys to certain Uses and Trusts therein mentioned; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until such Content shall be declared.

Mr. Granville (according to Order) reported from the Recruiting

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to con- f®rcM tinue the Act for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1711, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, (with an Amendment to One of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, To exempt Seamen, and seafaring Men, out of the Intent of this Service.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, that their Answer to Address, of the 15th Instant, having been presented to Addr, ffe*-her Majesty, That Ihe would be pleased to give Directions to her Majesty’s Attorney General, to prosecute John Ridge, Esquire, for the Frauds and Abuses, mentioned in the Resolution of this House of that Day; her Majesty hath been pleased to give Directions to her Attorney General accordingly.

Mr. Secretary St. John also acquainted the House, that Ditto, their Addrefe, of the 21st Instant, having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be pleased to give Directions, that an Account may be laid before this House, of what Surplusages, or unappropriated Money, hath been paid into the Exchequer in each Year, since her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Crown, and how much hath been applied in Aid of Parliamentary Funds, or to other Uses; her Majesty had given Directions to the proper Officers, to lay the same before this House accordingly.

Public Sir Simeon Stuart presented to the House (according Account*, to Order) a Bid for taking, examining, and Hating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning.

A Petition of Francis, Lord Viscount Mountagu, was Mountagu’* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the tftaie. Petitioner’s Brother, being seised of divers Manors and Lands in SuJJtx and Surrey, in 1688 conveyed the same to Henry Arundell, Richard , and John Esquires,

and their Heirs, in Trust, to fell the Premisses, to pay his and his Father’s Debts, and upon other Trusts; and Part of the Premisses were fold accordingly: That the Petitioner’s Brother dying without IiTue, the Premisses defeended to the Petitioner: That Richard dying, the said Estate survived in Henry Arundell, and John Caryll-, and John Caryll, being in France, (lands attainted of High Treason, whereby his Estate in the Premisses is vested in her Majesty; so that the Trusts, provided for, cannot be so conveniently executed, as if they were in a common Person: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling tn the said Henry Arundell, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Trust in the Estate of the Petitioner, which is now vested in her Majesty, (he having given her Consent, that a Bill for that Purpose should be brought in.

And the Petition declaring, that her Majesty had been pleased to declare her Consent, that a Bill for that Purpose should be brought in, but the Person, to whom such Consent was declared, being absent;

Vol. 16.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the Oakhampton hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Efe&fen. Oakkampton, in the County of Devon, upon the Petition of Chrtftopher Hasn't, Esquire, and others.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition was read; and also the Charter, and By-laws, of the Borough; and the Counsel on both Sides heard:

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the Right of electing Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Oakkampton, in the County of Devon, is in the Freeholders, and Freemen, being made free according to the Charter, and By-laws, of the said Borough.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Bribery at ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Elettion*. mittee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the CockermomU Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of , Eic&ion.

be heard at the Bar of this House on Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

6 P

Leave of Absence.

Saltmarfti’s

Estate.

Wellers

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Lord

Cullen's

Estate.

s*

a6° Februam.

A. 1710.

Luries, 26* die Februarii;

Anno 9* Annae Reginae, 1710. Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Serjeant Webb have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan have Leave to go into

narfke, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, and laying out the Surplus in other PurchaseS, and also for confirming an Agreement for a Partition, Division, and Exchange, of other Part of his Estate in the Counties of Nottingham and , was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that an Officer of the Custom-house attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar,

D"

p.i:

the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa- presented to the House (according to Order) An Account "ons* of the Original Securities of Richard Merchant,

Ordered, That Mr. Cox have Leave to go into the deceased.

Parke’s

Securities.

Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Philip

Amd then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read. And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

Times when they became bound.

1692

1698

1698

1*97

16991

1700

1701 )

Edward ‘Tregenna, for the Sum of -

Died in Jamaica, worth nothing. This Security was taken by Mr. , then Collector of the Duty.

Joseph Dash, for the Sum of- -

Gone to V'trginea many Years ago, in mean Circumstances.

Tho. Nevill, for the Sum of -

Could never be heard of, nor any Estate, or Effects, to be found.

Isaac Hancock, for the Sum of -

Under Age, when he became bound.

William Holloway, for the Sum of -

Lived and died in very poor Circumstances.

£ s. d.

8 63 — —

VO 12 8

580 16 6

231 16 10

7,586 7 7

Gen

All the aforesaid Securities (except Tregenna) were taken by Mr. Henry then Collector of the Plantation Duty; which said Mr. Woljienholm was dismissed from his Employment in 1702, for taking these and other bad Securities.

Note. The same Account, as above, was laid before the House of Lords, upon passing the former Bill to impower the then Lord Treasurer to compound with the said Parke.

Feb. 26*, 1 7tt*

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Bill for veiling the Manor of and several

J. Bridges.

to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lowndes acquainted the House, that a Petition of Lord the Lord Viscount Mountagu having been presented to Moumagn’i her Majesty, that she would please to give her Consent, Estate*

Lands in Sussex, the Estate of Joseph Weller, Esquire, in that a Bill might be brought in, for transferring the Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances Interest, which was veiled in John Esquire, as a

thereon, and applying the surplus Moneys to certain Uses Trullee, and is now veiled in her Majesty, by his Attain-

and Trulls therein mentioned, was read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Colonel Egerton have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Bracebridge have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Birch have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for enabling Charles, Lord Viscount Cullen, to fell the Manor and Advowson of the Church of Elmef-thorp, in the County of Leicester, for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Rickard Leving, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Harpur,

Mr. Onslow, Colonel Lee, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Gery, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Winington,

Mr. Heme, Mr. Shakerly, Mr. Ward, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Southill, in the County of Bedford, according to his Win, England, Mr. Crojfe, Colonel Stevens, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. was read the Third time.

BurJlem, Mr. Chomley, Mr. Cotes, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill do pase.

Berkley, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Snell, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Go//, Mr. Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden do carry the Bill to the Chapman; and all, that serve for the Counties of Leicester, Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Warwick, Derby, Stafford, and Nottingham: And they are to the fame, without any Amendment.

der, unto Henry Arundell, Esquire, the other surviving Trullee, and his Heirs; and her Majesty having referred the said Petition to the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they having referred the same to her Majesty’s Attorney General, and he having reported, that it is reasonable and just, for her Majesty to consent to such a Bill, Mr. Caryll being only a Trullee} upon that Report her Majesty had commanded, that her Pleasure should be signified to this House, that her Majesty, upon hearing the said Report of her Attorney General, doth content, that such a Bill may be brought in.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition of the said Lord Viscount Mountagu (presented' to this House on Saturday last) which was ordered to lie upon the Table, till her Majesty’s Consent bad been declared? and that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Onslow, and Sir Roger Mostyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, late of Sir Monoux, Basonet, deceased, in Broome, and the Parish of

Monoux’s

Estate.

fa

u

A Petition

9 Ann.

a 6° — 2 70

'9

Dennefton's

]).lcov«ry of iYuuib*

A Petition of Edward Dennefton Was prfcfented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1700 the Petitioner was general Surveyor of Excite, and having Reason to suspect, some clandestine Practices were used at the Queen’s Brew house at St. Katharine's (in 14 Months time, by keeping Men upon the River, and a strict Survey on the Brewhouse)did discover notorious Frauds, amounting (by a modest Computation) to the yearly Loss of £. 50,000, which Frauds were fully proved before a Committee of the House of Commons in 1701; for which Services the House voted, that the Petitioner should be rewarded: That, notwithstanding his great Fatigue, and Expence of several hundred Pounds, he has not received any Reward, but cteated to himself a great many Enemies: And praying, that, in Confederation of the Matters aforesaid, the House will order him such Reward, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Granville do ckrry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence thereunto-.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mofri- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means, House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Order being reid, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill; into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther reviving cer* of the Bill for reviving, continuing, and appropriating, tam

Gun-maker*.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, until the Report from the Committee, who were appoint- and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Water-borne and ed to enquire into the Abuses of the Victualing, is to be carried Coastwise, and for granting further Duties upon taken into Confident ion. Candles, for 3a Years, to raise 1,500,000 by way of

r % $ n.t,r j , _ , a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711;

A Petition of the NIafter, Wardens, and Company of Ordered, That the Committee have Power to receive Gun-makers, o the City of Lon ton, was P- vRated to the & Clause) for Relief of such pCTronSj have negltaed

U m % m . iLw 4* M a 1 m k t t a i i It t K «1 f r% m mm /N A K A Llxl f 1 # # ^ 0

to bring tn, and prove, their Benefit Lottery tickets tti due Time, upon the Act for the Lottery latt Year.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, that they do consider of the lessening the Duties upon Ailom exported.

Ordered, That the said Committee have also Power to receive a Clause, to indemnify such Persons, as have iit-

JH ouse, and read; fettine forth, ihat in 1706 the Peti tioners exhibited their Petition to this House, complaining, that great Quantities of Arms for the Soldiers in En^lish Pay, were bought up in contrary to an Act of Parliament, when the Petitioners, their Journeymen, and Apprentices, had nothing to do; and thereupon the House addressed her Majesty, who was pleated

to give a gracious and uvourab.e Answer; and the Peti- currcj Penalties for making Mold Candles in their private

A a r- a r» ex M f \ , r\ 1» # /A 11 < t I . m k . 11 I f \ . 1 I r \ I \ A I a /X w A r\ i ... — — - -

Varntion of Sent by accepting Office.

tioners were in hopes to have found tome Relict, and, that they might be more serviceable to the Government upon any fu elen Occasion, laid out tome I housand Pounds in their Trades; yet the same Practices arc continued, the Officers llill buying their Arms abroad, inso much that the Petitioners have n <t furnillied one tingle Regiment with Horse Arms since her \laj city’s Accession to the I hronc, io that many can’t get Bread lor their Families, and others are gone into foreign Parts for Work, where they meet with better Encouragement, than here; whereby this Manufacture is in danger to be loll, winch may be of dangerous Con lee) in nee to this Nation: And praying tuch Red rets in the Premise-, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed. That Sir John Anjlrntfur (a Member of this Hcutc) is, by the Death of his Father, lately bee mie intitled to an Office in , of heri-

table Right, and that, before he accepts the said Office, he desires to lav the Charters of his Title thereto, before this House, in order to know their Opinion, whether the said Office is of such a Nature, as will, by his Acceptance thereof, incapacitate him from fitting in this House.

Ordered, That the said Matter be taken into Confi* deration upon this Day Month.

Families, contrary to the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for laying Duties upon Candles.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 27° die Februarii \ Anno 9* Ann® Regin®, 1710. Prayers.

Public

Account*.

Recruiting

A PET IT ION ofher Majesty’s justices of the Peace, Woollen, &c, and other Gentlemen, in the Counties of Stafford, Mumfa&utei, Warwick, and Worcester, in behalf of many thousand A Bill for taking, examining, and Rating, the pub- Persons, employed in working the Iron, Woollen, and lick Accounts of the Kingdom, was (according to Order) other Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read the First time. read; setting forth, that the Statute, made in the 5th

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. 'Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual pre-

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon venting the Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in Thursday Morning next. the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and

Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom, beingexpired, feve-An ingrossed Bill to continue the Act for recruiting ral Persons, that employed the Poor in working those Land Forces, her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service Manufactures, have used mischievous Practices, in forc-of the Year 1711, was read the Third time. ing Goods upon them, instead of Money for their Wages,

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be which, when they have offered to Sale for Bread for their offered to the Bill, That Soldiers be obliged to wear their Families, would not yield half the Value they took ’em Regimental Cloathes. at; and not only tends to beggar the poor Labourer, but

And the same was twice read, and, by Leave of the has occasioned tumultuous Riots in those Parts, which House, withdrawn. may be of dangerous Conference, if some effectual Me-

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title be, thod be not speedily taken, to prevent the like Practices An Act to continue the Act for recruiting her Majesty’s for the future: And praying, that Leave may be given Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year to bring in a Bill for remedying the said Difordevs, as the *711. House shall think fit.

Vol. 16.

L.

5^0 2j° Februarii. A. 1710.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving, and continuing, the said Act; and that Mr.

Pagit, the Lord Compton, and Sir John Mordaunt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importing A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, Wool Cards, of the incorporate Company of Clothiers, in

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill brought into the House, to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, and to prevent the Abuses in making the same with old Card Wires: That the passing such a Bill will be of evil Consequence to the Petitioners Trade, and the poor Manufactures; for to hinder the felling their old Cards, and advance the Price of new ones, must be a very sensible Damage to them: And praying, that they may not be hindered from felling their old Cards, as formerly.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

Devon Sir Wm. foie reported from the Committee, to whom

pThr^t ir ^Ie Bill for ratifying Purchases, lately made with the lc ’ publick Stock of the County of Devon, and for making farther Purchases, for the Use of the said County, with the publick Stock thereof, and also for regulating, and better Employment of, the publick Stock of the said County, was committed} that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same In his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petersfield to Sir Simeon Stuart presented to the House (according to Portsmouth Order) a Bill for repairing the Highways from the loads. Sheet-bridge in the Parish of Petersfield, to the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton', and the same was received.

Tine Mr. Wrightion presented to the House (according to Navigation. Order) a Bill for making the River Tine navigable from the Village of Newbourn, and Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, or to any other Places between the said Village of Newbourn, and Town of Hexham; and the same was received.

Privilege — A Petition of Lieutenant Colonel Francis Charteris, in a Person in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, tufont^for*" was Presentcri to the House, and read; setting forth, that Discharge. the Petitioner is under the greatest Concern, and very sorry, for his having given any Displeasure to the House; and humbly begs Pardon for his Offence: And praying, to be discharged out of Custody, not only his own, but several other Persons, Concerns being greatly prejudiced by his Conlinement.

Ordered, That Colonel Charteris be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

St. Maiy a Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and In' Church0*1 habitants, of St. Mary Le Strand, in the County o* Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that formerly the said Parish had a good Stone Church, with a Church-yard, and other Appurtenances, which in 1549, or thereabouts, were quite demolished by Edward Seymour, then Duke of Somerset, to make way for his building the House now called house, the Materials of the Church being used in building that Palace; by which Means the Inhabitants of that Parish have never since had any Church, or Chapel, for Divine Service, and are not only destitute of a Church, but also of Ground, fit for a Church, and Church-yard: And praying, that their same may be considered, and effectually provided for.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

lideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, is referred.

A Petition of several Parishioners, in behalf of them- Deptford selves, and many Thousands, poor Inhabitants, of the Church. Parish of Deptford, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1697 the Petitioners were obliged to pull down their Parish Church, it being irreparable, and build a new Church by a voluntary Contribution, as well as a Pound Rate, which very much added to the yearly Charge of the Poor (who are very numerous) which proved a great Burthen to moll of the Inhabitants; and yet the old Steeple was untouched, though it is so weak, that ’tis in danger of falling and thereby may destroy great Part of the Church; yet the Petitioners have done all they are able, to support it: That this Parish, as near as they can judge, conlifts of Eleven or 12,000 Souls, who cannot polfibly be accommodated in one Church, to hear Divine Service; for want of which, they fear, many have wholly neglected all publick Worship on the Lord’s Day, and others, who would gladly join with the established Church, re-lort to the Assemblies of Separatists, Three whereof are constantly held in the said Parish: That the Inhabitants are unable to make a better Provision, the much greater Part of them being subsisted by the Sea Service, and the Town of late Years has been sensibly impoverished by great Numbers of their destitute Widows, and Orphans, and by the Calamities of an expensive War: And praying, that they may be allowed £. 6,000, or what the House shall think fit, for rebuilding their old Steeple, and building another convenient Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, is referred.

APetition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and others, st. Botolph the Inhabitants of St. Botolph without London, without

was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that Alder^ate in the late dreadful Fire of London, in 1666, the said C urc ' Parish Church took Fire, but by the Industry of the Inhabitants was saved, though very much damnified thereby; and by the Negligence of the then principal Inhabitants, who before had lived in the principal Streets of the City, and intended to return thither again, so soon as Houses could be built for them, the said Church was not inserted in the Act for rebuilding the City of London, and the Churches, burnt and damnified by the said Fire: That, the said Church is now become so weak, and ruinous, that, though the Parishioners have been at great Charges to prop up the Walls, the Inhabitants are in Danger it will fall on their Heads, when they go to Church, and there is a Necessity of rebuilding the same; which they are unable to do, without some publick Assistance: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, is referred;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for, he Yea^ ' }

Tellers for, he }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Petition of Thomas Lewis, Eliz. Jordan, Owen Army

Griffith, Elizabeth Mackay, and Thomas Joy, in behalf Debts

of the Company, late Captain Moodyes, in her Majesty’s Regiment of Foot, commanded by Sir John Gibjon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Company (about 12 Years since) was sent to Newfoundland,

kjoogie

9 Ann. 27" Februarii. 521

fomtdland, where they suffered very great Hardships for Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Nine Years, and then were relieved by a Company of Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine Colonel Pafton's Regiment, and Captain Moody, and his the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

Company, were brought to Plymouth, from whence the And it is referred to Sir Richard Leving, Sir Tho.

Captain ordered Five Persons to come to London, to Wroth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Amefley, Lord solicit for the Company’s Pay; and thereupon £.8 3 9. for. Wm. Pow, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Smith,

was paid to Mr. John Thurston, Agent to the said Regi- Mr. John Sir Gilbert Mr. Vernon, Mr.

ment, by Mr. How, the Paymaster of her Majesty’s Cleavtand, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Ward, Serjeant Hooper,

Forces, on the tad of December, 1708: That the said Mr. Berners, Mr. Wyld, Mr. Gery, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Five Persons, returning to Plymouth, impowered the Hungerford, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Mr.

Petitioners, by Letter of Attorney, to receive the Pay, Rolle, Mr. Ireton, Mr. York, Mr. Manley, Mr. Elf ord,

due to them; and the Company, being afterwards in- Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Strickland, Colonel Mcreton, Sir

corporated into Pafton's Regiment, was lent into Spain, Wm. Drake, Lord Castle Comer, Sir Tho. Travell, Mr.

where it now is: That the said Agent refused to pay the G'.vym, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Petitioners, but offered them Twelve Pence in the Pound, Mr. Smithson, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Herne-, and all, that if they would give him a Receipt for the Whole; and serve for the Counties of and And they

they, thinking it unreasonable, brought their Action in are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the the Marshalsea Court; but Thurston hath removed it Speaker’s Chamber; and all, that come, are to have

into a superiorCourt, where the Petitioners are unable to Voices: And they have Power to fend for Persons, follow it, for want of Money: And praying, that the Papers, and Records.

said Thurston may be obliged to pay the rcl'pedive Sums, A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Importing the Petitioners are empowered to receive; and that he Council, of the City of Exon, together with the Mer- lria*Yara* may return the rclidue of the Money to the Pay Office, chants, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, tUl the Men of the said Company, or their Friends, come therein, was presented to the House, and read; setting to receive the lame; or that the Company be otherwise forth, that the Poor thereabouts are mostly subsisted by relieved. the working Parts in the Woollen Manufactures; but

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the those Means of Subsistence arc almost loft to them, by Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine reason of the great Quantity of Irish Yarn, constantly the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House. imported into this Kingdom, and (from the Cheapness And it is referred to Mr. Laufon, Sir Richard Onslow, of Wool, and Provisions, in Ireland) when so imported,

Mr. Bristow, Mr. Medlicot, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Is fold much under tht Price the Petitioners can make Harley, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Carneage, it for; so that the Poor, for want of Employment, are Mr. Roumey, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Campion, Mr. Blanch, become so numerous, that, without speedy Redress, they Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Anneftty, Mr. England, will require a greater Supply, than the Lands and Trades Mr. Conyers, Mr. Gale, Mr. Roll, Sir Nicholas Mcrice, of those Parts can possibly afford them: That Worded Mr. Smithson, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Robinson, Sir Robert Bay or Woollen Yam, are by Law prohibited to be

Eden, Mr. Goring, Sir John Stonehouse, Sir Gilbert exported into any other Parts, than England; but the Elliot, Mr. Finch, Sir John Trevision, Mr. Smith, Mr. Book of Rates taking no Notice of any Duty on Irish

Herne, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. York, Mr. Bayly, Mr. Worded Yarn, the same is entered under the Denomi-Freman, Mr. Powlet, Mr. Evelyn: And they are to nation of Bay or Woollen Yam only, though ’tis of meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s double the Value, and pay no additional Duty: And Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, praying such feasonable Relief in the Premises, as the and Records. House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Wetter A Petition of the Inhabitants of Northtoich, Frodsham, Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition litigation. and other Parts, in the County of Chester, was presented of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, as also of to the House, and read; fating forth, that the River the Merchants, Serge-nvakers, Fullers, Worsted-combers,

Weaver, in the said County, seems very capable of being and others, the Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of made navigable from North'.vich to Frodsham Bridge; Tiverton, is referred, and that the Petitioners conceive, if the said River were A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Ditt*. made navigable, it would not only be an Advantage to of the Corporation of in the County of Somerfot,

the neighbouring Country, but to the Nation: And and of the Merchants, Clothiers, Serge-makers, Dyers, praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Fullers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture making the River Weaver navigable. in and near the said Town, was presented to the House,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, and read; setting forth, that many thousand Families according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that receive their daily Subsistence from the Woollen Manu-Sir Thomas JohnfiH and Mr. Cleaveland do prepare, and failures; but by the Decay of Trade in those Parts, bring in, the fame. occasioned by the Importation of great Quantities of Irish

Yam, and fold much cheaper, than it can possibly be made Importing’ A Petition of the Mayor, capital EuTgcffes, and here, great Numbers of Poor are thereby out of Work,

Irish Y aru. Assistants, as also of the Merchants, Serge-makers, Fullers, and, unless this Evil be speedily remedied, they must

Worsted-combers, and others, the Inhabitants, of the become a Charge to their respective Parishes: And pray-Town and Parish of Tiverton, was presented to the ing, that the House will apply such a proper Remedy, as House, and read; setting forth, that the Woollen Manu- may prevent this growing Mischief for the future, facture hath been declining for divers Years, not only by Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Hazards in its Exportat ion, and the Interruption of Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Trade in general meets with in foreign Parts, but also by the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, as also of the Means of the great Quantities of Worsted and Woollen Merchants, Serge-makers, Fullers, Worsted-combers,

Yarn, yearly imported from Ireland at a cheaper Rate, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of than they can possibly be made for here; which, if not Tiverton, is referred, prevented, will deprive that Part of the Country of great

Numbers of working People, and remove them to Inland, Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Hooper have Leave to go Leave of fink the Value of Lands, and multiply the Poor, when into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary AWen«. there is no Work, to maintain them: And praying, that Occasions. such Measures may be taken, as the House thall think

most expedient, to prevent this growing Evil from their A Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Africa* Neighbours, and Fellow-subjects, in Ireland. Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Company.

Vql. 16. tj(^ Support

Leave of Absence*

t)un(lable to

Hockley

Roads.

Assize of Billet.

Abuses in \ situating Department.

til 170 Februam. A. 1710.

Support and carrying on that Trade, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that the said Company, considering, the said Trade was in danger of being loft to the Nation, that they had sustained great Losses, and lay under various Obstructions in Trade, applied to their Creditors, to unite with them, and incorporate their Debts into Stock; and yet a much greater Stock being necessary to carry on that Trade, they thought fit to invite all Persons to join with them by a general Subscription, upon a moderate Valuation of their respective Interests; but yet the Petitioners, though joined, are of Opinion, that their Stock, so united, will still be ineffectual to preserve and carry on the Trade, for the Honourand Interest of the Nation, and the Plantations, unless they could enjoy the same by Act of Parliament, and the Company’s Charter be confirmed by Parliament They therefore pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to unite all the Adventurers, and Creditors, of the Royal African Company, and the Subscribers, into one joint Stock, and to confirm to them the Charter of the said Company.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Trade do lay before this House, their Observations, and the Reports they have made since the lift Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That Mr. Nevidigate have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highways between and

in the County of Bedford; and that Mr. Chapman and Mr. Farrer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act concerning the Assize of Fcwel) so far as it relates to the Assize of Billet, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

The House resumed the farther Consideration of the Report from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the Abuses of the Victualing.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. # Dixon, Brewer at Portsmouth, is guilty of great Frauds and Abuses, in having contiacted to furnish 2,704 Tuns of Beer for the last Year’s Service, in Partnership with Mr. Ridge, and receiving Bills for the Whole, when he had delivered but 1,269 Tuns.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. Player, another Brewer at Portis guilty of great Frauds and Abuses, in having contracted to furnish 7,724 Tuns of Beer for the last Year’s Service, and receiving Bills for the Whole, when he had delivered but 4,164 Tuns.

Resolved', That it appears to this House, That Mr. Bolfe, a Brewer at Harwich, is guilty of great Frauds and Abuses, in having contracted to furnish 2,782 Tuns of Beer for the last Year’s Service, and receiving Bills for the Whole, when He had delivered but 1,102 Tuns.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. Best, a Brewer at Chatham, is guilty of great Frauds and Abuses, in having contracted to furnish 455 Tuns of Beer for the last Year’s Service, and receiving Bills for the Whole, when he had delivered but 331 Tuns.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. Tyhurst, a Brewer of Rochester, is guilty of great Frauds and Abuses, in having contracted to furnish 883 Tuns of Beer for the last Year’s Service, and receiving Bills for the Whole, when he had delivered but 126 Tuns.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. Kelly, a Brewer of Deal, is guilty of great Frauds and Abuses, in having contracted to furnish 1,424 Tuns of Beer, for the last Year’s Service, and receiving Bills for the Whole, when he had delivered but 202 Tuns.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will please to give Directions to her Attorney General, to prosecute the said Mr. Dixon, Mr. Player, Mr. Rolf, Mr. Best, Mr. Thurst, and Mr. Kelly, for the said Frauds and Abuses.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Captaia Whitehall, Agent Victualer at Dover, is guilty of a great Misdemeanor, in dispensing with Mr. Kelly's {wearing to the Affidavits for Delivery of Beer, and in being privy to the Frauds and Abuses, committed by the said Mr. Kelly.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr. Wilkins, Agent Victualler at Portsmouth, is guilty of a great Misdemeanor, in certifying the Delivery of much greater Quantities of Beer, than were delivered.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Stephen Moxley, Servant at the Hartjhornt Brewhouse, is guilty ot a great Crime, in being privy to the embezzling great Quantities of Beer, and Calks.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Mr< Horfington, Under Clerk at the Hartfhorne Brewhouse, is guilty of a great Misdemeanor, in giving Mr. a Certificate, to defraud the Queen of 25 Tuns of Beer.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Noah Overing, Mailer Brewer, Bernard Goddard, deceased, late Clerk of the Brewhouse, and Thomas James, Clerk of the Check at the Hartfhorne Brewhouse, have been guilty of very great Misdemeanors, in Agoing Certificates for great Quantities of Malt, and Hops, which were neither answerable to the Sample, nor fit for Use.

Then the Representation of the Commissioners of Victualing, which they had delivered in, upon the said ' Report from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the Abuses of the Victualing, was read, and is at followeth; viz.

THE Commissioners of the Victualing having been favoured with a Copy of the Report, made to the honourable House of Commons by the Committee, appointed to examine the Abuses, complained of in the Victualing, do humbly take Leave to represent to the honourable House, as followeth:

As to the disposing of her Majesty’s Beer, brewed at the Hartfhorne Brewhouse, to Merchants Ships, &c.

That it is probable, the petty Warrant Beer, brewed there for the Service of her Majesty’s Ships in ordinary,-or while refitting at Deptford, Woolwich, tftc. may forae-times have been sold by the Officers belonging to the said Ships, such as Boatswains, Gunners, IBc. who, having the Opportunity of being for the moll Part on Shore, may have deferred taking up their Allowance of Beer, till it has amounted to a Quantity, and then, upoaa Warrant from the Clerk of the Check, specifying the exait Quantity due to them, they have received the fame, and, being their own, may have conceived themselves impowered to dispose of it, as they thought fit; but as for the Sea Beer, they have not discovered the Sale of any, except in One Instance, about Five Months ago, which was done under the Colour of petty Warrant Beer; but, being found to be otherwise, the Person concerned was turned our for it, though the Quantity did not exceed Four Hogsheads.

[As to the ilfuing Sea Beer instead of petty Warrant, and permitting old Calk to be returned instead of new:

[] Tlit following Paragraphs of this Representation, which art included in Crochets, being omitted in the Journal, are supplied from the Original.

That

9 Akn.

270 Februarii.

523

That, when any Information of Abuses, either in the Brewhouse, or Cooperage, or other Parts of the Victualing, have come before the said Commissioners, they have strictly examined thereinto, and punished the fame, as they would have these Matters, if they had come to their Knowlege: Particularly, Mr. John was turned out from being Matter Cooper on the 30th of October, 1706, for Abuses in the Cooperage; Mr. Peter Crisp on the 24th December, 1707, from being Clerk of the Brew-

house, for taking Money from Brewers under Contract; Mr. John Kroger, Matter Brewer, the 12th January,

u The Cooper tells us, it was brewed in the Middle Abuse* in of July lad, being hot Weather. Victualling

Ebwzcr tViU, D,p"U",’t

" Hen. Rayne,

Jof. Nutt,

"Ambr. Page,

« M. IValraven."

As to Mr. Warren* Information of bad Malt being uled at the Hartjborne Brewhouse:

The First, and only time, the said Warren made any Application on that Account, was about the 18th of

1707, for being concerned with the Contractors in felling last, when he petitioned the Commissioners, that

Malt to the Office; John 'Bacon, Cooper, and Charles he might have Leave to acquaint them, when he observ-Cunduit, Tun-man, at the Hartjhorne Brewhouse, on the cd any Malt there, not fit for the Service: The Com-19th July, 1710, upon an Information of their being missioners thereupon immediately called for him, and privy to the Officers of the Ordinary filling petty War- likewise the Three Officers, charged with the Inspectioa rant Beer, and delivering Four Hogsheads of Sea Beer of the Receipt of Malt; and the Account, the said Warren instead of petty Warrant. had then given, was, That a Parcel of bad Malt, whereof

As to Mr. Horjxngton'% Information, that no Accounts he produced Samples, had (ome time before been re-were made up: ceived at the said Brewhouse: But, upon the Board's

It mutt be contetted, that the Storekeepers in general throughly examining into the whole Matter, it did ap-were not in so regular a Method of accounting before the pear to them, that the Malt, complained of, was used, First of January, 1707, as they have been since, there and that not above Five or Six Quarters of that Sort was having been from that Time a due Charge kept on each revetved into the Stores, for that the aforesaid Officers, of them, in order to their accounting for the Whole of discovering the same to be inferior to the Sample, (lopped what should be committed to their Care: the Receipt of any more; so that the Commissioners were

That Mr. Bar nord Goddard, who was Clerk of the not able to make any great Advantage of this Informa* Brewhouse for near Three Years pad (to whom Mr. tion: However, that the said Warren might be encou-Hers.’rton was Clerk) was very negligent in making up raged to acquaint them, when there were any Abuses of his Accounts, though frequently called upon by ihe Com- this Kind, they commended him for his Care, and upon missioners; for which Reason they would (had he lived) that Occasion gave ftnd Orders to the said Officers at have dismissed him fmm that Employment; but he being the Board, to be very careful in the Receipt of Malt, so but very lately dead, his Securities will be called on, as none might be received, but what was good, and fit to pafi his Accounts; li me Part of which are now for the Service, under F.xamination, and the Whole will be patted, so soon as the current Service of the V iCluahng will admit; and if any thing shall appear to be due to her Majesty, on the Balance, his Securities will be called upon

(or it.

As to the Beer brewed at the H<:rtJl:orneBrewhouse,

turned out at the Bung:

It will appear by the following Representation, and Survey (to which the Commissioners pray Leave to be referred; that the licer therein mentioned, did not prove

As to Mr. Overing, the Mr. Brewer at the Hartjborne Brewhouse, refuting often to sign Certificates for Malt, and I lops:

That the Commissioners cannot remember, Mr. Ove-

ring ever refused to sign any Certificate for Malt, or lh.ps, except One for the latter, which he particularly intlances. and which same is as follows:

1 he Commissioners on the loth of April last bought of Mr. John Beal Sixteen Bags of Hops, at 50 s. per Hundred Weight, which, though not lo fine in all re-deft clive from the Badncis of the Malt, or Hops, but sped , as some other Samples, then produced, yet being

m being brewed in the hot Weather.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Barnard Goddard-, Clerk the Bicwhouse, to the C< mmiffmners of the

adjudged by Mr. Overing, and the Clerk of the Brew-

h use, to be fit for the Service, and being much lower in Price, than the others, induced the Board to buy them; For Seven of the said Bags a Certificate was signed by all the Officers, without Objection; and for the other Nine Bags a Certificate was signed by Two of the Officers, Beer, or thereabouts, which I humbly conceive not fit that they were answerable to Sample; but Mr. Overing to be issued: That may not put the Government to demurred to the signing the reot: However, this did not extraordinary Charge of unnecctVary Freights, nor dif- come to the Commissioners Knowlege, till the Hops appoint her Majesty’s Ships of War, 1 pray, that aSur- were shipped off, for Supply rf her Majesty’s Stores at

or

Yiduahr.g, dated the 4th of September, 1710.

" These are humbly to certify this honourable Board, that we have now at the Hartjhorne Eighty Tuns of

" vey may be ordered for the farce. 1 am,

Copy ot a Letter from the Commissioners of the Vidualing to Five Town Brewers, delirir.g them to iurvey the said Beer.

" Gentlemen,

" We desire, you will be pleased forthwith to survey * the Beer within mentioned, at the lirew-

house, and report to us, how you find it; and, if it

Plymouth, and the Vessels failed; yet the Commissioners reiuled Beal a Bill for them, until the 2 3th of August fallowing, at which time Mr. Overing himself owned*

those Hops were actually worth, ready Money, what the Commissioners were to pay for them m the Course of the Office, which, for the Nine Bags, amounted in the Whole but to £. 61. 155.3d. and, as a farther Confirmation of the fame, the Commissioners were obliged to give, *l appears to be defective, that you will represent to us Six Days afterwards, £.6. 8 s. per Hun red Weight, for * what you conceive to be the llealon of its Deleft. brown Hops, that Commodity was so much rfen.

" Victualing Office, 4 Sept. 1710. The Commissioners do own, that Mr Overing has

" To Mr. A mb) oje Page, complained of Malt, and Hops, that nave been tendered

Mr. Ebcnezer Wild,

" Mt. Nutt,

" Mr. IValraven, and " Mr. Paynet."

Copy of the Report of the said Town Brewers.

" Porfmnt -to the above-mentioned Desire, we have carctully surveyed Sixty-six Buts ot Beer at ihe Harlfborne Brewhouse, and find it fox’d, or thinking, and

to be delivued, and that the fime has been thereupon rejected; as also, that their other Officers have done the like *, but they cannot admit of what ne alleges to be Faff, as to their ordering Malt, or Heps, to be received, that he complained of, unless in the following Cafe, in which they do not conceive, they acted any way to the Prejudice of the Service:

The afith of October last, Mr. Benjam. Weather by (who

" not fit for Men to drink; as Witness out Hands this was under Contract lot Malt) complained to the Com4-th Sept. 1710. missioners

You. 10.

Abuses in Vidtaaling Department.

524

fi oners, that the Officers had flopped the Receipt of a Parcel of Malt, which he had brought to the Brewhouse, as not being answerable to Sample: The Officers were examined thereupon, who owned that to be the Objection; but Mr. Weatherbyat the same time proposing to fend

in One hundred Quarters of Malt as much better, as that was worle, than the Sample; in regard thereto, and that there was little Malt in the Stores, so that the Brew-fioule must have flood ttill at a time, when the Service was daily calling for Beer, and the Credit of the Office being very low, the Bills then discounting at upwards of £. 40 per Cent, and notwithstanding the Invitations given

for Persons to come to the Office, to serve her Majesty with Malt, none coming besidesMr. Weatherly (but Mr. Keeling, whole Sample was rejected) the Commissioners did direct the Receipt thereof5 and Mr. Overing has since acquainted the Commissioners, that One Guile of Beer, which was brewed intirely of that Malt, was as good, as any brewed at the said Brewhouse; and that all the Beer, brewed with that Parcel, was issued without any manner of Complaint j as also, that Mr. Weather by did, in a few Days after, fend in One hundred Quarters of better Malt, according to his Promise.

To which the Commissioners of the Vidualing crave Leave to add, that as they have been as careful, as possible, in making Contracts, to buy by good and proper Samples, and to have their Officers present, to inspect the said Samples, as well as themselves; so they have not been wanting from time to time to give the strictest Injunctions, to fee, that what they received was in all respects answerable thereto; so far have they been from encouraging any ill Practices in that, or any other Part of the Business under their Management.

As to their putting a Stop to Mr. s Bill of

near £.400 and afterwards delivering it:

That Mr Overing, about the Month 1705,

contracted with the Commissioners to brew about 300 Tuns of Beer on a pressing Occasion, and at a time, when, (in regard to the hot Weather) other Brewers declined the Service: Part of the said Beer was cad in Two Months afterwards by a Survey, taken pursuant to an Order from Captain John Price, Commander of her Majesty’s Ship the Somerset, and Commander in chief of her Majesty’s Ships at Spithead, and in Portsmouth Harbour, dated the 25th Sept. 1705; which Survey runs thus:

" We, whole Names are under-written, have accordingly been on board of the ‘Thomas and Mary and " Plough Hoys, and there taken a strict and careful Surveyof the Beer, said to be (linking; and do find on " board the former 56 Buts, and the latter 80 Buts, all " brackilh, and do believe that to be the Occasion of its " (linking, and not fit for Men to drink; as Waned our " Hands this 26th Sept. 1705.

" John,

" D. Bartelett,

" James

Upon which the Board for some time detained his Bill of £. 379. is. 11 d. in the Office, endeavouring thereby to bring him to make Satisfaction to her Majesty; which he refilled to do, and petitioned the Lord High Treasurer, setting forth, that the foie Occasion of the De-fed was the Brackifliness of the Water, proceeding from the very dry Summer, which then happened: Which appearing to be Fact, and that he was not under any Warranty for the said Beer, the Commissioners were of opinion, that they could not detain his Bill any longer, and therefore took off the Stop they had put thereon; and his Bill was delivered, with an Abatement of ^.52. 10 s. for Beer, that was warranted by him, and cad by Survey.

The Commissioners, having also received Intimation, that Mr. Overing could discover some Abuses in their Office, wrote him the following Letter;

" Mr. Overing,

" Having received Information, that you can discover " some Abuses relating to this Office, we ctcfire, you will

1710.

" let us fee you here Tomorrow Morning, at Nine " a Clock, and yog shall meet with all due Encouragement. We are, i£c.

Victualing Office, l.o December, 1707."

Upon which he came to the Office, and made such Discoveries of Abuses in the HartJb Brewhouse, as that Mr. Peter CriJp, the Clerk, and Mr. John Kroger, Matter Brewer, were dismissed; but the said Overing was not sent for on account of his Bill, but purely to be made use of in these Discoveries, though at the same time his Bill was delivered him, with the said Abatement, for the Reasons before-mentioned.

As to the Contract Brewers, at London, giving the Purlers Money instead of Beer, and disposing of the Calk:

That the said Commissioners are wholly ignorant of an such Practice, as that of giving the Pursers Money instead of Beer, their Injunctions to their Officers being, to deliver all in Kind; which they had reason to think had been always complied with, having received no Intimation, or Complaint, to the contrary, at any time, from any of the Commanders of her Majesty’s Ships, who, by their Handing Instructions, are to take care to fee, that all the Provisions, ordered for their Ships, are brought on board in Kind: And as to the Brewers difi poling ofhei Majesty’s Calk, the following Rules will shew the Care, that hath been taken, to prevent that likewise:

" Saturday, the 23d of December, 1704.

Mr. Cole, Mutter " Mr. Cole is directed to let Mr. Cri/p Cooper. " know fYoiii time to time, what Calk

" he fends to the Town Brewers respectively; and Mr.

Mr. c.;>, clerk " CriJp to give a weekly Account to the of the Brrwi.ouie. u pu:!rc]> ilow the same is complied with;

" and Mr. CriJp is also to balance the Account of the " Calk with the Brewers, on Clole of their Con trad."

" Friday, 12th of D 1707.

Ordered, That for the future, when Beer is sent to " any of her Majesty’s Ships from her Majesty’s Brewhouse, or the Brewers under Contract, the Hoymen, or " Lightermen, who carry the fame, are constantly to " take Receipts from the Pursers, or Stewards, wherein " not on'y the Quantity of Beer, but the Marks on all " the Calks, is 10 be inserted; and Mr. CriJp is directed " not to give a Certificate to any Brewer under Contract,

" until the Hoyman, or Lighterman, who carried the " fame, has produced such a Receipt; a Copy whereof,

" attested by Mr. CriJp,is to be brought to the Office " with every Certificate, before a Bill is to be made out;

Mr. siephn*. " and that Mr. CriJp, in his Certificate to

C erk of the " Mr. Stephens for the Beer delivered to

K*’ "each Ship, do express the Mailer and " Hoy’s Name, by which the same was sent, mentioning " the Quantity each of them delivered: and no Bill to " be made out for the Freight of any Beer, until a Copy " of the Purler or Steward’s Receipt, expressing the " Quantity, and Marks on the Calk, be produced."

Nor have the Brewers more Calk sent to them, that in Proportion to the Beer they are under Contract to brew and it was the Business of the Clerk of the Brewhouse (as is mentioned before) to adjust the Account of Calk with the Brewers, at the End of their Contracts, and give Notice thereof to the Mailer Cooper, for fetching what should not be used, away; who, being found to have neglected this, and some other Parts of his Duty, was dilmified, as was represented before.

As to Money being given to Purlers by the Contractors at Portsmouth, and other Out-ports, in lieu of Beer:

That such Practices have never appeared to the said Commissioners, by any Intimations from the Commanders of her Majesty’s Ship-, or otherwise, though, for preventing such Abuses, Ifipresentations have been made to the Lord High Admiral of the Want of Storehouses, and other Conveniences, at the several Ports.

But l’uch Conveniences being not to be had, the Commissioners gave to their Agents, and Store-keepers, at the

j 9 Out-ports

27° Februarii.

Frl r/

Wv

Urn

iii-.f

*1?

F»r1 of

Frrkshire’s

Estate.

Earl of Pliumutl) Eft ate.

Wigtown

JLWiouij.

Arrears of Taxes.

9 Ann. 270 — 28° 525

Out-ports, for preventing such Abuses, the following Instructions:

" And you are not to nuke out a Bill for Beer, delivered by the Contratfl Brewers, till a Receipt is produced " from the Purler, or Steward of the Ship, to whom " the same was delivered, expressing the Quantity of " Beer received, and Mark of the Calk, Ship’s Name, and Time, when delivered; the said Mr. not to have any Bill, or Allowance, for Freight, till he produces such a Certificate."

Which, together with that Article of the Captain’s In-flructions which d re6ts their seeing all the Provisions brought on board in kind, mull needs, if complied with, have prevented such ill Practices.

And it is humbly hoped, that what the said Commissioners have humbly offered on this Occasion, will give Satisfaction to this honourable House, that they have been far from knowing of, and farther from either fufler-ing, or permitting, any such Abuses.

Dated at the Victualing Office, the 19th *7 if.

Tho. Colby, ll. Vincent, Ken.

TJ10.Harlow, Tho. Here, Reynold.

granted by Parliament, in whose Hands they are, and what has been the Occasion of such Arrears.

And then the House adjourned dll Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii2 8° die Februarii;

Anno 9* Ann* Reginse, 1710.

Praters.

A BILL for repairing the Highways from Sheet- Petersfield to XX bridge, in the Parish of Peter Afield, to the Town of Pwifmouth

Portsmouth, in the County of Southam, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for making the River fine navigable from the Tine Village of Newboum, in the County of Northumberland, Navigation, to the Town of Hexham, in the said County, or to any other Places between the said Village of Neivbourn and the Town of Hexham, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, T\ws\. it appears to this House, That the Commissioners for the victualing of her Majesty’s Navy, have been guilty of great Negligence and Remiffnels in their Duty; and that the Lofi, the Publick has sustained by the many Frauds and Abuses, that have been committed in the victualing of her Majesty’s Navy, has been chiefly occasioned by a notorious Mismanagement in that Office.

RefJved, That it appears to this House, That the said F auds and Abuses have been one great Occasion of the heavy Debt, that lies upon the Navy.

RJo/vid, That the PerK.ns, who have been instru-ircrtai in discovering the said Frauds and Abuses, have Well deleaved her Majestyb Reward and Encouragement.

Otdered, That the He; at fr- in the Committee, appointed toenquire into t! e Frauds and Abuses, committed in the victualing of her Ma'eflv’s Navy, with the Rclolu-tions and Orders of this House thereupon, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing thereof; and that no other Person prdume to print the lame.

A MelTiigc from the Lords, by Mr. Hie cocks, and Mr.

Feiloives;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Reverjly, and other Lands, in the Cou ty of Lincoln, the Ellate of Henry Bowes, Earl of Ee'kjl ire, and to let tie other Lands in the County of Stafford, to the same L ies; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to vetl die Manor, or reputed Manor, of kVadborough, alias U \idberrow, in the County of , and other

Lands there, which came to the Right honourable Other Earl of Vlimouth, by his Mother, in Trustees, to be sold,

for railing more Money, to pay off Debts, charged upon his paternal Ellate, and for other Purposes; to which they desire tire Concu-rence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to enable her Majesty to grant the Site of the Chanting Castle of Exon (Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall) for plte "j,

Ninety-nine Years, for the Use and Benefit of the County of Devon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir IVm. role, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Courtenay, Lord Sir

Edmund Bacon, Mr. England, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr,

Bull eel, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Manley, Sir Robert Eden,

Mr. Berkley, Mr. Cholndey, Mr. Lambart, Mr. Lamb:on,

Mr. IV)Id, Mr. Freman, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Walpole,

Sir Jacob Bank s, Mr. Strangivayes, Mr. Robartes, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Powlet, Mr. Finch, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Randyll, Mr. Smith, Sir Richard; and all,

that lerve lor the Counties of Devon, Dorset, Somerset, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for confirming the Sale of the Ellate of John Wedon'# . Weston, Esquire, in the County of Surrey, and dischargi.tg Estate. it from the Demands of the Crown, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Tho. Powys, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Scobell, Sir Rich. Hoar, Dr. Hutton, Lord IVm. Powlet, Sir John Walter, Mr. Nicholas,

Mr. Sharp, Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr.

Powlett, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gott, Mr. Lamb ton, Mr. Worthy, Mr. Finch, Mr. Randy ll, Mr. Low t her, Mr.

Sir Rich.Leving, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Baily,

Sir Artb. Kay, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. , Mr. Ver-

non and all, that lerve for the Counties of Surrey, and Sussex, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. OnJIozo presented to the House, (according to Or- Lord der) a Bill for vesting in Henry A Esquire, and M?unt*g°’* his Heirs, the Trull in the Ellate of the Lord Viscount Mountagu, which is veiled in her Majesty by the Attainder of John Caryll, Esquire, for high Treason; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Shire of Wigtown (that was appointed to be heard this Day) be heard at the Bar of this House on Lhurfday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Parker, Mr. Erie, General Ecllin, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Codrington, be added to the Committee, appointed to consider of the Arrears of Taxes, Vol. 16.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absenc*.

Ordered, That the Bill for rendering the Proceedings Writs of upon Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Na- Mandamus turc of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual, and yvarraato for the more easy trying and determining* the Rights of Officers in Corporations and Boroughs, be read Tomorrow Morning.

6 R Mr.

28* Februarii. A. 1710.

Sapply Bill; Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the

uin D*«ie*r* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, and appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Water-borne, and carried Coast-wife, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for Thirty-two Yejirs, to raise £. 1,500,000, by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read. —

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. Qrltbar:

Mr. Speaker,

Recruiting The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Forces. f0 continue the Act for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1711, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; Then the House proceeded in the Consideration of the reviving cer- said Report of the Bill for reviving, continuing, and ap-tain Duties, propriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Waterborne, and carried Coast-wife, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for 32 Years, to raise £. 1,500,000 by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill (as far as Clause E) were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were (with Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House. ——

Royal A (Tent A Message from her Majesty, by Sir William to Bills. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Afifent to the several publick and private Bills following -, viz.

An Act to continue the Acts for recruiting her Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1711:

An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to lit in the House of Commons:

An Act for rectifying the Mistake, and enlarging the Time for a Composition, given by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, to compound with Wm. Males, Esquire, for the Debt of his Father, for whom he was Surety, while Receiver General of the County of Somerset, and City of Bristol:

An Act for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, late of Sir Philip Monoux, Baronet, deceased, in Broome, and Parish of Southill. in the County of according to his Will.

Supply Bill- Then the House proceeded in the farther Conli-reviving w. deration of the Report of the Bill for reviving, continuing, tain Duties, and appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Water-homeland carried Coast-wife, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for 32 Years, to raise £. 1,500,000 by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711.

Clause E, being read a Second time, That Iron, or Steel, imported, and afterwards exported, shall not have any Drawback of the Duties on Importation thereof;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

MctsforthcY^"'. >6,.

Telle* for the N }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the said Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were (with Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for suppressing all Lotteries, set up contrary to the Act of io* Willielmi 3".

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, against Insurances on Marriages, Births, Christenings, and Services.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, # *

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to ,the

Clause, by adding, after the Word these Words,

And the Question being put, That the said Words be inserted;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Ycas,)JJj; } 45-

Tellers for the Noes }♦.

So it wafe resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was amended accordingly, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to lessen the Duties on Lead exported.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Granville presented to the House, An Account of some extraordinary Charges of the War, not yet provided for by Parliament, as far as they have been hitherto adjusted.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as followeth j viz.

FOR the extraordinary Allowance of Forage for Five Regiments of Dragoons in North Britain, from the 23d Day of Febr. 1709, to the 22nd Day of December, 1710, pursuant to her Majesty’s £. s. Warrant ----- 5,680 3 1

For the Pay of the Lord Shannon, and the General and Staff Officers, ordered for the intended Expedition under his Command, from the iftof May 1710, to the 6th of November following,

iodufive, pursuant to her Majesty’s Establishment - - 3,5*5-

For

Army

Extra*.

9 Ann.

a 8° Febntarii.

For the Pay of Major General Whetham, and the Officers appointed to attend the Forces, embarked for the Service abroad, from the 7th Day of , 1710, to the 22d of December

following, inclusive, pursuant to her Majesty’s Establishment - -

For the Pay of Colonel Nicholson, and the Officers ordered to attend the Expedition under his Command, from the ill of Apr. 1710, to the 22d of December following, inclusive -

For the Pay of Colonel Vetch* as Adjutant General, and Captain Moody, as Aid de Camp, at New York, in the Year 1709, pursuant to her Majesty’s Warrants -

To satisfy several Bills of Exchange, drawn by Colonel Vetch and Colonel Nicholson, for the

Service of the Forces upon the Expedition to New England ....

For the Support of the royal Hospital near Cand the Invalid Out-pensioners thereunto belonging, over and above the Poundage, and Day’s Pay, of the Guards and Garisons, to the aid of December, 1710, and the Day’s Pay, already deducted from the Forces abroad

For the extraordinary’ Charge of Forage in the Winter Quarters 17 and at the Siege of with the extraordinary Charge for Bread, and Bread Waggons, on Account of the Forces in the Low Countries, to the End of the Campaign 1710, over and above what had been allowed upon

the respective Establishments, or otherwise provided for the said Services -

For Forage, delivered to the Forces in the Low the last Campaign, by Monsieur

Pangaret, 165,128 Gil. I St. 15 D. - - - - , -

For Nineteen Horses of Lieutenant General Ross' Regiment, loft in the Allion the last Campaign, at £. 15 each -

For Seven Horses more of the Earl of Staires*s Regiment, at the same Rate -

For her Majesty’s Proportion of the extraordinary Charge of Forage to the Troops in Winter Quarters 17 44, upon Account -

For her Majesty’s Proportion of what has been already paid for the Douceurs, and other Extra-ordinaries of the foreign Troops in the Low Counexceeding the Sums allowed for the same upon the Establishment, or otherwise provided for, to the End of the Year 1710 -

For Forage, Waggon Money, Recruits, Douceurs, and other Extraordinaries, to the foreign Troops in the Low Countries, in the Service of her Majesty and the States General, upon Account, to be distributed, as the same shall appear to be due to them, and is an Exceeding of the Sum of £.29,260 granted for that Service for the Year 1711, £. 50,000 having been lately remitted for the said Extraordinaries, to enable the foreign Troops to raise their Recruits, and come early into the Field -

For 123,008 Gil. 1 St. due to the Hanover Troops, for Men and Horses loft in Action in the Campaign in 1709, and to the Prujfuw Augmentation Troops in the Campaigns 1709 and 1710 For Levy-money for 2,500 Recruits for the Imperial Troops in Spain, which, by Estimation, was computed might be sufficient to complete them for the Year 1711, at the Rate of 20 Crowns a Man, pursuant to a Treaty -

For Levy-mom y, to emb.c her Majesty to make good the Proportion, being ^ds of 70,000 Crowns to the King of Prnfj, in the Year 17 to, in Consideration of the Charge he has been at in recruiting the Body of his Troops in Italy, and of his Prussian Majesty’s consenting thereupon to the Continuance ot those Troops in that Country for the Year 1710

For her Majesty’s Proportion, being a Moiety of 60,000 Crowns, to be paid the Elector Palatine, in Consideration of the Expence in fending his Troops into the Low Countries, in the Campaign 1710

For the Pay of several Second Officers serving in Portugal under the Earl of according to a List, lately transmitted from thence, for the Year 1711, upon Account - -

For the Pay of several Second Officers, l'ome in Britain, and others on Service in Spain and Fhmders, for the Year 1711, upon Account -

For the Pay of Thirty Serjeants, to be employed on a particular Service abroad, to whom her Majesty has been pleased to give Lieutenants Commissions, and to place them upon an Establishment of Ensigns Pay, from the First of January last to the 22d of , 1711

For her Majesty’s Bounty to Volunteers, and imprest Men, raised, and to be raised, for the Service of the current Year, pursuant to the Recruiting AH, being 40r. a Man, over and above the Levy-money, chargeable upon the several Regiments, computed at 8,000 Men

To the Commissioners Clerks, at $s.a Man, for the said imprest Men, and Volunteers -Towards the extraordinary Charge of recruiting Five Battalion* of Foot of her Majesty’s subjdfc Troops, employed at the Siege of Aire, where their Loft of Men happened so late in the Year, that the Subsistence of the Non-effeHives could not answer the Charge of Recruits.

For the extraordinary Charge of dry Forage, the Beginning of last Campaign, to the Regiments of Dragoons oi Ross and Stair’s, in the Low Countries, occasioned by their taking the Field, before there was Forage upon the Ground for their Subsistence -

527

£. s. d.

230 -

2,930 8 8

262 10 — 3,284 16 5

- 15,392 17 1

15,148 1 8

6,202 13 6

285 -

i °5 -

50,000 — —

- 27,340 14 4

20,740 — — 11,715 1 —

- 11,904 15 3

11,hi a 3

7,142 17 2

10,000 -

10,000 — —

1,602 -

- 16,000 < — —

2,000 — —

1,95° -

1,205 U 31

235»748 9 8f

Towards which, there may be laved upon the Sum of £. 220,000, granted by Parliament for the Augmentation Troops, for the Year 1711, being an exceeding of what the Pay and extraordi-narics, of the said Troops amounts unto, the Sum of- - 43,379 7 4

Remains - - - 192,369 2 4f

To the Duke of Savoy, for extraordinary Services of the War, over.and above the Subsidy allowed him, pursuant to the Treaty, the same having been omitted in the Estimate of Subsidies - 100,000 — —

Total to be provided for - - - 292,369 2 4$

Memorandum: There is a farther Sum demanded by the General Officers serving in Handers, to make up the Pay, they received, equal to their Commissions, and the Qualities, in which they served, to the 31st of December, 1707; but as the same is not yet exaltly adjusted, it is desired, that in the appropriating Clause there may be a Power given for paying what shall appear to be due on that Head.

Vo 1. 16. - Ordered,

Bribery at Elections.

Supply.

W ays and Means.

Privilege — a Pei ion in custody reprimanded and disc barged.

Importing Irish Yarn

Woollen, Sic.

Manufactures.

Skeffington's

Estate.

Army

Poundage.

528 a8° Februarii. — 1 1710.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are toconsider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing of Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Pratftices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Colonel Char ten's was (according to Order) brought

to the Bar; where, upon his Knees, he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Mr. Ftarcourt, Mr. England, Mr.

Crosse, Mr. Farrier, Mr. RMr. , Mr. Roivney, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr. be added

to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, as also of the Merchants, Serge-makers, Fullers, Worsted-combers, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, I. die Martii;

Anno 90 Annas Regina?, 1710.

Prayers.

MR Pagilt presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the reviving, and continuing, an Act, made in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more.effectual preventing Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and the same was received.

A Bill for Sale of Timberupon the Estate of Thomas Skeffington, Esquire, an Infant, for Payment of his Father’s Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harpur, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Curzon, Sir Robert

Eden, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Shakerley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Winington, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Wm.

Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Page, Mr. Mr. Child,

Mr. Blackmore, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Duncomb, Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Goulflon, Mr. Ferrier, Sir Mr. Burgh, Mr; Halford; and all, that serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Brydges, Paymaster of her Majesty’s Forces, acting in conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty’s Allies, pretented to the House (pursuant to their Address to her Majesty) An Account of the Poundage, and Day’s Pay, deducted out of the Pay of the Army by him, from the 24th of June, 1705 (when he commenced Paymaster of

the said Forces) to the End of the Year 1709, and how the same hath been from time to time applied.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for veftirtg in Henry Arundell, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Trust in the Estate of the Lord VII'count Mountagu, which is veiled in her Majesty by the Attainder of John CarylI, Esquire, for high Treason, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for repairing and amending the Highways, leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Water Newton, in the County of Huntington, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered,-That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of what Ships have been cleared out to Africa, from Mitbaelmas, 1709,10 Michaelmas, 1710, and what Duties they have paid to the African Company.

An ingrafted Bill for confirming a Lease of One-and. twenty Years, made by Jeffery Palmer, Esquire, and others, of Lands in Carlton-curliezv in the County of Leicester, for Payment of the Debts of the find Jffery Palmer, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for confirming a Leate of One-and-twenty Years, made by Jffery Palmer, Esquire, and others, of Lands in Carleton-curliew, in the County of for Payment

of the Debts of the said Jeffery Palmer.

Ordered, That Sir George Beaumont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for ratifying Purchase*, lately made with the publick Stock of the County of Devon, and for making farther Purchases, for the Use of the said County, with the publick Stock thereof, and also for regulating, and better Employment of, the publick Stock of the said County, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 6. L. After " time" to insert " to time."

Pr. last, L. Intlead of "Tythes" insert " Titles."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for ratifying Purchases, lately made with the publick Stock of the County of Devon, and for making farther Purchases, for the Use of the said County, with the publick Stock thereof, and also for regulating, and better Employment of, the publick Stock of the said County.

Ordered, That Sir William Pole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that there had been with him Yesterday, in the Evening, the Prolocutor of the lower House of Convocation, with Dr. Stanhope, Dean of Canterbury, Dr. Stanley, Archdeacon of London, Dr. Smalridge, Proctor for the Chapter of Litchfield, and Dr. Delaune, Proctor for the Diocese of and

brought him an Order, and a Mcifage; which were read, and are as follow; viz.

February 28°, 1710.

IT was ordered by the lower House of Convocation, That the Prolocutor, attended by Dr. , Dean of

Canterbury. Dr. Stanley, Archdeacon of London, Dr. ridge, Proctor for the Chapter of Litchfield, and Dr. Delaune, Prodlor for the Diocese of Oxford, liioulil wait upon Mr. Speaker of the honourable House of Comm -ns,

17 and

Lord

Mountagu’*

Elute.

Hoyfton

ltoad*.

African

Trade.

Palmer*

Estate.

Devon

County

Publick

Slock.

Medan* from Convocation.

New

Churches.

9 Ann. i6 Martii. 529

and irpart to him the following Message, agreed to by upon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the the said House, Nemine contradicente. Bill.

Tho. Rouse, Acluar. And other Amendments were made by the House to Domus infer, Louvocationis the Bill.

Mr. Speaker, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The lower lloule of Convocation have with great Sa- ingrossed.

tisfaction taken Notice of an Inilruction, given by the honourable House of Commons to a Committee (appoint* ed to txnninea Petition of the Minister, and Churchwarden-, of Greemviib, praying Relief for the rebuilding of that Church) to cor.fulcr, what Churches are wanting w ithin the Cities ol Louden and and Suburbs

thereof; and report the same to the House.

It was in our Thoughts to have done what in us lay towards letting forward so pious a Design; but wc are glad to find ourselves happily prevented by the Zeal of that honourable House, which at the time, that they placed you in tire Chair, gave us an Earnelt of their intire D.tp liiion to do every thing, that might be for the H ijour and Advantage of the Church ol England.

YVc do, in the Name of the whole Clergy of this Province, return our unanimous Thanks to the honourable the Commons, for this Infiance of the affectionate Regard 1 hey have Ihcwn to the Welfare of the established Church, and the common Intercfls of Religion.

Mr. Speaker,

I am directed by the Clergy of the lower House of Cotivov.ati.jn to signify their Readiness to promote the good Work, now in View, by imparting such Lights, as they are able to afford, in relation to the extreme Want ol Churches in and about tliele populous Cities, under which we at present labour.

Francis Atta bury, Prolocutor.

Rcfohed, That this House will receive all such Informations, as Hull be offered to them from the Clergy of the lower H aile of Convocation, with relation to the Want of Churcl.es in the Cities ot and H'ejhn in-

fer, and Suburbs thereof.

Revived, That this House will in all Matters, immediately relating to Religion, and the Welfare of the tfta-blifiicd Church, have a particular Regard to such Applications, as shall at any time be made to them from the Clergy in Convocation assembled, according to the ancient Usage, together with the Parliament.

Btfumpthn Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

ol Grants, appoint Comtuiflloners, to examine the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown since the 13th Day of February, 168S, and upon what Considerations such Grants were made, in order to relume the lame, and to apply them to the Use of the Publick; and that Mr. Sirangezxayes, Mr. and Mr. Lockhart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Supply Rill; The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon r*vv nE eerw the CIau|\ offcrej Veftcrday, to be added to the Bill

IdlQ DuUeS. r . - .

lor reviving, continuing, and appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals to be Water-borne and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for Thirty-two Years, to raise Fifteen hundred thousand bounds by way'of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711.

And the Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to the discharging Cocket Bonds for Coals, carried Coallwile.

And the same being once read, was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, against Offices of Insurance for Marriages, Births, Christenings, and Services.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

»t And then the Clause was, upon the Question put there-

Vol. 16.

A Bill for taking, examining, and Hating, the publick Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was read a Second time. Account*.

R/olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause, That no Person, who shall be appointed aCommissioner by the said Bill, shall be capable of accepting, or holding, any Place or Employment of Profit from or under her Majesty, during the Continuance of this Parliament.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Importing Commitee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repeal- [jcncl1 ing the Act of the 3d and 4th Years of her Majesty’s ' inei‘ Reign (intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France) so far as it relates to the prohibiting the Importation of French Wines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Dovers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Dovers reported from the Committee, that they had heard the Merchants upon the Petition, referred to the Consideration of the Committee; and had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Ciock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of the until this Day Fortnight; and that such Members, as House. Hull not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Shire Wigtown of ff'igtoun be heard at the Bar of this House upon Elei!‘on' Saturday Morning next, after the Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for repealing the Act, of the 3d and 4th Years of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, (An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France) so far as it relates to the prohibiting the Importation of French Wines.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Cockermouti Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, be Elef,|olu

heard at the Bar of this House upon Lucy day Morning next.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Kennet Counties of Cornwall and Devon, be added to the Navlgalion-Committee, to whom the Bill lor making the River Kennet navigable, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

After the House was this Day adjourned, Mr. Speaker Answer to wrote a Letter to the Prolocutor; a Copy whereof is as convocation1 followeth; viz.

Mr. Prolocutor, Mar. to, 1710.

I have acquainted the House of Commons with the Message, which you, with the other reverend Persons, appointed by the lower House of Convocation, delivered to me: They were read to the House, and ^received with all possible Affection and Respect to your venerable. Body;

6 S and.

Leave *f Absence.

Writer's Eilat e.

F.arl of

Befk(hiie*s

Etlute.

Carl of Phmouth a Estate.

Mathew's

EiUte.

AVoollen

Manuiadturt*

530

2* Martii. A. 1710.

and, upon taking them into Confide ration, the House came to the inclosed Resolutions.

To.which you must all&w me to add, that, as to what is personal in your Message to myself, I can truly assure you, there is no Man more values the good Opinion of your House, than I do; and that I shall study to pre-1'erve it, by endeavouring, on all Occasions, to promote every thing, that may be for the Honour and Advantage of the Church of England.

I am,

Reverend Sir,

Your most faithful and most humble Servant,

Bromley, Speaker.

Directed,

To the Reverend the Pro-locutorof the lower House of Convocation.

Veneris, 2° die Martii; Anno 9* Annas Reginae, 1710.

Praters.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Lutwich have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered That Mr. Page have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for veiling the Manor of , and several

Lands in Sussex, the lilt ate of Jefeph Weller. Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and applying the surplus Moneys to certain Uses and Trulls therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Parker, Sir John Mtrdaunt, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Medlicot, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Parker, Mr. Campion, Mr. § hacker ley, Mr. Eversfield, Mr. RandyU, Mr. Sir John -

fans, Mr. Annejley, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Barley, Mr. Mr. Lewis, Sir Ri-

chard Hoar, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Mr. Smith, Mr. Vincent, Mr. 'Berkley, Mr. W; and all, that serve

for the County of Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

England, was preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, that the straining of the Woollen Manufactures is a great Prejudice to the Credit of the same in foreign Markets, and is a Pretence to the Buyer to expect unreasonable Measure; and the carrying their Cloth from the Market Hall, to be examined, at the Charge of die Maker, is also a great Burthen upon them, though often ' returned, with the Loss of other Chapmen: And praying, that a Law may be made, for measuring Cloth in the Water, at the Mill, by afworn Measurer; and that all Cloth be passed at the Hal], without the Removal from thence.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers in tire County of is referred.

A Petition of several Merchant-adventurers with the Scotch, late Indian and African Company of Scotland, and of the Supercargo, Captain, and other Officers, belonging to the Company, late Ship Annandale, on behalf of themselves, and leve-

ral oliters, concerned in the said Ship, Stock, Trade, and Company, when in being, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners fitted out for the East Indies, from the Port of Leith, a Ship called

the Speedwell, with a suitable Cargo; which Ship perished in the Straits of Mallacca, but the Cargo, and Men, being laved, the said Company fitted out the Ship Annandale, with design to have traded to the East Indies, and to bring home the Product of both Ships to Scotland, when, being ready to (ail, (he was seized in the Downes, to the Petitioners Damage, as by Decree of the Admiralty Court in Scotland is expressed; which yet remaihs unsatisfied: And praying, that Provision maybe made for the Petitioners Relief in relation to their Losses, sustained by want of the Returns of the Speedzvell, occasioned by the Seizure of the Annandale, the same having been omitted to be inserted in the Hated Account, to be made good by Parliament conform to the Union.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Paterftm, Esquire, is referred.

A Petition of Robert Allen, a Native of Scotland, was Ditim presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do enquire into the Value of the said Prize, and the Disposition of it among the Officers and Seamen.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Reverf and other Lands, in the County of Lincoln, the Ellate of Henry Bowes, Earl of Berkshire, and to settle other Lands in the County of

Stafford to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veil the Manor, or reputed Manor, of alias Wadberrow, in the County of Worcester, and other Lands there, which came to the Right honourable Other Earl of Plimouth by his Mother, in Trullees, to be sold, for railing more Money, to pay off Debts, charged upon his paternal Ellate, and for other Purposes, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of such Part of the Ellate of Nathaniel Mathew, late of Petersham, in the County of , Gentleman,

deceased, as will be sufficient to discharge his Debts and Legacies, thereon charged by his last Will and Testament, and for settling the Remainder thereof to the Uses in the said Will mentioned, was reaa the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers of , in

GljucefierJhirt, and Places adjacent, in behalf ot themselves, and the rest of the Medley or Mixture Clothiers of

An ingrossed Bill for reviving, continuing, and appro- Supply Bill; priating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be reviving car-exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Water- tam DutlM* borne, and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for Thirty-two Years, to raise £. 1,500,000 by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. last but Four, L. to leave out '* other," and infer!

" Tin."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at tb«

Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for reviving, continuing, and appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Water-borne, and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for Thirty-two Years, ro raise Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711; and for suppressing such unlawful Lotteries, and such Insurance Offices, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next; resolve itself into a Committee of She whole House,

uni Me

Arreai

41*

sfcmJi

y

Tmk

*1.

w,

‘Izi

Ann.

2® — 3°

53i

House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday and Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ttkconsider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Arrears of 'taxes.

Ordered, That Mr. BertieMr. , Black ham, Mr. Burgh, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Robmfon, be added to the Committee, appointed to consider of the Arrears of Taxes, granted by Parliament, in whole Hands they arc, and what has been the Occasion of such Arrears.

And then the House adjourned till To-raorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati,3° Martii\

Anno j>* Ann* Regin*, 1710.

tion upon: And praying, that the said Penalty may be altered, and that the Forfeitures may be only in Proportion to the Offence.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* federation of a Committee j and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Geo. NeWland, Sir John fons, Colonel Cash, Sir Thomas Sir Withers,

Mr. Portman, Mr. Earle, Mr. Finch, Sir Robert

vers, Mr. Barney, Mr. John CopMr. Sheppard, Mr. Con-

yers, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr. Topham, Mr. Da!by, Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cater, Mr. Randyll. Sir John Mordaunt, Mr . flurridge, Mr. Mr. Freeman, Sir Ro-

bert Eden, Mr. Cholm/ey, Sir Richard Hoar, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Sharp, Lord Down, Mr. Farter, Mr. Citfar, Mr. Mr.

Ward, Mr. Cro/s, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Ha/fey, Sir Cka. Cox: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

PtAYIftl.

in Plan-

Leave of Absence.

Mr. Chapman presented to the House (according to Dunstable to ar r, mm a , ,« /n , . wrder) a Bill for repairing the Highways between -Jloc*‘,ey

sans. M srsf wsz - <*"* <* - - '"*

Pin. Trm, growing in her Majesty’, Colonic, of Nfwfimc rece, vcd' Hampshire, the MaffachtfetsBay, and Province of Main, Ordered, That Mr. Barlow have Leave to go into the

Rhode Bland, and Providence Plantation, the Naragan- Country, for Recovery of his Health.

/rt Country, or Prntidfnrf. and CemvT in Th* M have to the

Nfw L.glmJ, rerk, *nd K-v strfty m Amm ta, for M fc upon clraordinary Occasion,. lor the malting her Majesty s Navy, was committed; r 1

that they had made several Amendments tiiereunto, A Petition of Nicholas Esquire (in Custody of Privilege — which they had directed him to report to the House: the Serjeant at Atms attending this House) was pre- xPerfouin

And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards dc- fented to the House. and read; setting forth, that this Jivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were honourable House did, upon the Sixteenth Day of Fe- Oilcharge. read once throughout, and then a Second rime, one by last, come to a Resolution, That it appeared to this

one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, House, that Mr. Henry Raine hath been discouraged by agreed unto by the Hou'e. your Petitioner from giving Information to the Com-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be mitree of this House, appointed to enquire info tlx:

logrolled.

Coal

Truk.

Abuses, committed in the Victualing, and ordered the Petitioners to be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for the said Offence: That the Petitioner is very sorry for

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to dissolve the present, and prevent the future, Combina- having done any thing, to incur the Displeasure and Cen-tions of Coal-owners, Lightermen, Keelmen, Masters sure of this honourable House, and humbly begs thek of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Pardon: But, for asmuch as the Petitioner hath been tn Prejudice of the Navigat^n, Trade, and Manufactures, Custody ever since the making of the said Order, and of the Kingdom, and for the farther Encouragement of bcc^use several Matters of Importance require the Pe-the Coal Trade; and that Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Thompson, titioner’s Care and Attendance, praying, that he may be and Sir Richard Hoar, do prepare, and bring in, the discharged from his feid Confinement, lame. Ordered, That the said Mr. Roop be brought to the

Bar of this House upon Monday Morning next, in order Woollen, See. A Bill for reviving, and continuing, an Act, made to his Discharge.

Muatedort*. jn f|ie Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Abusesand Frauds The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Cosy- importing of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen, mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing French Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this the Ad, of the Third and Fourth Year of her Majesty’s Wines.

Kingdom, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

of Bread.

Reign (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Commerce with France) so far as it relates to the Importation of French Wines, being read;

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, A Petition of the Inhabitants, and Owners of Ships, of the Mistery of Bakers of the City of London, on be- of the City of Bristol, Traders in Newfoundland, Portu-half of theml’elves, and others of the said Mistery, was gal, Spain, Italy, (dc. was presented to the House, and presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that iB read j setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for regu- that a Bill is brought into this honourable House, to give. Jating the Price and Assize of Bread, there is a Penalty Leave for the Importation of French Wines; which, we of Forty Shillings, wholly given to Informers, for Of- humbly conceive, will very much prejudice the woollen fences, that the Petitioners, and others of the Trade, Manufactures, and the Fisheries, of Great Britain, and cannot prevent; and several of the Petitioners have paid Newfoundland, the greatest Part being fold in Portugal, the Penalty, because the Mark on their Bread has been Spain, and Italy, and the Products thereof returned mostly imperfect, although the same was full Weight, and have in Wines, to the great Advantage of the Trade of these also often suffered by a Loaf wanting a small Matter in Kingdoms, and her Majesty’s Customs in particular: its Weight, which iometimes is not to be avoided, by And praying the Consideration of the House therein, reason of its being over-baked, or stale; and the Peti- And a Motion being made, and the Question being tioners being Hill exposed to the Mercy of common In- put, That the said Petition be referred to the Considera-formers, who often go from House to House to buy action of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing crusty or stale Loaf, on purpose to ground an Informa- the Act, of the Third and Fourth Year of her Majesty’s Vo i, 16. Reign

I)itto.

Assize ef Billet,

Allin's Kit ate.

Pooler's

Estate.

Isaack's

Estate.

Wigtowa

Election.

532 30 — *5° Martii. 171 o.

Reign (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Commerce with France)so far as it relates to the Importation of French Wines, is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act concerning the Assizes of Fewel) so far as it relates to the Assize of Billet, was committed.

And the said Report was once read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther Consideration upon 7 uefdayMorning next, at Eleven a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccotks and Mr. Fellows:

Mr- Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir Richard Allin, alias Anguish, Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, for Payment of his Debts, and settling the Remainder according to his Marriage Articles; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Humphry Pooler, in the Parish of Hartlebury, in the county of ; to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, for Sale of the Barton and Farm of Possessoe, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of Sebastian , Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, and for Distribution of the surplus Money, with an Amendment j to which the LorJs desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House proceeded to the hearing of the Merits of the Election for the Shire of

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition, complaining of the said Election, was read.

And the Petitioner’s Counsel infilling, that the fitting Member had not a Right to vote at the Election of a Commissioner for the said Shire; and the Sitting Member’s Counsel infilling, that they ought not now to be permitted to make the said Objection, the Petitioner (who was the Prafes) having signed the Freeholders Roll; Touching which Matter the Counsel were heard, and then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the Petitioner, having signed the Freeholders Roll, in which the fitting Member was inserted with a Protestation, was at Liberty at any time to renew his Objection against the fitting Member’s Vote, before the Election was proceeded on.

And the Counsel were called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the Resolution.

And then they proceeded, and were heard, whether the fitting Member had a Right to give his Vote at the said Election.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the fitting Member was duly qualified to give his Vote for a Commissioner for the Shire of Wigtown j It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the fitting Member’s Counsel infilled against the Qualification of the Petitioner, for that neither the Petitioner, nor any of the Electors, did, before the Election, take the Oaths, and Assurance, required by Law.

The Certificate of the Clerk of the Meeting thereof was also read: And then the Counsel were heard:

And being withdrawn;

And the Question being put. That Patrick Fans,

Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Wigtown;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the honourable John , Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire ot Wigtown.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Shire of Wigtown, by rafing out the Name of Patrick Vans, Esquire, and inserting the Name of the honourable John Stuart, Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Palatum, were to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Bribery at

ing next, at Eleven-a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- I&aiow, mittee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the better preventing of Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Royfto* whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Highways, K<»ds, leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Water Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon this. Day Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

LiUrtce, 50 die Martii j

Anno 9* Anna: Reginae, 1710.

Prayers.

HE House took into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Lrt*le' An Act for Sale of the Barton and Farm of in

the County of Devon, late the Estate of Sebastian lfaack,

Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, and for Distribution of the surplus Money.

And the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill add " for Ninety-nine Years,

determinable upon One, Two, or Three, Lives, or " for any less Term."

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Riibopof for discharging John Lord Bishop of Rapho, in the King- Rapho'i dom of Ireland, from all Penalties, Disabilities, and In- n einnlt*' capacities, incurred by him, in omitting to take the Oath of Abjuration on or before the First Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Three, and for making all ecclesiastical and civil Acts, done by him, as Bishop of Rapbo, after such Omission, to be of the same Validitj', as they would have been, if he had taken the said Oath in due time, was read the Fjrll time.

Resolved,

GSKiill

ipn

i-sn

j&L

‘.Tile*

ilt'un

pui

CvB*

y:>i

'H

9 Ann.

5* Mar

533

I^are of Abfiwce.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Major Holmes have Leave to go into into Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley have leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

PunftabW to A Bill for repairing the Highways between ‘Dunstable lockUy and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Road*.

Hoad.

Petersfrild to A Bill for repairing the Highways from Sheet Bridge, PotUmouib in the Parish of Petersfeild, to the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir 5. Stuart, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Onslow, Mr Cotton, Mr. Shuttletvorth, Sir Gilbert Do!ben, Mr. Sir Robert

Eden, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Buckingham, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Colonel Cay, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir John Mr. Mr*

Campion, Chlonel Henley, Colonel Moreton, Mr.

tvayes, Mr. WiId, Mr. Henley, Mr. Mf. Careb,

Mr. Hey/ham, Mr. Pringle-, and all the Gentlemen, that

serve lor the Counties of Southampton, SuJJ'ex, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at hive a Clock, »n the Speaker’s Chamber.

and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the Counter of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and other poor Parishioners there, is referred.

A Petition of the RWlor; Churchwardens, and In- gt. Michael, habitants, of the Parish of St. Michael, in London, Cornhill,

was presented to the House; and read; letting forth, that the said Parish Church being burnt by the Fire of te*'e’ London, in the Year 1666, in few Years after, by the Help of several Benefactions, the Charge of che Parish, and by some of the Money provided by Parliament, for building of Churches in the room of those deftrdyed, a new Church was built and finished; but the Steeple, dr Tower, of the Church, though riot demolished, was so fluttered and damnified by thfe said Fire, that there is an absolute Nfcceffity to take it down; the eiefting anothet Steeple will be a great Charge, too big for a small Parish (as this is) to bear: And praying, that their old Steeplfc may be taken down, and a new one erected, out of thfe Moneys, appropriated by Parliament for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petifibn do He upon the Table, until the Report is made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, fehurch wardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwiik, in the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and other poor Parishioncrfc there, is referred.

Wigtown The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according ** Return to Order) amended the Return for the Sltire of

emended. t0WH.

privilepe — Mr. Roop, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attend-Aljerfun ing th's House, was (according to Ordci; bt u.-'ri to the

reprimanded Bar; where he, upon Irs Knets received a If n.luian- from Mr. Speaker; and was difdu.ged out of CustoJv, i 6 paying his Fees.

A Bill for vefling in / undell, Esq'iire, and h

Mountagu’e Heirs, the Trull in the Ellate ot t!:e L r Vikmunt Eflaw. Mount agu, which is veiled in her Majd’iy by the Afaindet

of John Cary!!, Esquire, for high Tieaion, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. F*rrcr, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Onslow, Sir Robert Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. But ridge, Mr. Churchill, Mr.

Mr. Hey/ham, Sir ‘I ho. Lee, Mr. Hep kins, Mr.

Mr. Foley, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Treby, Sir Wyndham,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Cockram, Sir IVm. St. Quinton, Mr.

Henley, Lord It m. Pcwlett, Mr. Lav Jon, Mr.

Mr. Dnckminique, Mr. England, Mr.-Vincent, Mr. Fie-

man. Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Dmcomb, Mr,

Mr. Bertie, Colonel Morton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Wyld; and all the Gentlemen, that serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

St. Cathenn*’* A Petition of the Brothers and Sifters of the Hospital iiotpiul of St. Catherine, near the Tower of London, the upper

*" Overseers of the Poor, and ancient Inhabitants, on behalf

of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants there, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the large Church in the Precin<ft of the said Hospital is ready to fall, for want of repairing, which, if done, will cost, by a mode ft Computation, near £. 2,400. That the Revenues of the said Hospital, intended for the Repairs of the said Church, are not sufficient to keep the said Members Dwellings in necessary Repair: That the Inhabitants are unable to contribute thereunto, there being 400 Petitioners, that receive Alms, which cometh to above Three Shillings per Pound, besides several other Taxes,

and AtTcflments: And praying the Confederation of this I louse in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report is madfc from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mir.ifter, Churchwardens^ Vox. lfi.

A Petition of Sir William Dbkgla Lieutenant General Doiigtas'

of her Majesty’s Fortes, was piclented to the House, and read; letting forth, that, notwithstanding the Petitioner did, by a Letter of Attorney to one Arthur Brown, in Scotland, acquaint the Barons of Exchequer, he had several Claims upon the Equivalent, but more particularly onfe of f.2,5.9 13 s.4 d.upon the first Cldfs of the military Lilt of the First general Account, as having (.loathed Ins R«giinent, which ... be made good by several di.'clurged Contracts, that his Son, Colonel Charles Dorg 'js, had laid by, when he wen! upon the Earl R:v rss Expedition to Spainj and that, hii Son having hu.i the Mhfbrrune to be taken it he could

no: come at the said discharged Contracts, until hi could get Leave to come from his Ittiprifoiiment in Fiance; yet the Barons of the Exchequer had no regard to that; for the Petitioner’s Son, having Leavfe to co'rrfe to B’i/ain, went immediately to Scotland, arid coming the re some Days before fhc Full gcnciai Account of the Equivalent was c!of:d up, their Lordships would havi no rtfptcl to his Petition, aHeging, he did not appear within the time, allowed for receiving any Claim upon the First general Account; and so put the Petitioner’s Claim, to be made good upon the Second general Account; and accordingly the Petitioner has received Certificates, and Debentures, to the Sum of 2,930, upon the said Second general Acccuht, instead of to much ready Money he was entitled to, had not his Son been taken Prisoner in her Majesty’s Service in t And praying, that he may be redfeffed in this Particular, by appointing the Payment of his Debentures payable out of the first and readiest, that fhartl come into the Hands of the Commissioners or Equivalent,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Pater/on, Esquire, is committed; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peacfe, Kennet Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, afisembled together Navigation, at the Assizes, holden at Reading, in the said County, the at tli of February, Anno Domini 1710, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they do humbly Conceive, and dotibt riot but to prove, that the intended Design, for making the River Kernel riavigable, will be of ill Consequence, and rather prejudicial, than advantageous, to the Publick, in case the same shouldpafs into a Law; and will not answerthe Eiids pretended by the said Bill: And praying, that they may be heard by their

6 T Counsel,

Kffinett

Navigation,

African

Company.

Ditto.

5 Mar tit. A> 1710.

Counsel, before the feme pass into a Law; and that they may have a convenient Time appointed, to produce their Witnesses, and make out their same before your Honours.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several of the Owners, and Occupiers, of the Meadows, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying between Reading and Nin the County of Berks, and adjoining to the River Kennett in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newberry, in the County of Berks, as intended by a Bill for that Purpose, now depending in this honourable House, will be rather detrimental, than advantageous, to the Publick, and in no fort commodious, or profitable, for the Inhabitants, or Proprietors of Lands, in the said County, but, on the contrary, likewise prejudicial to them, as the Petitioners humbly hope to make evident: And praying, that they may have Leave to lay their Reasons before this honourable House, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of divers Merchants of London, Traders to Africa, and thence to the Plantations, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since the laying open the Trade to Africa, in the Year 1698, the Petitioners became large Adventurers in the said Trade, which they have very much increased, improved, and carried on to a much greater Degree, even in the time of War than formerly, when the African Company had that Trade, exclusive of all others, in time of Peace, whereby the Petitioners humbly conceive, they have preserved this Trade, which otherwise must have been loft to the Nation by means of the Royal African Company; and the Petitioners understand, that the said Royal Company have petitioned this honourable House, that their Charter may be confirmed to them by Act of Parliament} and which, if granted, will tend to the Ruin of the Plantations, and the Out-ports of Britain, and be a Detriment to the Balance of Trade abroad, and destructive to our Trade in general: And praying, that they may be heard touching the Premises; and that the said Trade may remain free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company is referred.

A Petition of the Planters, and Merchants, inhabiting the Island of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that since the laying open the Trade to Africa, in the Year 1698, the Island of Jamaica hath been better supplied with Negroes by the separate Traders to Africa, than at any time before by the Afican Company, when exclusive: That the continual Supplies of Negroes, which the separate Traders have afforded us, at moderate Prices, has produced infinite Advantage to this Island, in respect to its Productions, which have greatly added to the Improvement of Navigation, the increale of the Revenue of the Crown, and advancing the Balance of the Trade of Great Britain', and that, if the African Company should obtain this Trade in a joint Stock Company, exclusive, and if granted, will occasion the Ruin of this Island, the Loss of the Spanish Trade, and the Decrease of the Navigation: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may be open and free, for all the Subjects of Great Britain to trade thither on equal Terms, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, tQ whom the Petition of the African Company is referred.

Sir Robert Davers (according to Order! reported from importing the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill J-'n-ndi for repealing the Act of the Third and Fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Commerce with France) so far as it relates to the Importation of French Wines, was committed, the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the- Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for reviving, and continuing, an Act, made Woollen,4c. in the First Year of her Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Abuses and Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen,

Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Foley, Sir Gilbert,

Mr. Cleveland, Mr. Serjeant Girdler, Mr. Mr. Pagett, Mr. Manley, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Bromley, Lord Bruce, Mr.

Robertes, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Elliott, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gore, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Mr. Fownes,

Mr. Murray, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr.

Gery, Sir Cha.Turner, Lord Compton, Lord IVm. Powlett,

Mr. Teoman, Mr. Prifr, and all the Gentlemen, that serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford,

and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of Writs of Mandamus, and Informations of the Nature of a Quo Mandamus Warranto, more speedy and effectual, and for the more easy trying, and determining, the Rights of Officers in d 1 Corporations and Boroughs, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Reportsn» Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the c miovertrd Boroughs of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, of Election*. Ashburton, in the County of Devon. of Weymouth, and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorsett, and Wilton, in the County of Wills, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

A Petition of Sir Robert Adair, Knight, Lieutenant Arrears of General Charles Rosse, Lieutenant General Robert Echlin, Ir,lh Colonel Henry Monro, Captain Richard Newstead, Captain Robert Baird, and William Hamill, Gentleman, in behalf of themselves, and the Officers, Soldiers, and others, of the late Gatifons of Londonderry and Innijkilling, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House. and read; setting forth, that by the Declaration of his late Majesty King William, bearing Date at Whitehall, the 22d of February, 1689, the Estates of such, asperfifted in their Rebellion in Ireland, and which by Law came to be forfeited, were declared and promised to be distributed and dispoied of to those, who should be aiding and assisting in reducing that Kingdom to its Obedience; that the Parliament of England did afterwards dispose of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and applied the Money, arising the reby, to such Llfes, as they then thought proper, without satisfying and discharging the Arrears of Pay, and other Sums, still due to the said Officers,

Soldiers, and others: And praying, that their same may be taken into Consideration, and to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do exa-ao mine

SarpI

f(Pe

M

Ci

Pti

c.oo<?ie

9 Ann. 5® — 6° Martii. 535

mine the Matter thereof* and report the same to the House i

And it is referred to General Ecc/int Mr. Mr.

Ward, Mr. Campion, Sir Robert Mr. Knight,

Sir Richard Leving, Lord Mr. Sir

Tho. Frankland, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Wild, Lord tkore, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mr.

Fitz Williams, Mr. England, Sir Geo. Newland, Sir Gilbert Dolken, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Gott, Mr. Serjeant Richardjon, Lieutenant General Ross, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Alompejfon, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Onslow, Sir Wm.St. Q Mr. Webb: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Surplufagts Mr. Lowndes prefen ted to the House (pursuant to their of Public Address to her Majesty) An Account of whjit Surplusages,

Fund*. or unappropriated Money, hath been paid into the Exchequer in each Year, since her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Crown, and how much hath been applied in Aid of parliamentary Funds, or to other Uses.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of this House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Pa* pen of this Session.

General Mr. Conyers presented to the House (according to P<ni Office. Order) a Bill for establishing a general Post Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions, and for settling a Weekly Payment out of the Revenues thereof, to raise a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year 1711; and the same was received.

Supply. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a' Progress in the Matter to them referred 1 and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Sir Roger Moflyn reported from the Committee, to Abuft* in whom it is referred to enquire into false Mullers, and other Abuses in the Payment of her Majesty’s Guards, and also Abuses committed in relation to Chelsea Hospital, that he was directed to acquaint the House, that one John Hare (Soldier in Colonel Charteris’s Company in the Guards) with great Relu&ancy gave his Evidence to the raid Committee, as being apprehensive of ill Usage, and of being sent away; and that the Committee pro-miled him to lay the Matter before the House, that he might have their Protection.

Resolved, That this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against any Person, that shall threaten, or any way injure, or fend away, the said John Hare, or any other Person, that shall give Evidence to any Committee of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is) 6° die Martii;

Anno 9* Anne Regime, 1710.

Prat ms.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Borrett (So- Ezptoet* of licitor to the Treasury) attended, he was called in, Prosecution* and, at the Bar, presented to the House, An Account for of Moneys expended in Prosecutions of Riots, that have been at any Time carried on by Order and Expence of the Crown, li nee her Majesty’s Accession to the Throne, that have concerned any Place, that lends Members to Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Account was read.

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of what Money has been ordered, and expended, for the carrying on Prosecutions for Riots, and other Prosecutions that have been at any time, since her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne, ordered by the Crown, or carried on at the Expence of the Crown, that have concerned any Borough, or Place, that have Right to fend Members to Parliament; viz.

Anno primo Ann* Regina.

The Queen against William Coulflon, and others, for a Riot at Scarborough, in Yorkshire: Expended therein -

Anno tertio Regina.

The Queen against William Stanley, and others, for a Riot at Ckefler: Expended in this

Cause....

Anno sexto Regina.

The Queen against John Figgins, and 25 others, for a Riot at the Devizes, in Wilts, and assaulting her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in the Execution of their Office:

The Queen against Robert Stulbert, and 19 others, for the like Riot at the Devizes, and assaulting several Constables in the Execution of their Office: /

The Queen against John Child, and 19 others, for another Riot at the Devizes: Expended in I thele Three Causes - -- -- ----- -J

The Queen against Peter Hughes, and others, Bailiffs and Burgeflesof Flint, upon Three several Informations, one in Nature of a Quo warranto, another for a Misdemeanor and the the other for a Riot: Expended therein -

Anno Regina.

The Queen against Leicester Martin, and others, for a Riot and Misdemeanor at in

Suffolk: Expended therein -

The Queen against John Brown, and others, for a Riot at the Devizes, in Wiltflnre: 1

The Queen against William Seager, and others, for another Riot at the Devizes: Expended in > these Two Causes - -- - -J

November 27, 1708. Paid to Mr. Axford his Bills, for prosecuting Rioters at the Devizes

20

4

*5

170

24

256

s. d.

«s —

9 6

if 6

16 4

7 —

2 z

Wm. Borrett.

Vol. 16.

Ordered,

Allin's

Eftait.

African

Trade.

Justicei of Peace Qualification.

Pfivitoge A PerfHa in custody petitions for dischargt.

Camelford

Writ.

Preferration of Pine Trees in Plantations.

6* Martiu

A. 1710.

Ordered, That thfc said Account do lie upbh the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir Richard Allin, alias Anguish, Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and

Norfolk, for Payment of his Debts, and settling the Remainder according to his Marriagt Articles, was read the First time.

Rtfilived, That the Bill be read a Secohd time.

Mr. Bayly, (from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations) presented to the Holufe, according to Order, A Copy of the Report, and Observations, of the said CorrmuffionerB, and other Papers, relating to the Trade to Africa, since the last Session of Parliament.

And the Title thereof Was read.

Ordered, That the said Report, Observations, and other Papeft> be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to Whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and tarrying on that Trade, is referred; i.

The said Report, Observations, 4nd other Papers, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better qualifying Justicesof Peace in that Part of Great Britain called England-, and that Sir Geo. Parker, Mr. Campion, and Sir Gilbert Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Jthn Edgcumbe (in Ctistody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House) was presented to the House, And read 1 setting forth, that the Petitioner is most heartily and sensibly grieved for being under the heavy Difpleefure of this honourable House; and having his Wife, Children, and Rdidence, Two hundred Miles dif-thht from this Place, and all his Concerns there, which, without his Attendance, must be intirely ruined: And praying, your Honours would be pleased to take the same into your merciful Confederation, by dismissing him from any further Confinement.

Ordered, That the said John Edgcumbe be brought to to Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Jasper Radcliffe, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrafted Bill for the Preservation of white and other Pine Trees, growing in her Majesty’s Colonies of New Hampshire, the Massachusets Bay, and Province of Main Rhode Island, and Ptoviden Plantation, the Nar-raganfet Country, or King's Province, and Connecticut, in New England, New York, and New Jersey, in America, for the matting her Majesty’s Navy, Was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 2. L. 31. to Jeave out " fit for Malts."

And the same was, upon the Qudllon put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly,

Refalved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the Preservation of white and other Pine Trees, growing in her Majesty’s Colonies in New Hampshire, the Majachufett Bay, the Province of Main Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, the Coun-

try, or King & Province, and Connecticut, Lrt New England, New York, and New Jersey, in America, for the stuffing her Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. MoncktOn do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Warm infer,

and Parts adjacent, in the County of Wilts, in behalf

of themselves, and Thousands of Poor, employed in the WooTomL

Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and

rtad; letting forth; that a Bill being brought into this

honourable House, to prohibit the Importation of foreign

Wool Cards, and to prevent the Abuses in making the

feme with old Card Wire, the Petitioners are very fen-

lible, that it serves only to ulher in that fatal Clause, to

prohibit the Sale, and Use, of old Cards, which, if en-

acted, will be a great Detriment to every Branch of the

Woollen Manufacture: And praying to let aside the said;

BiH.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to a flirt of whom the Bill /or making more effectual an Act of the Forty-third Year Of thfe Reign of Queen Eliiubeth (intituled, An Act concerning the Assizes of Fewe!) fd far as it relates to the Assize of Billet, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon- Saturday Morning tifext.

A Bill for establishing a general Poll Office for all her Gtnenl Majesty’s Dominions, and for settling a weekly Paymfent out of the Revenues thereof, to raise a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year 1711, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Cater have Leave to go into the Leave Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absenrt.*

Ordered, That the ingfofled Bill for repealing the Aftj importing of the Third and Fourth Year of her Majt-fty’s Reign French (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade ana Comffierctf "mfS’ with France) so far as it relates to the Importation of

French Wines, be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Chapman presented to the House (according to Horsea, 4c. Order) a Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in bjr the Sixth Year of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act aS8one to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty (for amending the Highways) which enjoin! Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige then! to draw only with Six Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills i and the same was received.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday come- Africta seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Company. House, raednfiderof the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Roydl -African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying oh that Trade;

A Message from the I^ords, by Mr. and Mr.

Orlebar:

"Kir. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to A Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; foT Ootitirtuing and appropriating, certain Duties upon reviving c*r-several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties tain b«ae*. upon Coals, to be Water-borne, and carried Coastwise,1 and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for Thirty-two Years, to raise Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, for the Service of tlfe Year 1711; arta for suppressiftg fetch Unlawful Lotteries, and fuel*

Irifuranfce Offices, as are- therein mentioned; without Amendment.

And then the Messengdfs withdrew.

Resolved, That this House Will, Tomorrow Morn- Public ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoafe, Account*, upon the Bill for taking, examining, and statrng, tlfe publick Accounts of the liingdonf.

A Message from her Majesty, by Sir William Oldes, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod.

Mr.

(*im

iki

In

Af

Ct

b J

64 — 7° Martii,

S31

9 Ann.

’I

u

feoyal A (Teat lo Bills.

Cockerrooooth

Election*

Preservation ol Game.

Scotch, Indian, and

African

Company.

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House* went up to the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Sixraker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Airent to the publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Water-borne, and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for Thirty-two Years, to raise Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711; and for supprdfing such unlawful Lotteries, and such Inl'urance OtEccs, as are therein mentioned.

An Act for the Sale of the Barton and Farm of leflot, in the County of Devon, late the Estate If sack, Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, and for Distributkm of the surplus Money.

The House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Cocktrmouth, in the County of Cumberland.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petitions, complaining of the said Election, were read.

And a Poll, taken of the Election, being produced; and an Objection being made to it, that it was not the original Poll ;and the Petitioner's Counsel producing one Robert Tubman, to be examined, as a Witncls, touching the original Poll; and he being objected against; the Counsel were heard touching the fame, and withdrew.

Resolved, That Robert Tubman be admitted to give Evidence as to the original Pod, that was taken at the said Election.

And the Counsel were ca'l d in, ?~.d Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the fi'd Rdoiut.on.

And the Petitioner’s Counhl infilling, that they ought to proceed to qualify, and difjoalify, on.y such Voters, as were queried upon the Scrutiny; and me litting Member’s Counsel acquainting the House, that there were Lifts exchanged between the Parties, the 24th ot January last, of what Votes each Party would inlist upon to disqualify: Touching which Matters the Counll-l on both Sides were beard.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

And being called in again, Mr. Speaker (by Direction of the House) acquainted them, that they should confine themselves, in giving their Evidence, to the Votes, queried at the Election, anJ the Lifts, mutually delivered the 241 h of January last.

And then the Counsel weredirested to withdraw.

Rejo/ved. That this House will proceed in the farther hearing the Merits of the said Election upon Saturday come Seven night.

Ordered, That Lord Barrymor, Mr. Pitt, Lord Lyon, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Ralhurst, Mr. , Mr. Monel on, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Peyton, Sir. Mr Mr.

Goddard, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Ferricr, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Act, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better Preservation of the Game, and for making the same more effectual, was committed.

Ordered, That Sir John , Mr. Baldwin,

Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Clark, Colonel King, Mr. Legh, Mr. Moor, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Randyll, Mr. Eversfield.', Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Rendy, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Carnegie, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Allen, a Native of Scotland, is referred,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. 16.

Mercuriiy j° did Martii;

Anpo 9* Anne Regin*, 1710.

P R A Y E tf S,

ABI LL to render more effl-ftual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty (fur amending the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with Six Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timtf.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Reverfiy, and other Lands, in the County of Lincoln, the Estate of Henry Earl

of Berkshire, and to settle other Lands in the County of

Stafford, to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. -lock, Mr. Ferricr, Mr. Conyers, Sir Richard Leving, Sir Richard How, Colonel Morton, Mr. Winnington, Colonel Byerley, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Lamfton, Sir Arthur Kay, Mr. Rakes, Mr. Har-

fur. Sir Symon Stuart, Mr. Campion, Lord Compton, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Cholmonley, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Dyoft, Sir John Cope, Mr. Vernon, Sir Vinccntt Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Robert Eden, Lord Wm. Porvlett,

Mr. Freman, Mr. Wrightion, Mr. Mr. North, Mr.

Gibbons, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Gery, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Powlett, Colonel Grahme, Sir 7ho. Wroth, Dr. , Mr. Wray, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Oglethorp, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Ward, Mr. Ejjington; and all the Gentlemen that lerve for the Counties of Lincoln, Stafford, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Wadborough, alias Wadbcrrow, in the County of Worcester, and other

Lands there, which came to the Right honourable Other Earl of Plimouth by his Mother, in Trustees, to be loid for railing more Moneys, to pay off Debts charged upon his personal Estate, and for other Purposes, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Paekington, Mr. Pitt, Lord Windsor, Mr.

Mr. Wild, Sir Richard How, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Black-more, Sir Robe't Eden, Lord Wm. Mr. Rakes,

Sir Richard Leving, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pajk, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Cotton, Mr* Pnje, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Winnington, Sir Wm. Blackett, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Vincent, Sir Wm. WhitlockMr. Smith, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Shockley-, and all the Gentlemen, that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Warwick, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

A Petition of several Persons, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherbithin the County of Surrey, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Parish Church, by reason of the In-create of the Inhabitants, the same is not now capable of containing One third Fart of the People; and the Foundation of the said Church, and Tower, is so much decayed, and in such Danger of falling, that there is a N'e-ceflity of rebuilding the fame, which, by the nearest Computation, will amount to 4,000 and upwards; And praying to be enabled to enlarge, and rebuild, the said Church, and Tower.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from, the Committee, to

6 U whom

Horses, Arc. used by Waggoners;

Earl of

Berkshire's

Estate.

Earl of PI i mouth's Estate*

Rotherbith

Estate*

538 7° Ma . 1710.

whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants of G,in the County of Kefit, in behalf of themselves, and others, poor Parishioners there, is referred.

Importing A Petition of the Clothiers, and Drugget-makers, in

Wool Cards, and about the Town of in the County of Wilts.,

in behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds of poor Spinners in and about the said Town, employed in the working of the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Wool Cards, when new, being proper for the working up of fine Wool only, and better for coarse, when they are pretty well worn, and part that Service: That to prohibit such Sale and Use to be made of the fine Clothiers old Wool Cards, as aforesaid, will be a Loss to the Clothier, a great Hard-ship upon the poor Spinners of coarse Wool, and Dif-couragement to the whole Manufacture: And praying, that the Clause in a Bill, now before this honourable House, which imports such a Prohibition, may be rejected.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

Ann«(l«y’s A Petition of Katharine Anne fey, an Infant, only Giurdiiniinp. Daughter, and Heir, of , late Earl of

deceased, and of her Guardian, or; was

presented to the House:

And Mr. Philip Savage's Name being to the Petition; and he not ready at the Door, to own his signing the fame;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Savage do attend this House upon Friday Morning next; and the said Petition do lie upon the Table in the mean time.

Weaver Sir Thomas John fen presented to the House (according Navigation. *° Order) a Bill for making the River Weaver navigable from Frodsham-bridge to ,in the County of

Chester; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read.

The Bill was accordingly read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time.

It passed in the Negative.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Weld have Leave to go Absence. into the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health.

Public The Orders of the Day being read;

Accounts. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Simeon Stuart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Simeon Stuart reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

0- dered. That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Hanoverian Mr. Lowndes acquainted the House, that her Majesty Subsidy. cotIiman(je(j lijrn f0 ]ay before this House, a Copy of

a Letter from Baron Bothmar to Mr. Secretary St. John, with a Copy of a Warrant of his late Majesty, for paying Thirty-seven thousand Crowns to the Elector of Hanover. And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The laid Copy of the Letter and Warrant are as followeth; viz.

Monsieur,

Je prens la Liberte de vous representer, que PEIedteur mon Maitre a encore a pretendre un Arrierage de la precedente Guerre de 37,50oCrowns. J’ayentre lesmains l’Original du Warrant, qui a este donne la-dessus, dont *7

voicy la Copie. Comme le Roy de Prufle, et le Land-gravedeHcfTe, ont obtenus ilyaunanoudeuxlepaiement des Dettes semblables, j’cfpere, Monsieur, que vous voudres bien procurer par votre Ministere a S. A. E. le lien de la dite Dette. Elle m’a ordonne de vous prier de vouloir bien vous interefier pour cela aupr6s de S. Majeste la Reine, dont je m’aquitte avec votre Permission par ce Billet, eltant, avec Respect,

Monsieur,

Votre tres humble et tres Obeiffant Serviteur,

Bothmar.

A Londres, ce*$2

17xi-A true Copy. Ex,d.

Geo. Tilfon.

WILLIAM, R.

Our Will and Pleasure is, that out of such Moneys, as are or shall come to your Hands, for contingent Uses, you pay unto the Baron Goertz the Sum of Thirty-seven thousand Five hundred Crowns, upon Account of Subsidies to the Elector of Hannover, and Duke of Cell, for their Troops, pursuant to the Treaty, bearing Date the i4thDay of May, 1696; and, for your so doing, this, with the Acquittance of the said Baron Goor of his Assign,

shall be your Warrant, and Discharge, Given at our Camp at Cockleberg this -f-§- Day of June, 1697, in the Ninth Year of our Reign.

By his Majesty’s Command,

William Blathwayt.

A true Copy, compared with the Original.

Geo. tilfon.

To our Right Trusty and Right Well-beloved Cousin and Counsellor, Richard Earl of Ranelagh, Paymaster General of our Forces, or to his Deputy in the Low Countries.

Ordered, That the Copy of the said Letter and Warrant be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House (according to Supply Bill; Order) a Bill for enabling, and obliging, the Bank of Exchequer England, from the time therein mentioned, to exchange BlU4, all Exchequer Bills for ready Money, upon Demand; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this Hpufe will, upon Saturday Morning Bribery next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Eleaiou*. of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for rendering the Proceedings WrjtJ o[ upon Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Na- Mandamus ture of a Quo warranto, more speedy and effectual, and and Quo for the more easy trying, and determining, the Rights Warranto, of Officers in Corporations and Boroughs, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered,

Serf

4 mu (M'f

Privi’* h P'|

rtpnni

cJaifc*

Jlrrun

Ut

Arran :ju h

'.TjflCt

iuli,

Arrears of litfh Pay*

lO ANN-

7 — 9

Martii.

53 9

Scotch, Indian, and African Company.

Privilege — A Person reprimanded and dif-C harmed.

Arrears of Taxes.

Ordered, That the Committee, to tvhom the Petition Issue, the tame cannot be efledted without Authority of of Robert Allen, a Native of Scotland, is referred, have Parliament: The Petitioner therefore prays Leave, that a Leave to fit in a Morning. Bill may be brought in, to enable the Petitioner to make

Leases for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal John Edgeumbe, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, thereof for ever, of the Lands and Hereditaments in

was (according to Order) brought to the Bar; where he, Ireland, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, Ordered, That Leave be giyen to bring in a Bill, and was discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees. according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson, Mr. Ja. Bertie, Mr. Berners, Mr. Hen. Bertie, Mr. Buiteel, Mr. Blackmtre Mr. Jennings, Mr Shippen, be added to the Committee,

Mr. Ward, Sir William Wyndham, and Sir do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Weavers, Dyers, and Combers, in Woollen appointed to consider of the Arrears of Taxes, granted the City of Coventry, in the behalf of themselves, and Manufedwii by Pmhament, in whose Hands they are, and what has many Thousand other Persons, employed in the Woollen

been the Occasion of such Arrears, and same to the House, was referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Adair,

Knight, Lieutenant General Charles Lieutenant

to report the Manufacture in and about the| laid City, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that by the Vast Importation, and excessive Use, of Callicoes, which doth in a great Measure supply, or take away, the use of the Woollen Manufacture, together with the present Scarcity of Money (which is principally occasioned by the great

General Robert Ecklin, Colonel Hen. Monro, Captain and inordinate Exportation of Bullion) the Petitioners Richard Ntwfield, Captain Robert Baird, and Wm. Trade hath received a very fatal Damp Therefore

Hamill, Gentleman, in behalf of themselves, and the humbly pray, this honourable House would be pleased to Ofti ers. Soldiers, and others, of the late Garisons of take into their Consideration the deplorable State of the Londonderry, and Inniskil.'ing, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Woollen Trade, and gram such Relief in the Premises, was rekrred. as to them, in their great Wisdom, should seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-And tlcn the House adjourned till Friday sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Morning, Nine a Clock. Clothiers in the County of is referred.

V eneris, 90 Martii;

Anno io* Ann® Reginse, 1710. Prayers.

Fari Of A P E T 1TI O N of Henry E.irl of of the

Thomood'* jC\. Kingdom of Ireland, wa pic ented to the House, kJUt*. and read; letting foith, that the Petitioner, by his Marriage Settle.-iic at, bearing Date the Lb vent!) Day of June, Seventeen hundred and Seven ('.vine!) he wa» by Act of Parliament enabled to mat. c, n t withstanding his Infancy, upon his Marriage with Elizabeth, Counted of 7 his Wife) is only Tenant for Life of divers Honours, Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, therein comprifcJ, with k-veral Limitations and Remainders over, f r the Benefit of the* laid Earl and Counteis, and their Issue, with the Reversionin Fee to his own right Heirs, with a Power for him to make Chattel Lease, for 3 1 Years absolute, or for Years determinable upon One, Two, or Three, Lives: That the Premisses have been usually leased for Lives; and Henry, late Earl ot 7horaond, the Petitioner’s Grandfather, having made Freehold Leaks, for Thice Lives, of great Part thereof, with Covenants for Renewal thereof for ever, on Payment of a Year’s Rent fora Fine, after the Death ot each Life; and the Estate of" the Family having been generally under Settlements, and Intails; and the Petitioner claiming as a Purchaser under the Settlement on Marriage of his Father and Mother; and divers Tenants having lapled their Time of tendering their Fines, and naming new Lives; divers Doubts and Questions have arisen, whether, and how far, the Petitioner is liable to such Covenants for Renewal, which have occasioned some Suits, and will many more; and the Petitioner, if decreed to be liable, cannot make Freehold Leases, to answer the said Covenants: That, if the Petitioner be enabled to make such Freehold Leases, and Agreements k-r Renewal, he might thereby raise Money, to clear some Incumbrances prior to his Settlement; and by saving the constant Charge of Commissioners, and Agents, for setting Fines, and Leafing, which Fines (while the Tenants are not bound to renew) amount to little, communibus amis, and by saving Law Charges, and

other incident Expences, which have been considerable, the Petitioner’s Estate will become a more certain and valuable Income to all Futurity: That, though the Petitioner has no Issue, and all Parties are consenting, yet, in regard of the said Settlement, and the Possibility <?f Vo 1.IS,

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Members H'mfe, do go with the Mace into and summoned.-

Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and lummonthe Members there to attend the Service of the House*

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The House being acquainted, that a villainous Attempt Attempt on had been made Yesterday by the Marquis de Guiscard, a Mr. Harley’* FrenchPapift, upon the Personof the Chancellor of the Exchequer, when he was fitting in a Committee of her Majesty’s Council;

Refolded, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address

be presented to her Majesty, to allure her Majesty, that this House will effectually (land by and defend her Majesty’s laered Person, and those, who h tve the Honour to be employed under her, against all publick, orlecret Attempts of her Majesty’s Enemies; and humbly to desireher Majesty, that she will be pleased to take Care of her Royal Person, on whole Life the Welfare and Happiness of her People, as well as the Liberties of Europe, entirely depend.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House.

And it is referred to Sir Henry Bunbury, Mr. Cejar,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jof. Jeky/l, Mr. S/fiith,

Sir William Wyndham, Mr. Ward, Lord Compton, Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Conyers, Sir Simeon Steuart,

Mr. Evers field, Mr. Harley, Mr. Freman, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Tho. Powys, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Seobell,

Mr. Manley, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Jo Stonehouse, Mr.

Cholmondy, Mr. Secretary 67. John, Mr. Bathurfi, Sir Choi. Deering, Mr. Shippen, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mh Elliott, Colonel Gage, Mr. Coates, Sir Roger Sir Wm. Drake, Sir William Whitlock, Mr. Oglethorp,

Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Pitt, Sir Nicholas Mortice, Mr. Price,

Mr. Gott, Mr. Trotman, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Robinson,

Mr. Jennings, Mr. Lawson: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber, to draw up the said Address.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to pr. Adam* Doctor Adams, for the Sermon by him preached before thanked, this House Yesterday at St. Margaret's,; and

that he be defined to print the lame: And that Mr.

Windsor, Doctor Paske, and that Mr. Shipdo acquaint

him therewith.

Ordered,

9® Martii.

A. 1710.

Leave of Abfeoce.

Dr. Snape to preach on 28th March*

Bishop of

R<*pfto’s

l*taaniiy<

540

Ordered, That Colonel Drake have Leave to go into the Orde, That the ingrossed Bill for repealing the Act, Importing Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions- of the Third and Fourth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, ^tnc

(intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Commerce me*’ Ordered, That Doctor Snape be desired to preach with France) so far as it relates to the Importation of before this House at St. Margaret's, fPestminster, upon French Wiues, be read the Third time Tomorrow Wednesday, the 28th lnstant. being the Day appointed Morning, by her Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a general Fall;

A Bill for enabling and obliging the Bank of England, Supply Bill; from the time therein mentioned, to exchange all Ex- Exchequer chequer Bills for ready Money, upon Demand, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

and that Mr. Annesley, Mr. and Mr.

do acquaint him therewith.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging John Lord Bishop of Rapho, in the Kingdom of Ireland, from all Penalties, Disabilities, and Incapacities, incurred by him in omitting to take the Oath of Abjuration on or before the First Day of August,

One thousand Seven hundred and Three, and for making all ecclesiastical and civil Acts, done by him, as Bishop upon the said Bill, of Rapho, after such Omission, to be of the same Validity,

as they would have been, if he had taken the said Oath The House being informed, that Mr. attended, Apntfly’i

in due time, was read a Second time. according to Order; he was called in, and, at the Bar, GuardUithip

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwyn, owned the ligning the Petition of Katherine Annejly, and Mr. England, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Richard her Guardian and prochein Amie, presented to the House Hoar, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Richard on last; and that he read the lame, before he

Lcving, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Richard How, Mr. Cross, signed it.

Mr. Peyton, Mr. Goddard, Sir Thomas Powys, Mr. Snell, And then he withdrew.

Mr. Heysham, Mr. Harpttr, Mr. Furrier, Sir John Pack- And the Petition was read; setting forth, that the

ington, Mr. Winnington, Sir Char. Cox:And they are to Petitioner’s Father died seised of a great real and personal

meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Ellate, made his Will, and dilinherited the Petitioner, Chamber. lave a Legacy of £. 3,006, upon Condition to be void, if

Ihe should have any Converlation with her Mother; and The House being acquainted, that her Majesty had the Guardianship of the Petitioner (as pretended) was allow Colonel been pleated to order the Officers of her Army in Spain given to John Lord Feversham, during his Life, and after Glcdbill to to repair to their Commands there upon Monday next; to Mr. Justice Cooke, James Selby, Serjeant at Law, and Resolved, That an humble Address be pretented to her Esquire, jointly; and Ihe was by Habeas

Majesty, that Ihe will be pleased to give Leave to Colonel Corpus brought into the Court of Queen’s Bench, where

Add rtfs to

flay from his Regiment.

G/edhi/l to stay tome Days longer.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as . are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Expiring

Laws.

Mr. Annejley the Custody of her’; but the Court (at 'the Desire of the Petitioner) allowed, Ihe should go to her Mother: Mr. Annejley declares (as Ihe hath heard) that the Petitioner hath forfeited her Fortune, and that he will take Advantage thereof, and obtain the Custody Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine, of her; therefore the Petitioner brought a Bill in Equity what Laws are expired, and expiring, and what are fit to against the said Mr. for him to wave his Pri-

be revived, and continued; and to report the same to vilege of Parliament, but refuses so to do: So that the the House. Petitioner is terrified with the Apprehensions of being

And it is referred to Mr. A iedlycott, Mr Lowndes, forced from her Mother, contrary to her Inclinations, Mr. Freman, Sir Richard Lcving, Mr. Attorney General, and Interest: And praying the Relief of this honourable Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lawjon, Sir Gilbert Dolben, House therein.

Resumptioa of Grants.

Mr. Gonytrs, Sir Simeon St, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Strangwayes, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Ro. lidon, Mr. Lampion, Mr, Annejley, Mr. Berkley, Sir Mojiyn, Colonel Strangways, Dr. Paske, Mr. Heysham, Sir Tho. Powys, Lord fVm. Pawlett, Mr. Wortley; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Strangways presented to the House (according to

Henden’s

Ellate.

Order) a Bill to appoint Commissioners for examining Message to the Lords, the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown since the 13th Day of February, 1688, and upon what Considerations such Grants were made, in order to resume the fame, and apply the same to the Use of the Publick; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of William Henden, Esquire, in the County of Kent, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling other Lands in the same County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Upon which the Will of James, late Earl of Anglesey, touching the Matters mentioned in the said Petition, was read; and Mr. Annejley was heard.

Resolved, That the said Petition (containing scandalous and groundless Reflections upon Mr. Annejley, a Member of this House) be rejected.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, tode- Message to fire, that they will continue fitting some time longer. Wdsto Ordered, That the Lord Compton do carry the said l(.°^nue

The Lord Compton reported, that he had delivered the said Message to the Lords; and that the Lords had answered, that they will continue fitting some time longer.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Supply, the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,

io Ann. 9# — io°

RefelvtJ, That this House, will, upon Morn-

ing neat, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Committee*. Ordered That all Committees be revived*

Attempt on Sir Henry Bunburyreported from the Committee,

>lr. Harley's appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to her kk Majesty, That they had drawn up the same accordingly,

which they had dirt (ft ed him to report to the House: And he rea l the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where it was read, and is as iolloweth; viz.

Mud gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the and Commons of Great , in Parliament aft. cabled, have, to our great Concern, been informed of a most barbarous and villainous Attempt, made upon the Perton of Robert , Esquire, Chancellor ot your Majesty s Exchequer, by the Marquis dc Guiscard, a French Papist, at the Time, when he was under Examination, for treasonable Practices, at aCom-miitecofyour Majesty’s Council. We cannot but be most deeply affcifted, to find such an Instance of inveterate Malice against one, employed in your Majesty’s Council, and so near your royal Perton; and we have reason to believe, that his Fidelity to your Majesty, and Zeal for your Service, have drawn upon him the Hatred of all the Abettors of Popery and Faction. We think it our Duty, upon this Occasion, to allure your Majesty, that we will effectually stand by and defend your Majesty, and those, who have the Honour to be employed in your Service, against all publick. and Secret, Attempts of your Enemies; and we most hu:. u y oclVech your Majesty, that you will bepleifed tetake ail possible Care of your sacred Person, on whole Life the Welfare and Happiness of your People, as well as the Liberties ot Europe, intirely depend.

And we do in ail Humility represent to your Majesty, that one etVectuual Means, conducing to the Safety ot y«>ur Majesty’s loyal Person, will be, to give such Directions, as in \<*ur great Wifdoin shall seem most proper, for causing Papists to be removed from the Cities of London and U cstminster.

The laid Address being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the First Paragriph, by ieaving out, "at," and inserting " before."

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto !)v the House.

Rejtived, Nervine c^ntradicente, That this House doth, agree with the Committee in the said Addrtfc, so amended, to be patented to her Majesty.

Rejoined, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the said Address.

Conference Ordered. That a Conference be deftred with the Lords with Lord*, upon a Matter, relating to the Safety of her Majesty’s Per {on and Government.

Ordered, That the l ord Compton do go to the Lords, and desire the said Confidence.

The Lord Compton reported to the House, that lie had been todefire a Conference wiih ths Lordsj and that they dosgree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to daw up the Address, do manage th.’ Conference.

Ordered, That the Address be delivered to the Lords at the taid Conference.

Then the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir Henry Bunbury reported, that they had been at the Conference; and left the Address with their Lord ship?, and deftred their Concurrence thereunto.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Qtlebar:

Vow 16.

Martii. 541

Mr. Speaker, _ Lords desire a

We are commanded to acquaint this House, that the Conference. Lords desire a Conference immediately with this House upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, as their Lord ships desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Managers of the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir Henry Bunbury reported the Conference; and that the Lords have agreed to the Address, tilling up the Blank with the Words " Lords Spiritual and Tempo-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy i o° die Martii;

Anno io* Annse Regintc, 1710.

P X AT BUS.

A BILL for repairing the Highways between Dunstable

A and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, was read

» Second lime. H"d*'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chap* man. Sir John Mordaunt, Lord Compton, Mr. Farrer,

Mr. England, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Rakes, Lord William Rowlett, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Mr.

thorp, Mr. Loiuther, Sir Richard Levign, Mr. Harpur, Sir Richard Farington, Sir Jacob Banks, Sir Fbo. Willoughby,

Sir Tho. Wheat, Sir Hum. Mach-joorth, Mr. Gvoyn, Mr.

Conyers, Lord Detune, Mr. Cholm/ey, Mr. Mr.

Clarke, Mr. Freman, Mr. Smith, Sir Wm.

Colonel Byerley, Sir Robert Edon-, and all the Gentlemen, that forve for the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, Northampton, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Sneaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Kcsolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, 't hat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.5,130,539. $s. 5 be granted to her Majesty, for Payment of the Debts of the Navy, and for Services performed by them on account of Land Forces, to Michaelmas, 1710, exclusive of the Register Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.134,324. 15*. 8 be granted to her Majesty, for Payment of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, to Michaelmas, 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.424,791. j\\d. bo

granted to her Majesty, for Payment of the Debt for Transport Service, to Michaelmas, lyio.

Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Slim, not exceeding £.1,018,656. 17J. be granted to her Majesty, for Payment of the Principal and Interest on Army and Transport Debentures, tc. Michaelmas, 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.12,025. is. o be granted to her Majesty, for making good the Principal and I nterest on deficient Tallies, to Michaelmas, 1710.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.378,859. 5 8}d. be

6 X granted

542

io° Martii.

A.

Importing Irish Yarn.

granted to her Majesty, for the discharging the Debts, incurred between Michaelmas and Christmas, 1710, in the several Offices of the Navy, Victualing, and Transports, and for Interestonthe Army and Transport Debentures.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding £. 9,375. be granted to her Majesty, to satisfy the Money due upon Account of Subsidies to the Elector of Hanover, and Duke of Zell, pursuant to a Treaty, bearing Date the 14th of May, 1696.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers, Serge-makers, Inhabitants, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the Borough of and Parts

17 I o.

hope, this honourable House will be pleased toconsider of a speedy ltedress, by making the Value of their Yarn equivalent to ours by Duty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assistant, as also of the Merchants, Serge-makers, Fullers, Worsted-combers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of,

and other Petitions, complaining of the Importation of Irish Worsted Yarn into this Kingdom, are referred.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that Yesterday in the Evening Mr. Prolocutor of the lower House of Convocation came to him, and delivered to him (by Order of the said House of Convocation) a Scheme of the Number of Churches and Chapels, and Meeting-houses, within Twenty-leven of those Parishes in and near the Cities of

adjacent, in the County of Somerset, was prefenced to the London and , and the Suburbs thereof, where House, and read; setting forth, that great Quantities of additional Churches are judged to be most wanted; toge-Wool spun up in Ireland into Woollen and Worsted Yarn, ther with a probable Calculation of the Number of and imported into this Kingdom; which is the Destruc- Families and Souls within those several Parishes; which tion of the Wool Trade, and of Navigation, and of many they desired might be laid before this House.

Thousands of her Majesty’s Subjects, whose Employ- And the Title thereof was read,

ments depend on the Wollen Manufacture: Therefore The said Scheme is as followeth; viz.

Parishe*.

St. Andrew, Holbourn,

St. Anne, Westminster

St. Buttolph, Aldgate St. Buto/pk, Aldersgate -"St. Butolph, Bishopsgate -St. Clement Deans -Christ Church, Surrey

St. Gyles*, Cripplegate

St. James, Clerkenwell -St. Sepulchre's

St. Gyles's in the Fields -

St. Martin*s in the Fields

St, Mary Magd. Berm. -St. Paul's, Shadwell St. John, flapping

St. James, Westminster -

St. Leonard, Shoreditch -

‘ 4

St. Margarett, Westminster

St. Paul, Covent Garden St. George, Southwark St. Olave, Southwark St. Saviour’s, Southwark St. Mary, Whitechapel

Poplar and Blackwall

Rotherhith -

Deptford

The Seven Hamlets in Stepney Parish; viz.

Ratcliffe -Limehouse -Mile End, old Town -

Wapping, Stepney -

Spittle Ftilds -

Bethnall Green - .

Mile End, new Town -

Churches -

Chapels and Tabernacles -

Churches. g<S .2 3 <s.s £ t *5 Anabaptist Meeting houses. Independent Meeting-houseV u5 w 3 n 0 -it 3 B <u

f 1 Chapel } I 1 $ I - -

1

1 I 2

1 I I I I

1 I I I

X I

1

f 1 Chapel 7 t 1 3 3 3 - -

1 1 - - - - 2

1 - - X I

| 2 Chapels 1

C 6 Chapels 1 v ^3 2 X um m I

1 2

1 - - I - -

1 £ 3 Chapels 1 I

1 - - I - - I

13 Chapels j 1 - - I

1

1 1 X

1 1 3 1 I

1 2 2 I I

1 . - 1 4 - -

1

1 - - 1 - -

1 1 1 - I

1 l I

- m m 1 - -

m mm - - - - I - -

- 3 1 - I

a Tabernacles 1

- - - I m

28 18 26 23 12

Families, computed in most Places at Six, and in some Places at 10 per Family.

People.

*3

5.000

2.000 4,100 1,000 1,676 i>834

Sl 7 7,100

1.500

2.500

5,800

4.000 at Ten per 1

Family J

2.000 2,167

1,25°

3.000 at Ten perl Family i

2,200

4.000 . at Seven 7

Family i

25 - 1,250 2,900

2,334

3.000 856

9*7

2.000

65,726

3>56°

1,170

470

3>l 7°

3>57°

1,416

14,433

65,726

New

Churches.

to

hw

Kirr

U.

it*

to

h

80,159

S' st -W

i o° Ma

543

Ordered, That the said Scheme be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition

of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inha- _ .

b,tarns - »Greenwich, in the County of Kent, in behalf of ^om France directly French Wines into Great themloivcs, ami others ]>oor Parishioners there, is refer- paying the same Duties, as her Majesty’s British Sub-

added to the Bill, that after during the present War, it shall be lawful for the Subjects of any foreign Prince, in Amity with her Majesty, to impoit

jKior

red; and who are to consider, what Churches are wanting, within the Cities of London and Westand the Suburbs thereof; and that the Committee do examine the V.urer thereof, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Bribery 1 LWcivas-

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Cor-puption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to lave in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Pcw\s took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sj>caker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Powys reported from the Committee,

that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to it, which they had directed him to re-

jects; and the same was once read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

n ev (Sir Robert Davert,

Telleis for the Yeas,^Mn Uoydt

»r n c l xt CSir TTravell.

Ttllm for the Noe^Mr:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read the Second time with Blanks; which were filled up by the House:

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That no Ship or Vessel shall import

t8o.

126.

port, when the House would be pleased to receive the Wines, unless, before (he proceeded on her Voyage

lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday

Morning next*

Ftnjbu $ Xluluw and l)ekfut>u.

Cl I. Fit*

1’itnck S

Ifarqtn* of

Ltuui.

for did take in her Loading in some Port of

confiding of Merchandizes of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of or other her Majesty’s Dominions:

Mr. Granville pretexted to the House (according to And lhe was twice read, with Blanks; which Order) a Bill to continue the Aift for punishing Mutiny were filled up by the House,

and Dcfation, and false Musters; and for the better Pay- And then the Clause the Third time, and,

ment of the Army, and Quarters; and the same was re- «pon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the ceived, ami read the Firrt time. House» to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Th«i «hc Amendments following were severally pro-

r w , _ . , posed to be made Part of the Bill; viz.

A Petition of Lieutenant Colonel John Fitz Patrick

was presented to the House, and read:

And the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Mefligc from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Or Ie bar;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have on(Tcd a Bill, intituled, An Act for

settling the Estates of the llight Noble Evelyn Lord Mar-quisot Dcrc/nsler, and William Pierrepont, F.squire, com-

tfioti'y called Lord King/;01, Son and Heir apparent of the said Lord Marquis, and also for settling the F.state of John Hall, Esquire, on the Marriage of the said William Pierrepont, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House

P. L. 5th and 6th: To leave out " do humbly " beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and After " it" to insert " therefore."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill dopafs;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Td..sf,r,l, Yca,^"^ I

Tenors for, he] So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And, that the

lurid.

A lib, the Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act Title be, An Act for repealing the Ad, of the Third and for veiling a certain Piece of Ground, being Part of a Fourth Years of her Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act Field, called StoncbridgeField, adjoining to Piccadilly, in to prohibit all Trade and Commerce with France) so for

i* 1 / in / »v <1 1 ’ r r 1' . I o c 10 rAintAC # r\ tlia lmn/\rfnli/Ms Libdu»L \A>

Importing

Fitoch

the County of A liddlesex, in Trustees, to dispose of the same, to dil’charge z. Debt to the Crown, and to other Lfes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

The Ordet being read, for the reading a Third time the ingrossed Bill for the repealing the Ad, of the Third and Fourth Years of her Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Commerce with France) so far as it relates to the Importation of French Wines;

as it relates to the Importation of French Wines.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys, were expended in bringing them into Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of

A Petition of the City of Exon was offered, against the Privileges and Eleaions, touching the Elections for the said Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

put. That the Petition be brought up;

The House divided:

Tho Noes go forth:

rp 1, r.1 v (Sir Win. Cor it on,

Trfica for tire Year,’Mr

-p < c 1 v (Sir Robert Davers,

Tellers for the Noes,’ Mf py.je.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Bill was read the Third time.

} ,33-

] *4

Boroughs of Chippenham, Ashbw, Melcomb

Regis, and Wilton, be received upon Monday Morning next, after the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling, and obliging, the Bank of England, from the Time therein mentioned, to exchange all Exchequer Bills for ready Money, upon Demand.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, -to be Mr. Mr. , Mr. Annesley.

\ou l(k

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Curjon, Mr. St rangeway es, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Fleming, Sir John Walters, Mr. Mews, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Hern, Mr. Finch, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. , Mr.

be added to the Committee

Palatines*

Chippenham, fee* Elections.

Scotch, Indian, and African Company.

L-

Pooler*

Eftat*.

Henden's

Eftat*.

Mhse

Adventure

Company.

Thames

Fishery.

544

IO" — 12°

Martii.

ji. 1710.

Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Robert Alien,a Native of Scotland, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning* Nine a Clock.

Luna, 12° die Martii;

Ann<? to* Ann* Reginas, 1710.

Praters.

AN ingrofi*ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Humphrey Pooler, in the Fanfti of Hart/ehimy, in the County of Worcester, was

read the First time.

Mefofved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

spawning, and by unlawful Nets and Engines destroy and expose to Sale, great Quantities of unfizeable Fish, and make great Destruction of the young Brood and Fry of Fish within the said Limits, and are concealed and unknown, where to be found, to the great Decay of the said Fishery, and to the Prejudice of her Majesty in the Sea Service: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation, and Improvement, of the Fishery of the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Geo. Newland and Sir Robert Davers do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mathew*

Estate.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the ancient Manu' fastury of white Brine Salt within the Two Collections of Northwich and in the County of Chester, on

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ACk behalf of themselves, and many others, subsisting by, and for Sale of such Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Mathew, depending upon the said Manufactory, was prefen ted Jate of Petersham, in the County of Surrey, Gentleman, the House, and read; felting forth that, during the deceased, as will be sufficient to discharge his Debts and a^ and present War with France, Ireland was in a great

..... ..... measure supplied with white Brine Salt from these Two

Collections, till within these few Years last pall, that feme Refineries of Rock Salt have been erected in some Parts of that Kingdom: That until 1709, there was

Duty 00 Salt

Legacies, thereon charged by his last Will and Testament, and for settling the Remainder thereof to the Uses in the said Will mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral

Aylmer, Sir Richard Hoar, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Shillings per Ton payable to

Martin, Sir Richard Leving, General Ecctin, Sir Gilbert *?er MaJc% "Ireland' beth for the Br,ne SaLf* and Rock

Filial, Mr. Farter, Mr. Campion, Mr. Serjeant Richard-

j*m* Colonel Grahme , Mr. Sir Geo. Newland,

Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. , Sir

Robert Davett, Mr. Conyers, Sir Simeon Stewart, the Earl of Thomond, Sir Wm. Whitloche, Mr. Ckrjon, Mr. Ro/le,

Sir Edward Turnout, Mr. Lambi Mr. Vincent, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Gory, Mr. Burgh, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jefferies, Mr. Gore, Mr. N* Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Pawleti, Mr. Guflon, Mr. Burridge, Sir Patrick Jcdmfitu, Colonel Palmer, Sir Wm. Withers, Sir Just. Ifliam, Mr. Gott, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Gape, Mr. Antufley, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Henley, and all the Gentlemen, that serve for the Counties of and Surrey:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of fevetal Lands and Hereditaments of William Henden, Esquire, in the County of Kent, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling other Lands in the same County, of a bet ter Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, via* read the First time.

Feafolvod, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Anneftiy presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors

Salt imported there; but a little before that Time an Act passed in that Kingdom, which took Commencement from that Day, for reducing the former Duty of Rock Salt there to only Twelve Pence Ton, leaving the white Brine Salt fully charged with the whole former Duty, as before: That since the Encouragement given to the Refineries by that Ad, there are several new refining Works already erected in Ireland, and more daily erecting, whereby the white Brine Salt Trade is extremely funk within the last Year and Half, and the refiningTrade very much increased, to the great Diminution of her Majesty’s Irish Revenue, the great Decrease of the Profits arising from the Coal Min^s, and the reducing many whole Families to a miferbale Poverty, with many other publick Mischiefs: And praying the Consideration of the House, for a Reduction of the Two Trades of white Brine Salt and Rock Salt to a Par in respect of Duty, either by laying an equivalent Duty in this Kingdom upon all Rock Salt, exported to Ireland, or by such other Methods, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petiton be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Sir Simeon Stuart reported from the Committee of the

: kj

j if-lh

1 &5I

of the Company of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a whole House, to whom the Bill for taking, examining, Method for settling the Differences between the Com- and Hating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was pany and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order committed; that they had left the Blanks in the Bill for to an effectual working the Mines of the said Company, '* " VT J r r‘1 "MI

and the same was received.

Publick

Accounts*

Jro

Dir

Cot

h

b

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, and Commonalty, of free Fishermen of the River of Thames, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Compa-

the Commissioners Names, and for the Title of the Bill, to be filled up by the House, and had made several Amendments, which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read, and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ny, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, ingrossed. that the Petitioners is an ancient Company, incorporated Resolved, That the Number of the Commissioners be within the City of London, for preserving the Brood and Seven.

Fishery within the said River, and within the Limits of Resolved, That no Person shall be a Commissioner, their Charter: That several good Laws for that Purpose who hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to her are already made and provided; notwithstanding which, Majesty.

your Petitioners are become incapable of putting the said Resolved, That the Commissioners may be Members

Laws in due Execution, for that, in endeavouring the of this House.

fame, the Lives of several of your Petitioners have been Resolved, That the Commissioners be chosen by way nmch endangered by great Numbers of Offenders, who of balloting.

follow the fishing Trade without regarding the said Laws, Ordered, That the Members of the House do upon and who frequently catch Fish out of Season, and when Thursday next, at Twelve a Clock,' prepare Lifts, to be

put

V

h;

1

i 2° — 130 Murtii.

545

put into GlafTes, of Seven Persons Names, to be com- The House refdved itself into a Committee of the Supply r missioners, for taking, examining, and dating, the pub- whole House, upon the Bill for enabling, and obliging, Kscturqu.

lick Accounts ot

the Kingdom.

Wivs and Means.

Writs of Mandamus and Quo Warranto.

the Bank of from the time therein mentioned, bill*,

to exchange all Exchequer Bills, for ready Money, upon Demand.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Comers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they Bill for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

Resolved, That this Houfi? will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mandamus, and Inf rotations in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual, and for the more enfy trvn.g, and determining, the Rights ot Officers in Corporations and Borough', was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bdl be committed to Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Henry Banbury, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Conyers, Sir Arth. Kay, Sir Ja. Montagu,

General Ecclyn, Sir Simeon Steu.art, Vlr. Serjeant Richard-Boroughs of Chippenham,

Jon, Mr. Pitt, Mr, Lowndes, Mr. C.rfar,

Mr. Grfar, Mr. Campion, Colonel Bterley, Mr. Seobell, I^ord Down, S r Hen.

Jon, Lord Wmajor, Mr. Harris, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Granville. Mr. Hern, Mr. HaMr. Vet no:, Mr. Sharp,

Sir 7 'ho.Pouell, Lord Wm. Mr. Sir

‘Iho. Lee, Mr. Gaya, Mr. //'rightion, Mr. Fohy, Sir

Royer Mojiyn, Sir Wm. Robinn, Mr. Sir Blackett, Mr. IVaid, Mi. Mr. Mr.

Har pur, Mr. RobhJ-n, Mr. Pawiett, Sir 7 Han more.

Sir Robert Davers, Col mcl Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Richard Levin?, Sir Geo. Mr. Clark, Sir

7 ho. Powis, Sir IV’.n. Cory (on. Sir Am. and all

the Gentlemen of the long Kobe: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Inllrucuon t > t lie said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to give a more (j cedy and ctfer. oal Remedy for those Persons, who, having a Right to their Freedom in Corpo-

Chiprdnni,

.on.

Committee!.

AlTize of bread;

rations and Boroughs, arc denied (lie lame.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the &c. hlc.

Melcomb

Regis, and Wilton, be received upun Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Major Churchill, Mr. Irelton, Mr. kins, Mr. $ hacker ley, Mr. Hern, Mr. be ..Jded to

the Committee, to whom the* Petition of the Mailer,

Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Mistery of Baker?, of the City of London, on behalf of themselves, and others, of the said Miltery, was referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Burgh, Mr. , General,

Ecclyn, Mr. Jennings, be added to the Committee, to "

wh in the Bih for repairing the Highways between Jlab'e and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, was commuted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Kins’* H ill. tcc. Oxford, Advowsons.

Je^min’s

Divorce.

Devon

County

PuMick

Stock.

Pimishing Mutiny and Desertion.

A MefLge tioin the Luc.!.-, by Mr. Refers and Mr. Dot nier:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pa(Tcd a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming to the Principil and Scholars of Kite's Hn//, and College ot Brefn Sc ftr, in the University ot Oxford, the Purclui.e of the AdvowLns of Supn-y. and other Ciiurch *% and for Uttling the l.»rnc to the Benefit of the said Cohere; to which the Loicisdeiire the Concurrence ol tins 11 u:e:

Alio, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ciillblving the Marriage of Stephen Jermin, the only* Son ot Stephen 'jennin, of London, Merchant", with Sarah Bel!, and to enai)!e h;m to marry again; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act h-r ratifying several Purchases, lately made with the publick Stock of the County of Devon, and for making farther Purchases, for the Use of the said County, with the publick Stock thereof, and also for regulating, and better Employment of, the publick. Stock of the said County, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

A Bill to continue the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morriing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Company, of Gun-makers, of the City of London (which was ordered to lie upon the Table, till the said Bill was come in) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee* .

Vo i*. 16.

Mart is, 130 die Martii;

Anno io® Anna? Regin*, 1710.

Prayers.

f^RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Shaftefoury to the C.erk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this prclenr Parliament for the Borough of Shafto alias in the County of Dcrjet, in the room of Edward Seymour,

Esquire, deceased.

Mr. JVard, presented to the House (according to Or- Earl of der) a Bill to enable the Earl of Thomond to make Leases ' Lomond’* for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal thereof for Hle* ever, of the Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, comprised in his M.uriage Settlement} and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marquis of for settling the Estates of the Right Noble Evelyn, Lord 1

Marquis of Dorchester, and William Pierrepont, Esquire, commonly called Lord Kingston, Son and Heir apparent of the said Marquis, and also for settling the Estate of John Hall, Esquire, on the Marriage of the said William Pierrepont, Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Vestry, Putney and others, of the Parish of Putney, in the County of Church. Surrey, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Petting forth, that by Length of Time the Church is so far decayed, as to be in Danger of falling, if not taken down, and rebuilt: That by the great Increase of 1 he Inhabitants, the Church will not now hold the One Half of the People; the Number of the Inhabitants

6 Y consisting

confitting chiefly of poor People (those of Substance being but few in Comparison to them) the Rates to the Poor have in late Years increasel to Four times the Value they were formerly: That by the great Wind, which happened in the Year 1703, the said Church was so damnified, that, for its present Support, the Inhabitants were forced to appoint Workmen, to repair the fame, for which the said Parish became indebted to near the Sum of £. 4.00, which, from the Poverty of the greatest Part of the Pari (hi oners, they have not to this Day been able to discharge, and are without the Means of either rebuilding such Part of the said Church, as may be absolutely necessary, or to enlarge the lame, which, byamodeft Computation, will amount to £.3,000. And pray, that they may be enabled, to rebuild, and enlarge, their Parish Church, by continuing the Duty oh Coals, for adorning and beautifying the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, which ends in 1716, or by such other Ways and Means, as shall be moll reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants of Greenwich, in the County of , in behalf of themselves, and others, poor Parishioners there, is referred, shall be made.

of. 1710.

That, in the following Sessions, the said Bill passed into a Law; but the Agents, concerned in paging the fame, who had promised to insert a Clause for your Petitioner’s Relief, neglected so to do: And prays, that the Receiver General of Ireland may be enabled to receive the Sum of 163. 6s. 91/. Remainder of the Sum of£. 845 (the Pe* tidoner s Purchase-money) for forfeited Lands in and that his Purchaso may be confirmed in respect of the Omission of Payment of the said Purchase-money.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the Ho;

And it is referred to Sir Robert , Mr. England,

the Earl of Thrnond, Mr. Croft, Mr. Sir Gilbert

Dolben, Mr. Manley, Mr. Treby, Mr. Ferrter, Mr. Chapman, Colonel Gage, Mr, Smith, Sir Robert Eden, Dr. Tajk,

Sir Richard Farrington, Sir W Cory ton. Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Hckman, Colonel Lord Barrymore,

Lord Castlecamer, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Wentworth, Mr.

Grimston, Mr. Hedges, Sir Hum. Mr. Lamp-

ton, Mr. 7 Uney, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Annejley, Mr. Ward, Lord Compton, Mr. Medlycot:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

13* Martii.

Regimental

Clothing

Debt.

A Petition of the poor Cl a titters of Gloucestershire and A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , and Mr.

Wiltfhtre’, and the rest of the Creditors of Stephen Fagit, Rogers:

and Peter Faconitr, late of London, Clothiers, was pre- Mr. Speaker,

fented to the House, and read; letting forth, that, during The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, qumd ap. the last War, the said Clothiers furnished the Regiment that their Lordships have lent to her Majesty, to know, points to b« of Foot, late commanded by Colonel Collombint, with what time her Majesty would be pleased to appoint to be attended-

attended with the Address of both Houses; and that her Majesty hath been pleased to appoint this Day, at Two a Clock, for both Houses to attend her at St.;

and that the Lords intend to be there at that time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Cloth, and other Necessaries, for the said Regiment, to the Value of £.6,718. $s. 6d. whereof there remains unfetisfied the Sum of £. 1,359. is. according to a Stare of their Accounts in the Earl of s Office; and

she said Clothiers being Bankrupts, the same belongs to your Petitioners: And pray, that the Justice of their Demands of £. 1,359, owing for cloathing of Colonel Col-lombine's Regiment, according to a State of their Accounts in the Earl of Ranelagh's Office, may be examined, and that Provision may be made for satisfying the same by Debentures (as in like Cafes) or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee of the Supply Dill; whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling, and obliging, the Bank of England, from the time in mentioned, to exchange all Exchequer Bills for ready Money, upon Demand, was committed, the Amendments they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk sTable: where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one.

Robert Adair, Knight, Lieutenant General Charles Rosse, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed Lieutenant General Robert Ecclin, Colonel Henry Monro, unto by the House.

Captain Richard Newjltd, Captain Robert Baird, and A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to dif-William Hamill, Gentleman, in behalf of themselves, and able any Person from being Governor, Deputy Governor, the Officers, Soldiers, and others, of the late Garisons or Director, of the East India Company and Bank at the

of Londonderry and Imi/kiUing, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is referred;

It passed in tire Negative.

Roth’s Pur- A Petition of Abraham Roth, of Butler's Grove, in chafe of Irish the County of Kilkenny, and Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, forfeitures. was preIented to the House, and read; letting forth, that your Petitioner purchased the Town and Lands of UUard and Badyjhantboy, in the said County of Kilkenny, from the late Trustees, appointed for Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Intertfts in Ireland, and having, by Neglect of his Ageist, elapsed the Time for Payment of the Sum of £. 163. 6s. 9 being the Remainder and last Payment of £. 845, his full Purchase-money, your Petitioner’s Purchase became void, though he, soon after Notice of such hie Agent’s Neglect, tendered the said Sum to the Receiver General of Ireland, who refused to receive the lame, as appears by his Certificate, ready to be produced: That your Petitioner in the Year 1707 made his Application to this honourable House, that a Clause might be received for his Relief; and his Petition was referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Archbishop of Tuam, Sir John King, and others, was committed; and the said Committee were impowered to receive a Clause for that

fame time.

And the feme was twice read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bills The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

'Mr. Annejley,

c j

Tellers for the Yeas,

J186.

Tellers for the N0es,[^;: j1

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Charge of Colonel Gledhill upon Sir James Mountague, the 20th of February last, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, be received upon Morning next.

Ordered, That Lord Cafikcomer, Lieutenant General Bishop of Purpose; but the said Bill did not pals that Sessions: Peirce, Mr> Randall, Mr. Annejley, Sir Gilbert Dolby rt,

Sir

Bribrrr it £1«c‘iohs.

ioAnn. 13° — 140 Martii. 547

Sir Edmond Bsc on. Lord Barrymore, Mr. "Dune stub, Mr.

Pit, junior, Sir Geo. Newland Lieutenant General Mr. Cholmondle\, bf" added to the Committee, to whom

the Bishop of Rspho'% Bill, is committed.

Anvtr* of Ordered, That Sir John Packing on, Mr. Cunningham, liilh Pay. Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Farrer, Sir Robert Eden, Colonel Grant, Sir Patrick Johnston Mr. Tarrant, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Fra. Roberts, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Flonrce, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition ot Sir Robert Adair, Knight, Lieutenant General Chat lesRofs, Lieutenant General Robert Colonel

Hen. Monro, Capain Rickard Newftsad, Captain Robert Bard, and William Hamill, Gentleman, in behalf of them-1'elves, and the Officers, Soldiers, and others, of the late Gariions of Londonderry and in the Kingdom

of Ireland, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mcrcurii, 14* Martii;

Anno io* Ann* Begin*, 1710.

Pkayf.rs.

Biddnlph’a A PETIT ION cf T Biddulph Esquire, was

ILiuit. presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

that by several Indentures, dated the 7th and 9th of 1706, and Recovery thereupon fuftcred, made upon the Marriage of your Petitioner with Carew, his now Wife, the several Manors or Lordships of Lapley and Ajion, with the Appurtenances, and the ltcftory or Advowton of the Chuah of Lapley, with other Premisses.in the County of Sidped, were settled, as to Part, upon Trustees, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, if your Petitioner should so long live, to pay your Petitioner’s laid Wife, or as (he should appoint, 100 per Annum, and to di'pose of the Rdidue, during the fud Term, a^ your Petitioner, and his Wife, should in Writing from time to time appoint, and, for want dt such Appointment, then for Maintenance and Provision for your Petitioner, and his Wife, and Family, and alter your Petitioner’s Wife’s Death, then for Maintenance of the Children of your Petitioner by his Wife, with Provision, in case your Petitioner paid his Wife Eighty Pounds per Annum, clear of Taxes, and laid out 200 per Annum, in Maintenance and Provision, as afordatd, then the Term so be to your Petitioner’s own Lie; and after the Determination of that Term, as to that Part, limited for the said Term of 99 Years, as also as to the fell of the Manors and Premifies, to the Lie of your Petitioner, for Life, without Impeachment of Waite, Remainder to Trustees, to preserv contingent Remainders, and after your Petitioner’s Death, as to Part, to the life of your Petitioner’s Wife, for life, for her Jointure, Remainder, as to the Whole, to Trustee6, for 300 Years, for Maintenance of, and for Daughters and younger Sons Portions, Remainder to the first and other Sons of your Petitioner by his laid Wife, in Tail Male, with Remainder to Trustees, for 500 Years, for Provision for further Portions for Daughters of your Petitioner by his said Wife, and after the Determination of the 500 Years Term, then, as to Part, to the Use of your Petitioner’s Wife, for Life,'and after the Determination of the said several Estates, then the Whole to such Uses, as your Petitioner should by Writing, duly executed, appoint, and, in Default of such Appointment, to the Heirs of the Body of your Petitioner, with Remainder to the right Heirs of your Petitioner forever: That your Petitioner hath been married to his said Wife for several Years, and (lie is ftiil living, but, as yet, hath no Issue by her; and hath maintained and provided for her, and his and her Family, very plentifully; whereby, and otherwise, your Petitioner hath created considerable Debts, and is to tar engaged, that he cannot discharge the fame, unless by Sale or mortgaging of some Part of the said Voi. 16.

Premifies; which your Petitioner is advised.by reason of the said several Limitations aforesaid, can’t effectually be done, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale, or mortgaging, Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Cotes and Captain Dyott do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

The House proceeded to take into farther Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill 011 for repairing and amending the Highways, leading from Royfion, in the County of Hertford, to tVater,

in the County of Huntington, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

And the feme was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the B 11.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming to the Principal and Scholars of King’s-ball, and College of Brajen Nose, in the University of Oxford, the Purclufe of the Advowsons of Stepney, and other Churches, and fur settling the same to the Benefit of the said College, was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the white Iron Wire-drawers in and Importing about London, and the Parts adjacent, in behalf of them- Wool Card*, selves, and many Thousand others of the same Trade in and about the Kingdom of Great Britain, was presented to the House; setting forth, that the great Prejudice to the Woollen Manufacture is by the Sale of old Wool Cards, and the Importation of white Iron Wire: And whereas in Great Britain there never was any Wire made for the Wire-drawers under the Size, called Superfine, till very lately; yet, since great Quantities have been run, of smaller Sizes, there has been made in Great Britain ftnall Sizes, ready for the Card-makers, without ever coming to the Wire-drawers Hand; which Practice mud very soon entirely ruin the Wire-drawers, and Thousends of their Families: And pray the Consideration of the House thereon.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Bill to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, and to prevent the Abuses in making the same with old Card Wire, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham, have Leave to go into Leave *f the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occa- Abfrnce. fions.

Ordered, That Mr. Berney have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occa-(ions.

Ordered, That Sir John Miller have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Ocoa-fions.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Alackenzy have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Reid have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition

L,oo£ie

Kennett A Petition of the Constable, Burgeflls, chief Inha-avigtttjoa. qjitants, ancj Freeholders, of the Borough and Parish of Hungirford, in the Counties of Berks and and also

of the Freeholders, and chief Inhabitants, of the several Towns and i ’arishes of Kintbrn r, Sb a I borne.

Little Bedwtn, Ramsbury, Chilton, and

Aviugtou, in the Counties ot Berks And on, the be-

half of thSmlelves, an 1 several other Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Lid Towns and Parishes, and also of Collingborne, in the said County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that your Petitioners being advertised of a Hi I i now before your Honours, intituled, a Bill for making the River Kennett navigable, your Petit-oners humbly hope to make it appear, to the Satisfaction of your Honours, that the said Bill will be ot great Service to the Publick: And pray, that the said Bill may paf> into a Law,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mine A Bill for the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors

Adventure of Company of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a ouipany. Method for settling the DiiFerences between the Company and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual working the Mines of the said Company, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Naval Stores Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lanld ^ie encoura"'n£ *he Transportation of naval Stores from

n any Fart of North Britain; and that Mr. Sir

Campbell, and Mr. Bayly, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported, that both Houses did Yesterday Address. attend her Majt-fty with their Address; and that her Majesty was pleased to give a most gracious Answer thereunto, as so.loweth:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I take this Addrds very kindly from you, on the Occasion of that barbarous Attempt on Mr. Harley, whole Zeal and Fidelity in my Service mud appear yet more eminently by that horrid Endeavour to take away his Life, for no other Reason, that appears, but his known Oppofttion to Popery and Faction. Your warm Concern for the Safety of my Person, and the Defence of those, employed in my Service, is very grateful to me; and I shall always continue my Care for the Welfare and Happiness of my People, by using all Means, that may most efYChially conduce to those Ends, and particularly, by giving the proper Directions for removing Papilts from the Cities of London and according to

your Desire.

I think, it would be reasonable to make a Law, to punish with Death such villainous Attempts on the Lives of Magistrates in the lawful Execution of their Office, though, by God’s Providence, the Mischiefs designed do not take Effect.

Thanks on Resolved, Nemine ContradicenteThat an humble Ad-Antwer. dress be made to her Majesty, to return the humble Thanks of this House for her Majesty’s most gracious Answer to the Address of both Houses of Parliament; and to allure her Majesty, that this House will provide a Bill to pals into a Law, to punish with Death such villainous Attempts.

Attempt on Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to the Lite of a make an Attempt on the Life of a Privy Counsellor to feUo7 L°Un" be Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and that Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Sir Mr.

Manley, and Mr. Hungerford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-and Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to her Majesty.

17

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill to continue the Act for punishing M utiny and Derfertion, and false MufLrs, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Punishing Mutiny an Dtfe. uon.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Privilege-Matter of the Charge of Colonel upon Sir James Ch 'rSe°

tint ague. agamli a

And Colonel Gledhill, being called in (the Mace lying on the Table) was acquainted, that he might call his wm a Letter Witnesses one by one. . »nfl"<n.a,g

And the Bar being down, he flood on the Right-hand tlcCUyus* of it, coming in from the Door; and each Witness flood by him, upon his Examination.

And several Witness's having been examined, as well on the Part of Colonel Gledhill, as of Sir James Mount ague-, the Colonel, and Witnesses, were directed to withdraw.

The Lord Bishop of Carlisle having been mentioned in the Evidence, given at the Bar, in relation to a Letter, written to him by Sir James Mountagu; arid several Copies of Part thereof had been transcribed by his Lordship, and lent to several Persons;

And the House being informed, that his Lordship desired to be admitted to be heard; a Chair was directed to be fetfor his Lordship within the Bar, on the Left Hand from the Door: And the Doors were opened; and his Lordship was admitted in, and, (landing by the Chair uncovered, was desired to fit down; which lie did, and was covered for some time. And then his Lordship rote up again, and flood by the Chair uncovered, and was heard; and then withdrew.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candles.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And Sir James Mountague was heard.

Then the House being informed, that the Lord Bishop of Carlisle desired to be admitted to be heard again, to clear some Doubts, he had been acquainted, was in some Persons; he was admitted in again, as before: And he acquainted the House with what.he had further to offer; and then withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That it appears to this House, that William Lord Bishop of Carlisle hath dispersed several Copies of a Le'ter, pie-tended to have been received from Sir James Mountague,

(a Member of this House) in order to procure Sir James Mountague to be elected a Citizen in the City of reflecting on the Honour ot her Majesty; and, by concerning himself in the said Election, hath iugh y infringed the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain;

The House divided

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved th__________

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that Colonel Gledhill has made good his Charge against Sir James Mountague;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Colonel Gledhill had sufficient Grounds for bringing the said Charge before this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cross, Mr. Swift, Mr. Medjcott,

Mr. Hart, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Nrwhnd, be addeo to t Committee, to whom the Bill for making ihe ive Kennett navigable, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

f Mr. Eversfeili, {Mr. Campion: $Mr. Lawson, (Mr. Lowther:

e Affirmative.

ji56.

1>36-

158 Martii:

549

Saltmaiih’a

Ellate-

Jovify 15* die Martii;

Anno 10* Ann* Regin*, 1710.

Pray b bs.

AB1L L for Sale of Part of the Estate of Philip Saltmarjbe, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, and laying out the Surplus in other Purchases, and also for confirming an Agreement for a

Resolved, That the BUI do pals; and that the Title be An Act for enabling, and obliging the Bank of England, for the time therein mentioned, to exchange all Exchequer BUls for ready Money, upon Demand; and to disable any Person to be Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director of the Bank of England, and a Director of the East India Company, at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Partition, Division, and Exchange, of other Part of his ham, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, Estate in the Counties of Nottingham and Dorset, was and read; setting forth, that the Manufacture of Cutlers read a Second time. Ware, Gun Barrels, and many other Sorts of wrought

Reftlved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Iron, bath been very much improved and increased in this Dtlben, Sir Ja.Etheridge, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Town, and Places adjacent, fmee the Trade to Africa England, Sir Robert Eden, M. Trotman, Mr. Phillipps, w« laid open by Act of Parliament, in the Year 1698, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Effington, Mr. Pitt, Sir by reason of the great Demand_for Exportation by the Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Medfycot, Mr. W rightfon, Mr.

Lambton, Mr. Child, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gape, Sir Geo.

Nnvland, Sir Fra. Vincent, Colonel Lae, Mr. Heysham,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Henley, Mr. New land, Mr. Ward, Sir John Merdaunt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Guidott,

African

Company*

Merchants trading to that Coast, which affords Employment for great Numbers of poor Families in and about the said Town, who must otherwise fall to the Parish: That your Petitioners understand the said Trade now lies under great Discouragement, from the repeated Attempts Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Gale, Mr. Earl, Sir Wm. of the African Company, and their Creditors, to engross Withers, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Strangeways, the whole Trade in a joint Stock Company, exclusive of

Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Robartes, General Erie, Mr. fVyn; and all the Gentlemen, that serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

all others; whereby your Petitioners would be confined to fell their Work but to one Buyer, and at what Price such Buyer pleased; which would prove a Mono’ very grievous to this Town, and much lessen totally impoverish, the Poor, and hinder the Progress of the said Manufactures: And pray, that the Trade

jnooooly, , if not

Weston'i

Estate.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom may continue open and free to all her Majesty’s Subjects, the Bill for confirming the Sale of the Estate of John and be discharged from all Discouragements.

Weston, Esquire, in the County of Surry, and discharging it from the Demands of the Crown, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on the Trade to , is referred.

A Petition of divers Shipwrights, Rope-makers, Sail-makers, Gun-smiths, Anchor-smiths, J liners. Ship-chandlers, Braziers, Brewers, Bakers, Butchers, Block-

AfTne of Billet.

Clerk’s Tabic; where they were once read throughout, makers, Compass-makers, and other Artificers and Trades-

men, concerned in naval Architecture, and dealing in the Manufactures thereunto belonging, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others. Inhabitants of London, Limehouse, Ratcliffe, Deptford, Poplar, -ney, and the Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the African Companys The House proceeded to take into further Considera- late restless endeavouring to gain that Trade, exclusive

___ 1_n______C_____. 1_P________._____~ ...L — _ A.1_11111 nr oil nfk#>rc te nnf nrtlit o nrrA<i t T^i nrAmp n r tn fit*

and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

tion the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act concerning the Assize of Fewel) so far as it relates to the Assize of Billet, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the

of all others, is not only a great Discouragement to the Progress thereof under the separate Traders, but a great Discouragement to its Increafeby new Adventurers: That an exclusive African Company would become the foie Freighter of all the Ships employed in the Trade,

and of most of those employed in the Well-India Trade;

Bill, were read a Second time, one by one, and, upon the whereby the greatest Branch of our Navigation, and Breed

Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Supply Bill;

Exchequer Bills.

of Seamen, and the Livelihoods of your Petitioners, and many thousand Families, depending thereon, would be subject, in Effect, to one single Trader, who would be enabled to set a Price on Freight of all Ships employed in the said Trades; which, it’s humbly conceived, would An ingrossed Bill for enabling, and obliging, the prove destructive to Navigation, and a Monopoly, the Bank of England, for the time therein mentioned, to most grievous of any in the worst of Times; and as it hath

exchange all Exchequer Bills for ready Money, upon been found by Experience, that a Company exclusive Demand, was read the Third time. never did carry on any Trade to that Extent as many

And the Amendments following were severally pro- private Traders, To there is great Reason to fear a general posed to be made to the Bill; viz. Decay and Decreafeof the Western Navigation; whereby

Pr. 8. Line 26. After " Forfeitures" to insert " Clauses many of your Petitioners, and their Families, will be

deprived of their Livelihoods, if the African Trade should not continue open to all Persons: And pray, that the African Trade may be freed from all Discouragements, and remain open to all her Majesty’s Subjects alike.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal Company, and others, Subscribers

6 2 for

" of Redemption, and other

Pr. 12. Line 17. After "Methods" to leave out " and ;" and after " Continuance" to insert " Power of Redemption

Pr. last, Line last but Two, to leave out " shall." And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Vol. 16.

Ditto*

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

550

150 Marti

Al. 1710.

for the (Support and carrying on <dhe Trade to Afrit*, is City of London, was prefen ted to the House, and read;

African

Company.

Ditto.

referred

A Petition of the Shipwrights, Sail-makers, Rope* makers, Aachor-fmithg, Coopers, and Bakers, as aHb the Ironmongers, Gun-fmitht, Cutlers, federal Shop* keepers, and other Trade linen, of the City of

letting forth, that fence the TradeXo Africa hath been laid open, the Woollen Manufactures have been exported in much greater Quantities by the separate Traders, than at any Time before by the Royal African Company, when they had that Trade, exclusive of ail others: That

was presented to the House, and read; -feting forth, the said Trade now lies under great Discoaragcroeat* by that the building and fitting out of Ships for Merchants the fed Company’s Endeavours to procure that Tride, trading to Africa, b the chfefSupport of your Petitioners, exclusive of all others; which, if obtained, will be a groat fb that, if an exclusive Company should be established, Detriment to your Petitioners, and tend to the Decreate they would be reduced to Poverty: And praying, that of the Woollen Manufactures: And praying, that the the African Trade may be free and open to all her Majesty’s tfrican Trade may be relieved, and made free to ail her 6ubjefts. Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, CtJaGderalion of the Committee of the whole Horde, to

whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on the Trade to Africa, is referred.

A Petition of sundry Merchants, and Planters, of the African Province of Cartlvta, on behalf of themselves, and the Company.

to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal Africa* Company, and others. Subscribers for the Support and carrying on the Trade to Africa, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Leverpoole, trading to the Coast of Africa, and the West Indies, was presented to the House, and read; rest of the Inhabitants in the said Proyinoe, was presented setting forth, that since the laying open the African to the House, and read; setting forth, that, finee the Trade in the Tear 1698, your Petitioners have fitted out settling the Province of Carolina, the Royal African Corn-many Ships for the said Trade, to the Increase of the paoy never suppliedthe fed Province with Negroes; but West Indies, and Improvement of Navigation; yet the that, fioce the opening the African Trade, in the Tear Royal African Company are endeavouring to bring the 1698, great Number* of Negroes have been imported by laid Trade into a joint Stock, exclusive to all other; private Merchants, as well as by the Inhabitants, and whereby the Port of Leverpoole, and all other Out-ports Planters, residing the re, whereby the Pnoduftions of the of Britain, will be debarred from any Part or Benefit of said Province have been very much increased, to the Benefit the said Trade: And praying, that the said Trade may be o Britain, and its Navigation; and the Petitioners

being informed, that the African Company, and their

free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on the Trade to Africa, is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Exon, and of the Merchants, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, in the said County, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since the opening the Trade to Africa, in the Year 1698, greater Quantities of Woollen Manufactures have been vended, than ever were in the time of the African Company’s having that Trade, exclusive of all others: That that Trade lies under great

Creditors, have petitioned for a Confirmation (of their Charter, by an exclusive Trade, whereby the Petitioner will be debarred from fetching their own Negroes, to the great Discouragement of that Province, which, though, the youngest Colony on the Continent, is the 010ft pno-mifing of any, for its great Produce of Rice, naval Stores, and other valuable Commodities, Matters of great Weight in the Balance of Power and Trade, which an exclusive Charter would prejudice to the highest Degree: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may continue open, and that they may have the Liberty of fetching Negroes for the Use of their own Plantations.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adveoturers and Creditors of

Discouragements by the Endeavours of the said Company the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on the Trade to is

referred,

A Petition of the iYlayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Brtftol, in behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the greatest Part of the Trade of this City is to her Majesty’s Plantations and Colonies in America, which cannot be supported, unless plentifully supplied with Negroes from the Coast of Africa: That since the Act of Parliament, palfed in the Year 1698, the separate Traders have lent great Numbers of

to exclude all others from the said Trade, which, if obtained, will prove very grievous to this City, and Places adjacent: And praying, that the Trade to may be

relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on the Trade to Africa, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the

Dittw

Port of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, was pre- Negroes to the several Plantations, by whose Labour vast fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that your Quantities of Tobacco, Sugar, Indigo, and other valuable Petitioners became Adventurers in- the African Trade; Commodities, have been produced there, and imported and that the African Company are now endeavouring to into Great Britain, to the great Increase of Navigation, obtain the said Trade in a joint Stock, exclusive to all and Advance of her Majesty’s Revenue, bolides the great others; which will very much affect the Trade of this Quantities of Gold and Silver, import.. for the Negroes, Port, and tend to the Ruin of the Navigation: And supplied the Spaniards from Jamaita; and that, if the praying, that the African Trade may continue free and Royal African Company should obtain an Act exclusive, open. that then the Woollen and other Manufactuie.% proper

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the for that Trade, will be much lessened in Price at home, Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to and in the Quantities exported, when there is but one

whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on the Trade to Africa, is referred.

A Petition of divers Packers, Dyers, Setters, Callenders,

Buyer and Exporter, and the Plantations but ill supplied with Negroes, when but one Seller and importer; which will be a great Discouragement to the Planters, and an apparent lessening to the Navigation of the united Kingdoms when the whole Trade will be confined to a Monopoly

Tillot-painters, in behalf of themselves, and many other only, and all the other Subjects of Great Britain excluded: Manufacturers of Woollen Goods, living in and about the And praying, that the Trade to Africa may be settled in 25 such

i o Ann.

15* Mar tit.

551

such. Manner, that «U the Out Parti of finra/ BtAain touted to the Support of the Petitioner* wtfo, with many have Liberty to trade. Huadredf *of, attorn, hare a great Depen dance ott that

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Trade, which, from the late great Difficulties and Oif-Coosideration of the Committee of the whole House, to couragemtufj, the Company has met with Undtt the pre-whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of foot Settlement, is greatly ditninished, and, in all Pfoto-the Royal Africa* Company, and others. Subscribers for bilky, in groat Danger of being loft to the Nation; whidh the Support and carrying on the Trade to Africa, h«- will prove very prejudicial to the Publick, and a>great ferred. Detriment to the Petitioners: And praying, that the

African A Petition of the Merchants, and Owners of the Ships, Company may be granted lueh <Jffbctual Privilege*, as

Company, in the Port of Whiseiaom, was presented to the House, may encourage them to carry on the said Trade. ')

and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners depend wholly; Ordered, That the said Petition be referred <♦’ Wie

upon their Tratle and Navigation,- especially to the Plan- Cqnlideration of the Committee of the whfclerHouse, no

tations of Firyinia and Maryland, wbcie the Tbtoacco is whom the Petition of the Adventurers Creditors of principally produced by the Labour of Negroes, furnished the Royal African Comparer, and others!-Subscribctl for

hitherto chiefly by the separate and private Traders to the Support and carrying on the Trade to Africa, is ee-

and from Guinea;but being informed, that the Royal ferred.

African Company are endeavouring toobtain an exclusive A Petition of sundry Dyers, Packers, Setters, and others,

Trade, in order to engross and monopolize the said Ne« concerned in the maauflafluring of Woollen Goods in gro Trade to themselves, which would, in Consequence, and abtodt London, was presented to the House, hnd read; subject the Plantation Trade (so beneficial to this King- setting forth, that the Trade to Africa, since laid open, dom) to the arbitrary Will and Pleasure of such a Com- has been Carried oh very irregularly, and uncertainly, and pany, and render it so precarious, as would be an entire has greatly declined; which the Petitioners attribute to Discouragement to the Industry of the Petitioners, to the the many Difficulties and Difoouragetnehts, the Royal People of the West Indies, and to all others, and greatly African Company labour under: And praying, that a prejudice the Revenue and Navigation: And praying* suitable Aflifiance and Encouragement to the said Corn-

Ditto.

Ditto.

pany may beg ranted.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referered to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others Subscribers for

— to Africa, is

that the said Trade may be open and free to all her Majesty's Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of

the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on the Trade the Support and carrying on the Trade to Africa, is re- referred, ferred. A Petition of the President, Wardens, and others, con-

A Petition of the Merchants, and Traders, of the City cerned in the Woollen Manufactory in and about Kidder-of Briftal, to Africa, was presented to the House, and was presented to the House, and read; setting

read; setting forth, that the Trade of this City to Africa, forth, that the Petitioners, with raanyHundteds of other*, since the Act of Parliament in the Year 1698, is become had great Encouragement from the Royal African Com-so considerable, that there hath been exported hence, pany, who were the first, that introduced the making of betwixt the 29th September, 1709, and the First of Febru-divers of our Manufactures, and constantly for many ary, 1710, upon 24 Ships, 16,897 Pieces of Perpetuanoes, Years, while they enjoyed the Trade uninterrupted, by besides other Woollen Goods, and large Quantities of virtue of their Charter from King the Second (of

wrought Iron, Pewter, and other Commodities, the moil glorious Memory) did carry on a very considerable and Part manufactured in Great Britain, amounting to up- regular Trade; but since the Company have been dif-wards of £. 24,800 (as appears by the Ten per Cast. Duty, couraged, and their Trade interrupted by Interlopers, and paid at her Majesty’s Custom-liuufe here) besides the Cost separate Traders, the Vent of our Manufactures has con-of the said Ships, and fitting them out, together with the stantly declined, and now is in a manner quite loft, to the Provision of Beef, Pork, Butter, Cheese, Bread, Peas, great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and their Families; and Beans, for the Subsistence of Seamen, and Negroes, and that the only Method, by which that Trade may be in the said Voyages, which, by a moderate Calculation, rendered most beneficial to the Nation, will be, that, in may together amount to more than £. 50,000 Sterling, the Settlement of that Trade, an effectual Provision may the Exportation of which Manufactories, and Provisions, be made for a certain, large, annual. Export: And pray-are not only a great Advantage to this City, and the ad- ing, that the said Company may be established on such a jacent Counties, but likewise to the Kingdom in general: Foot, as that they may carry on their Trade, as for-

That the Petitioners are informed, that the Royal African merly.

Company, and their Creditors, are endavouring to pro- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the cure the said Trade in a joint Stock Company, exclusive: Consideration of the Committece of the whole House,

That, beside the many Evils attending such a Monopoly, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors if granted, this, and all the Out-ports of Great Britain, of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers which now depend on the Plantation Trade, and are for the Support and carrying on the Trade tois already excluded from Asia, and several other beneficial referred.

Trades (by means of those Companies, already established) A Petition of the Gi:n-makers, livingin and about Ltn-

will be also excluded the Trade to Africa -, which, in don, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Consequence, mult ruin the Trade of all the Out-ports to that the Trade to Africa having been restored to this Na-America, and in a short time the Inhabitants and Planters tion by the present Royal African Company, and by them there: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may not be very considerably improved, by regular and certain large subjected to a Company, exclusive of all others. Exports, to the great Encouragement and Support of the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Petitioners, and many Hundreds of others, until the said

federation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers, for the Support and carrying on the Trade to Africa, is referred.

A Petition of the Shipwrights, Sail-makers, Block-makers, Rope-makers, and other Tradesmen, concerned

in Navigation, inhabiting in and about London, on behalf Privileges of the said Company may be confirmed, of themselves, and many others, was presented to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Royal African Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to Company, by their Trade to Guinea, have greatly contri- whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of Vo 1.. 16. *’w ‘ the

Trade was laid open; since which it has much declined, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and matty

hundred Families; which Trade, the Petitioners conceive will be best retrieved, and supported, by a certain, large, annual Export, which, the Petitioners are informed, the Company are willing to submit to: And praying, that the

African

Company.

Ditto.

Ditto.

552 i5*-^i<f* Martii. A. 1710.

the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on the Trade to Africa, is re* fared.

African The House being informed, that an Officer of the Trade. Customs attended, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to the Order of the First Instant, together with an Account of what Number of Ships have been cleared out for Africa, on Account of the Royal Africa* Company, and the Separate Traders, and what the Duty of Ten per Cent, paid by each of them, has amounted unto, from Michaelmas, 1709, to Michaelmas, 1710.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Said Return and Account were read.

The laid Return and Account are as follow

to Africa, from Michaelmas, 1709, to

1710, and what Duties they bad paid to the African

Company;

We do humbly lay before this honourable House, by the Hands of the proper Officer, the Said Account, both for London, and the Out-ports; to which we humbly pray to be , referred.

And is most humbly submitted to this honourable House.

M. Dudley, Jo. Werden,

J.Stanley, J.

Custom-house, London,

15 March, 1710.

The said Return.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled:

In Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, dated the First InStant, requiring an Account to be laid before this House, of what Ships had been cleared out

flUTSOTTN

Estate

The Said Account.

0* Account of tht Royal African Company. Number of Ships. Ten Pounds per Cent.

From the Port of London 3 £ d. 394. 8. 3.

Custom-house, London, 15 March, 1710.

On Account of the Separate Traders. Number. of Ships Ten Pounds per Cent.

From the Port of London -From the Port of Bristol From the Port of - 25 18 1 £. s. d. 3,199 l — r>757 — 4* 44 8 10$

44 5,000 n 31

Cha. Chrifp, Deputy Collector, Outwards.

l/2Tf

Abler

Ordered, That the said Return, and Account, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on that Trade, is referred.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Publick Ordered, That the Members of the House do, upon Account*. Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glades, of Seven Persons Names, to be Commissioners in the Bill for taking, examining, and Stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

African Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Morning

Company. nextj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on that Trade.

Palatine*. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who were to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

bribery at Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of KUaion*. the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members, to serve in Parliament, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Pttnishing Re/ohed, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom-

Mutiny ami ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dtftruon. upon the Bill to continue the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

l)l\

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 160 die Martii;

Anno io* Annse Regina, 1710.

Praters.

MR. Pytts reported from the Committee, to whom Earl of

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Plymouth* Act to veil the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Wadborough, Estate* alias IVadberrow, in the County of fVorcester, and other Lands there, which came to the Right honourable Other Earl of Plymouth by his Mother, in Trufrees, to be sold, for raising more Moneys, to pay off Debts, charged upon his paternal Estate, and for other Purposes, was committed -, that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

In

loo

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stonebridg* for vetting a certain Piece of Ground, being Part of a Field, called Stonebridgt Field, adjoining to Piccadilly, in invoftingf’ the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to dispose of the fame, to discharge a Debt to the Crown, and to other Uses, was read the First time.

Rtjolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ailin’i; for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir Richard Allin, adds Anruifk, Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and

Norfolk,

io Ann. i 6° Afartii.553

Norfolk, for Payment of his Debts, and settling the Re- growing Importation of the said Manufacture, threatens mainder according to his Marriage Articles, was read them in thelind with utterRuin, unless timely prevented: a Second time. And praying Relief therein.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert O, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table* Dovers, Mr. Hart, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Rowney, Sir Ed- until the Report is made from the Committee, to whom

round Bacon, Mr. Pagett, Dr. Hutton, Mr. Crojfe, Dr. the Petition of the Town of ‘Tiverton, and fever.il other

Pnjke, Mr. North, Sir Ja. Etheridge, Mr. Prise, Sir Petitions, complaining of the Importation of Irish Yarn,

Geo. Beaumont, Sir John Cope, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. is referred.

England, Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Lampion, Sir Edward Stradling, Sir Nicho- Mr. Conyers presented to the Hpufe (according to Or- Trade t<r las Morice, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Mr. Gape, Sir Jofepf der) a Bill to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Sixth America. Jeykili, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Farrer, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Encouragement of the Trade to America j and the same Nnc/and, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Berners, Mr. Duncomb, was received, and read the Fi,rft time.

Mr. Goulfton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Leivis, Sir Cha. Tuynet-, . RThat the Bill be read a Second time.

and all the Gentlemen, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and' Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

B*rpwr«t*» The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled An Act to enable Trustees to make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of William Burgoyne, late of the City of Exon, Merchant, deceased, during the Minority of his Son and Daughters; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence, of this House.:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lmt of Ordered, That Sir Joseph have leave to go the

Abfcoce. Circuit, as being Chief Justice of Chester.

Ordered, That Sir William have Leave to go

into 1 he Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary

Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Jenn!*’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Duane. for difl'olving the Marriage of Stephen Jerm'm, the only Son of Stephen Jermin, of London, Merchant, with Sarah Bell, and to enable him to marry again, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importing A Petition of the Spinners and Carders, employed in Wool Cards, the white Cloth Manufacture in and about Chippenham, Cor/ham, Cafllcccmb, and other adjacent Places, in the County of Wilts, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousand of others, employed in the same Woollen Manufacture, was presented to thcHouse, and read; letting forth, that the Spinners and W ool-carders have been accustomed to ule the old scribbling Wool-cards, to prepare the Wool fer the making of white Cloth; and that they can card Three Pounds of Wool in as little time, as they can card One Pound with the small new Cards, formerly ul'cd: That these old scribbling Cards are bought much cheaper, and will make the Yarn much smoother and better, and more Work will be done by them, for the Use of our Masters, than can be done by the small new ones: That if the Bill, prohibiting the Sale of old Cards, should pals into a Law, it will be the utter Ruin of many Thousands: And praying the Confederation of the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill ltju.il be read a Second time.

importing A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of

Iriiii yarn, employed in the Woollen Manufacture, and of divers others, inhabiting in and about the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that of late Years great Quantity of Worded and Obb Yarn have been imported from Ireland into fsveral Parts of Devon and Somerset, to the great Prejudice and Impoverishment of m&fcy Thousand poor Inhabitants, heretofore employed in manufacturing the said Obband Worded Yarn: That the Mitchicf daily including upon them, by means of the , Y0-1. l(j.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the Importing Petition of the Town of Tiverton, and other Petitions, re- Irish Yarn, lating to Irish Yarn imported, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which thpy had directed him to report to the House: And be read the (amt in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that great Quantities of Worthed Yarn, and also of Bay or Woollen Yarn, have lately been imported into divers Ports of England.

That Irish Bay or Woollen Yarn may legally be imported, paying but a small Duty, and yet great Quantities of Worded Yarn are imported under the Denomination of Bay Yarn, paying the like Duty only, though it is easy to distinguish the one from the other. . '

That Worded Yarn, imported from Ireland can be afforded 5 \d.per Pound cheaper, than what is made i,n the West of England, which amounts to about 36 per Cent. Difference, though of equal Goodnels; by which Means the Weavers make up their Worded Stuffs, and Serges, with Irish Worsted Yarn, without employing the

poor Combers, Spinners, and other Labourers in the Woollen Manufactures, as formerly, who are thereby reduced to great Necessitics for want of Work.

That combed Wool, imported (torn- Ireland, is fold cheaper than English Wool, by a Pcny in the Pound.

That the Labour of Worsted Yearn is at least Pound cheaper in Ireland, than in England, for the middle Sort, which is most used, and 8 d. and 10 and more for the finer Sort; and Woollen Yam id. per Pound.

That the Importation of Irish Worsted Yarn is a great growing Evil, and yearly increases, and, if not speedily remedied, will utterly impoverish the Labourers in the Woollen Manufactures in the Western Parts of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Tavistock (which was ordered to lie upon the

Table, until the said Report was made) be referred to the Corisideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Perrier presented to the House (according to Order) Cual Trade, a Bill to dissolve the present, and prevent the future, Combinations of Coal-owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the farther Encouragement of

the Coal Trade; and the same was received.

Sir Simeon Stuart reported from the Committee, to Petersfield to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from PortlmoutU

bridge, in the Parish of Petersfield, to the Town of Ports- ®oa<ls-mouth, in the County of Southampton, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards

7 A delivered

554

16° Mar tit.

A. 1710.

delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther Confederation upon Monday Morning next.

Lew* of Ordered, That Mr. Frank have Leave to go into the

Abfeoce. Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Justice* of Sir Gilbert Dolbtn presented to the House (according Peace Quali- to Order) a Bill for the better qualifying Justices of fication. Peace in that Part of Great Britain called England \ and the same was received.

PuniAuf The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Com-Mutiny and mjttee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the e eruoa. for punishing Mutiny and n, and false Muf-

ters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, being read;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive aCJause, to prevent the Loft, and Sufferings, of the Officers, and Soldiers, serving in her Majesty’s Forces, by unskilful Surgeons, and unwhollome Medicines.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Commi t tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Granville reported from the said Committee, that they bad;gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Importing A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Coun-IriA Vwa. cil, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Dunheved, alias Latuefion, in the County of Cornwall, on behalf of themselves, and several Hundred poor Families in their Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that whereas great Quantities of Irish Yarn is imported into this Kingdom, to the great Decay of the poorer Sort of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and County adjacent, they being altogether subsisted by the spinning Trade, and having no other way to pro* cure themselves a Livelihood, muff: inevitably starve: And praying, such Care may be taken, that the Importation of Irish Yarn do not prejudice the said Manufactory of Spinning, which will otherwise be of ill Consequence to the Poor, and a very great Detriment to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legari and Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

Sapply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Exchequer Act for enabling, and obliging, the Bank of England, for bllls’ the time therein mentioned, to exchange all Exchequer Bills for ready Money, upon Demand, and to disable any Person to be Governor, Deputy Governor, or Di-restor, of the Bank of England, and a Director of the East India Company at the same time; without any Amendment:

Importing Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An French Act for repealing the Act, of the Third and Fourth

"’»« Years of her Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act to pro-

hibit all Trade and Commerce with France) so far as it relates to the Importation of French Wines, with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Grefvenor’* Also, the Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act Iftate. to enabic Trustees to perform the Marriage Articles of Sir Richard Grefvenor, Baronet, and Dame , his Wife, notwithstanding the Lunacy of Dame Mary Grof. vtnor, and the Infancy of her younger Children, and tot

felling the Estate in the Family, and making building Leases as effectually, as if the said Dame Mary was or found Mind, and her Children of full Age, and ail had joined in levying Fines; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Pointer’, for veiling several Messuages or Tenements in Bride-, ^at#‘ lane, and elsewhere, in the Parish of St. Bridget, alias St. Brides, London, of John Pointe Esquire, in Truf-

tees, to be sold, in lieu and Satisfaction of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, of a greater Value, settled by the said John Pointer to such Uses, and upon such Trulls, as the said Houses in London are settled; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Importing Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for repealing the Act, of the Third and Fourth Years of her Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Commerce with France) lb far as it relates to the Importation of French Wines.

And the same were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and are as follow; viz.

ill Pr. 3 L. After Kingdom" add " or Ireland." a Pr. ift L. Leave out " and declared."

7 L. After" Majesty" insert " upon their own Account, or by Commission from any of her Majesty’s " SubjecU."

9th L. For " them" read " the Subjects of any foreign Prince or State, in Amity with her Majesty;" and after " France" add " directly and immediately ;" and leave out " or any other Place."

17th L. After " notwithstanding" add " provided nevertheless, that the said Wine may be imported,

" as aforesaid, directly and immediately from France " into Ireland, and from thence into any Part of Great Britain

3 Pr. 7th L. After " Goods" insert " and all other " Commodities, prohibited by any Law, now in being,

" to be exported into France, or any Dominions belonging to the French King, in time of Peace."

Ordered, That Sir Robert Doversdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole a'^ Wean*. House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Mr. Eartof

Duncomb, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill Berkshire’a for Sale of the Manor of Reverfby, and other Lands, in the County of Lincoln, the Estate of Henry Bowes, Earl of Berkshire, and to settle other Lands in the County of

Stafford to the same Uses, was committed.

Ordered, That Lord Castle Comer, Lieutenant General Bishop of Peirce, Mr. Randall, Mr. Amefley, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Raphoe’e Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Batrymore, Mr. , Iudemw,y-

Mr. Pitt, junior. Sir Geo. Newland, Lieutenant Ecclin,

Mr. Cholmondly, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging John Lord Bishop of in the Kingdom of Ireland, from all Penalties, Disabilities, and Incapacities, incurred by him, in omitting to take the Oath of Abjuration on or before the First Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Three, and for nuking all ccdcfiastical and civil Acts, done by him, as Bishop of

Rapho,

r«n,

I tenth

Wrf

Tnotf

itie.

Wrfi

{jut.

4

i«f

ThoaowT*

EiUie.

io Ann.

169 — 17* Mar tit.

555

Rapho, after such OmiftJon, to be of tht dune Validity as they would have been, if he had taken the said Oath in due time, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Furl of

Plimootb’s

EiUte.

Sabbat it ,17* die Martii;

Anno 10* Anns Begin*, 1710.

PlATEHJ.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to veil the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Wnd-

borough, slat Wadberrow, in the County of Wtrctfor, and Counties of Nottingham, Southampton, and Somerset L* ‘ «. I-_ And they are to meet this Afternoon, at FiveaClock,

in the Speaker's Chamber.

Refobved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Mr. Smith, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. , Sir Richard

Onslow, Mr. Bertice, Colonel Morton, Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bromley, Lord How, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Eyre, Sir Tho. Ponds, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Gape, Mr. Ed gee mb, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir John Walter, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Fortescue, Admiral Aylmer, Mr. Treby, Lord Compton, Mr. Harris, Mr. Med/ycott, SirC/ia. Turner, Sir Richard How, Mr.

Mr. Catfar, Mr. D. Onslow, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Coventry, Sir Tho. Hamer, Sir Hen. Houghton, Mr. Freman, Sir Robert Eden, Colonel Walpole, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Fielding, Colonel Stanley, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Tho. Onslow, Mr. Wort ley. Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Pringle;and all the Gentlemen, that lerve for the

other Lands there, which came to the Right honourable Other Earl of Plimonth by his Mother, in Trustees, to be loid, for railing more Money, to pay off Debts, charged upon his paternal Estate, and for other Purposes, was read the Third time.

Refoked, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Pyttt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without Amendment.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this Member, House, do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and fun"aM*A Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of this House.

And be went accordingly t And being returned*

The Order of the Day was read, for making Choice Public A Bill to enable the Earl of Thornmdto make Leases ' cf Commissioners, for taking, examining, and Ratings Account*, for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal thereof the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, for ever, of the Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, And the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, went on each compnfed m hia Marriage Settlement, was read a Second Side the House with Glasses, to receive from the Mem-time. bers the Lists of Persons Names, to be Comiltissioners:

Reflohed, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm. And being received; the same were brought up to the Powlett, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Richard Losing, Lord Barry- Clerk's Table.

more. Sir tho. Wheat, Ms. Ward, Mr Bathurst, Mr. That a Committee be appointed to examine Onslow, Mr. Farrer, Sir Wm.Barker, Sir Robert Eden, the Lifts: And that they do report to the House, upon Mr. Denz. Onslow, Mr. Buckingham, Sir Jof. Jekyff, which Seven Persons the Majority falls;

Mr. Fcrrter, Mr. Thomfln, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. And it is referred to Mr. Blackmore, Mr.

Wynn, Sir Rickard Onslow, Mr. Cholmondly, Mr. Duncmb, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Wortley, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr.

Mr. Goulflon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Freman, DuckmMr. Lowther, Mr. Wright/on, Mr. Herne,

Mr. Hungerford, Lord Hyde, Mr. Hart, Sir Gilbert Mr. Gore, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Sir

Dolben, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Wilfou, Mr. Boteler, Sir Whitloe, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Mr.

Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Buheel, Colonel Lee, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr. Bu/teel, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Gwyn, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Mr. Mr. Foley, Mr. Lockhart,

Mr. Child, Mr. Craggs, Mr. Auncfley, Sir John Walter, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Oglethorp: And Mr. Middleton :And they are to meet this Afternoon, they aie to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s $t Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Chamber.

Hendtrt

Marquis of

Dorcherte/s

Estate.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of William Hendon, Esquire, in the County of Kent, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling other Lands in the same County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bridges, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Robert Eden, Mr.

Mr. Lambton, Mr. Farrer, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Goulflon, Mr. Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Campion, Dr. Pofle, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Harpur, Mr. Cross, Sir William Barker, Mr. , Mr. Eyre, Mr.

Hungerford, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Coopers, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Duncmb, Lord Compton, Mr. Carnegie, Colonel Stanley, Sir John Wynn, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Colonel Palmer,

Sir Tho. Wheate, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Hedges, Mr. D. Onslow, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gybbons} and all the Gentlemen that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of the Right Noble Evelyn Lord Marquis of Dorchester, and William Pieirepont, Esquire, commonly called Lord Kingston, Son and Heir apparent of the said Lord Marquis, and for settling the Estate of John Halt, Esquire, on the Marriage of the said William Pun-pun, Esquire, was read a Second time.

Vo L. 16.

The Order being read, for the House to proceed in Cockennouth the farther Consideration of the Merits of the Election Eleaum. for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be called in;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeasi*"M’ } 8S.

Teller for ,heNoes,}.

So it passed in the Negative.

Refslved, That this House will proceed in the farther Consideration of the Merits of the said Election upon Thursday Morning next

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Oldes* Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the Hoilfe, went up to the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that he had, with the House, attended in the House of Peers, and heard the Commission read, declaring and notifying the Royal Afient, in her Majesty’s

Royal A flint to Bills.

t

55<S 17* Martii. A. 1710.

Rnyal A (Tent Majesty's Absence, to feme public k Bills, iind to One Carter, Edwards, 'Nicholas Lanfisr,

to Bill*, private Bill; and the same was, by the Lord Keeper of and Wm- Hart.

the Great Seal, the Lord President of her Majesty’s Richard Billett said, he was invited about a Year ago Council, and other Lords, commissioned for that Pur- to the fitting Member’s House by his Servant, where pose, declared and notified accordingly to, were Eight or Nine other Voters: They were treated

An Act for enabling, and obliging, the Bank of there; and the fitting Member without any Application England, for the time therein mentioned, to exchange to him, paid them Three Pounds a-piece, and took their all Exchequer Bills for ready Money,' upon Demand; Bonds for their Money in his Nephew, Mr. and to disable any Person to- be Governor, Deputy Name: That nothing was then laid of an Election, but governor, or Director, of the Bank of England, and a they took it, they were to 'give their Votes for the £)ireftor of the &ajl India Company at the same time: . Money: That, Three or Four Days before the Election,

An Act to ..repeal the Act, of the Third and Fourth the fitting Member a Iked their Votes, and told them, Years ,of (ler Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for how kind he had been to them ;and said, if any-body prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France) so far would give more, he would give more too. as if relates to the prohibiting the Importation of French That ‘Thomas Ruffeli, Hugh and

Wines: ' had £. 3 a-piece from the fitting Member,

r An Act for ratifying Several Purcfaafes, lately made and gave their Bonds for it; and, about a Fortnight with the publick Stock of the County of Devon, and for before the Election, had their Bonds burnt for their making farther Purchases, for the Use of the said County, Votes; and they laid, they would not vote for the fitting with the publick Stock thereof, and also for regulating, Member, till that was done.

and better Employment of, the publick Stock of the Jo. Fennell laid, that, a little before the Election, the said County: fitting Member came to his House, and asked, if he

An Act to yeft the Manor, or reputed Manor, af would not do, as his Neighbours did; and thereupon Wadborough, alias Wadberrow, in the County of Wor- paid him a-piece from the fitting Member, and gave cester, and other Lands there, which came to the Right Bonds for the Money, in the same manner; ..... had - ., honourable Other Earl of Plimotfth by his Mother, in their Bonds burnt for their Votes for him.

Trustee?, to be fqld, for railing more Money to pay off That Humphry Paul, another Voter for the fitting Debts, charged upon his. paternal Estate, and for other Member, owned, he had £. 3 of him, without any Purposes. Bond.

Philip Edwards Cud, that he, and James Ladd, One of Chippenham Mr. Erevan (according to Order) reported from the the fitting Member’s Voters, had £.3 a-piece from the EleJiion. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, fitting Member, and gave Bond in Name for it.

as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the That Goldney desired his Vote for the fitting Member, Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, and and burnt the Bond; and Ladd offered lrirp £ to not to the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he a Witness against the fitting Member, they had directed him to report to the House; and he Mr. John said, that in the latter End of

read the feme in his Place, and afterwards delivered them August last he heard Walter Bat’d, and several others of in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and the the fitting Member’s Voters, own to the Petitioner, that Report, and Resolulions, are as follow; viz.' they had £. 3 a-piece from the fitting Member.

Upon the Petition of Francis Popham, Esquire, com- Hatter proveda Certificate, that

plaining of an undue Election, and Return, of fa Voter for the fitting Member) was baptized on the Joseph Ashe, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of 7th Day of August, 1691; and said,

Chippenham, in the County of Wilts. That Stephen Wheatly (another of his Voters) owned,.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the he was not of Age in December last!

Bailiff, Burgesses, and Freemen, being Occupiers of To prove Bribery on the Petitioner's Part.

Burgage Houses. The Counsel for the fitting Member produced- a’

That the Poll was.thus: Settlement, made by the Petitioner’s Ancestor in 1654;

63 for the fitting Member: whereby a Charity of £. 6 is settled, and appointed to be

4a for the Petitioner. annually distributed to Three of the poor Freemen, or

That the Petitioner’s Counsel obiefted to 30 of the free Burgesses, of the Borough, to be nominated by the fitting Member’s Voters, for Briber}', and two for Heir of the Family, and, in default thereof, by the Minority: And they examined Witnesses; viz.Bailiff and Corporation of Chippenham.

Edward Barnett said, that in January, 1709, the fitting That the Petitioner’s Counsel alleged, the Petitioner Member sent for several of the Voters to His House, and is not Heir of the Family, his Father being living; and without any Application on their , Parts, advanced them that the Bailiff and Corporation dispose of this Charity,

£. 3 a-piece, and took Notes from thetn for the Money. a6 they think fit.

That Joseph -Browneand 11ifliopt Lovelock (who voted That the fitting Member’s Counsel examined Wit-

foF the fitting Member) and the Witness (who voted nesses; viz.

against him) had each of them £.3from him: That Stephen Hodson said, the Petitioner asked his Vote: nothing was then said of any Election, or of lending, or That he told him, he was engaged; and the Petitioner borrowing, the Money; but the fitting Member asked asked him, if he had received the Kjndness of his them, if they would accept of that Sum, as others had Family; and he told him, no.

done. That Mr. Tuck, one of the Burgesses, solicited Votes

/dam Tuck said, that a considerable time before the for the Petitioner, and told if he would not

Election, he heard 25 of the fitting Member’s Voters vote for him, he should never have any of thej Pophams tell the Petitioner, when they asked their Votes for this Charity: That Tuck, the Night before the Election, Election, that they could not vote for him, because they treated several of the Voters on both Sides at the Bell, had received £. 3 a-piece of the fitting Member, and but the Petitioner was not there, they could not go from it; else, a great many of them That Philip Edwards (who voted for the Petitioner) declared, they would vote for the Petitioner. declared. Two or Three Nights before the Election, he

That those Voters were Stephen Harvet, Joseph Browne, would vote for that Gentleman, that gave him the belt Tho. Stickle, Edward Moxham, John Kington, Jonathan Peny.

Head, John Rujfeli, Waller Doddimead, Wm. Zealy, Ri- said, Mr. Tuck told him, the Power of

chard Salmon, Wm. Nicchols, Wm. Lovelock, Wm. Smith, disposing ihe Charity was in the Pophams, and not in the Thomas Gale, Howell Martyn, Tho. Jeffery, James Ladd, Bailiff; and he might depend upon it, none should have

Richard Martyn, Henry Hyett, John Dunn, Wm. Gur~ it, but those, that voted for the Petitioner.

19 James

oosae

557

Artibnrtrm

rjodion.

James Reynolds said, the Petitioner often acting his fices at Ashburton \ and none, but Tenants of Burgage Vote, he told him, the fitting Member had been his Tenements, serve Offices there: That the present Por-Friend: and the Petitioner had warned him out of his treeve voted for Lands.

House the Day before the Election.

That the Petitioner replied, whatever the fitting Member had done, he would double the Money; and therefore he voted for the Petitioner.

That he had £. 3 a Year ago, of the fitting Member, and gave Bond for it; and then his Vote was asked. Being further examined, he denied, his Vote was then asked; and said, Mr. Long offered to repair his House, and cloath his Family, for his Vote for the Petitioner.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Jo/iph Ashe, Hfquire, is not duly defied a Burgess, to I'crvc in this present Parliament lor the Borough of Chipenham, in the County of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Frauds Popham, junior, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said B >rough ot Chipenham.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agree ! unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this lloule upon Monday/ Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Chip, in the County of Wilts, by rafing out the Name of JJeph Ashe , Esquire, and inferring the Name of Frands , junior,

Esquire, in Read thereof.

Mr. Fremanalfo (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Ashiwtc a,in the County of and the

Hesolutions of the Committee thercup >n, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and the Report, and Resolution*, are as follow;

Lpou the Petitions of Rubard and George

Court’.’nay, Klquirts, and several Electors of the Borough ot Afahmson, in the County of , com-

piaininj; o| an undue Election, and Return, of Roger Tuckfidd, and Richard L Esquires, to serve

for the said Borough:

That the Right of Election was admitted to be in the Freeholders, having Lands or Tenements, holden of the Borough only.

The Poll was thus:

81 for Mr. 7‘tickfield:

80 for Mr. Lloyd:

69 lor Mr. Rcxne/l:

C4 for Mr. Courtenay.

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged, that there are in the Purish of A .‘.burton Two Manors, called Haljhanger and Halwell. which are holden of the Manor of

ton-, and that there are divers Freehold Lands and Tenements lying within the Borough called Haljhanger and Halwell Linds, that belong to the Borough, and pay a Borough Rent; and that all the Freeholders of those Lands have Right to vote.

And they examined Witnesses; viz.

John Dinhamlaid, he has known the Borough 30

Years; was in 1684, and several Years after. Steward of it, and has been at 13 or 14 Elections: That the Freeholders of the Lands there, called Haljhanger and Halwell Lands, always voted, without any Objection, till 1707; and several of them have voted at one and the same Election. That those Lands lie intermixed in the Ville, are within the District of the Borough, and pay Rent to the Borough: Tlyit the Names of the free Tenants of those Lands arc in the Borough Rolls, without any Distinction; they do Suit and Service, and serve Of-Vol. 16.

That Copies of a Return to Parliament in the Year. 1661, and of Nine other subsequent Returns, were produced; and it was proved by Geo. Fab ion, John , Jo. Robins, that several of the Persons, who signed those Returns, voted at one and the same Election for Lands, called Haljhanger and Halwell Lands; and that the Tenants of those Lands always voted, till Three or Four Years ago: That those Lands pay a Rent of 40 Sh. or 50 Sh. to the Borough; and the Tenants apportion that Rent among themselves, and severally pay their Parts of it. Peter Cooke, Jo. Furze, said, that 21 Persons; viz. Wm. Rijdon, James Border, John Gortley,

Henry Call, Edward Balkaller, John Sear/s, Richard Brecher, Peter Gale, Hugh Smale, Tho. Border, Wm. Jane, John Witherdon, Tho. BaPeter Woodley, Wm. Ford, Richard Ford, John Counter, Jonathan Stoodley, Richard Niccolls, Tho. Balkwell of Torbrian, and Peter Woodley, junior, offered their Votes for the Petitioners: That they all pay, or are subject to pay, a Borough Rent; but were rejected, as Tenants of Haljhangar and Halwell Lands.

Richard Knowling said, that Wm. and Richard Ford’s Votes have been allowed at former Elections; and that 34 Years ago, their Fathers voted for the same Lands.

That the fitting Members Count'd infilled, that the Borough of Ashburton is ancient Demesne of the Crown: That the Manors of Halwell and Haljhanger pay a Burgage Rent, and are as one Burgage Tenement; and orily O ne Vote ought to be admitted for them.

To prove this, they produced a Copy out of Doomsday Book; where Aifuertone is entered Terra Regis: And they called,

John Hoppin, Tho. Sainthill, Jo. Sam. Tozer, Jo.

Sunter; who said, that Haljhanger Manor pays a Rent of 42 Sh. a Year to Ashburton-, and, when Mr. Woodley was Lord of that Manor, he paid that Rent in one entire Sum, and voted in Elections: That they believe, the Tenants of Haljhanger and Halwell Manors have no Right to vote; and several ancient Men have told them so: That feme of those Tenants offered to vote for the fitting Members, but were refused: That those Tenants do Service at Haljhanger and Hallwell Courts, and not in the Borough; but that there are Lands in the Borough, that do belong to the Borough, and are called Haljhanger, and Halwell Lands.

And that the Committee came to this Resolution: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the the Freeholders of the Lands and Tenements, called Haljhanger and Halwell Lands, lying within the Borough of Ashburton, and subject to pay a Borough Rent, have Right to vote for Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ashburton.

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged, they could add several others to their Poll, and disqualify several of the fitting Members Voters, if there were Occasion.

But the fitting Members declared, they would not infill upon their Election; and the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Roger Tuckfield, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur-

gefs, to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Lloyd, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ashburton.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Reynell, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess,

to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ashburton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George Courtenay, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess,

7 B to

to serve- in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Aftihwrtm.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Grown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return, for the Bbrough of Ashbur in the County of by rating out the Names of Roger Tuckfield, Esquire, and' Richard Lloyd-, Esquire, and inserting the Names of Richard ReykeU\ Esquire, and George , Esquire,

mstead thereof.

Weymouth Mr. Freman also (according to Order) reported from Election. the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Weymouth and , in the County of

Dorset, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, Which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Ward, and Richard , Esquires, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Anthony Maurice , James

Littleton, and William Esquires, to serve for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset

That the Right of Election was not contested.

The Poll was thus:

216 for Mr.

189 for Mr. Ashley:

181 for Mr. Littleton:

190 for Mr. Betts:

145 fof Mr.

54 for Mr. Hallett.

That the Petitioners Counsel did not object to Mr. Henly crc Mr. Ashley % Election; but they objected to of the Voters for Mr. and 57 of the Voters

for Mr. Betts, upon Account of Bribery: And they called,

Tho. Gerrard, Robert Hallett, Edward Bayfy, Cha. Langrish, Tho. Whatley, Jo. Jo. Jo.

Parker, Tho. Bayly, James Hunt, Wm.; who laid,

that, about a Month or Two before the Election, Mr. Betts' Agents caused Four* Bullocks to be bought, and distributed in Fourteen Pound Pieces, with a Twelve-penny Loaf, and One Shilling a-piece in Money, to those Voters, and their Votes were asked for Mr. Betts; and that he would not allow of a Six-peny Loaf, that was given to a poor Widow, who had no Vote.

Cha. Langrish, Jo. Thrup, said, that on behalf of the fitting Member, Mr. Littleton, a Bond was given for Payment of £. 200 to the Mayor, and one Mr. and they gave a Counter-bond, to deliver up that£.200 Bond, if Mr. Littleton was not elected, and to pay the Money to the Use of the Town, if he was: That the Mayor declared, he was for the present Tense, and, before the Election, the £. aoo was paid, and the Bond cancelled: That, after that Bond was given, Mr. Littleton was complimented with the Freedom of the Corporation, and gave the Mayor 10 Guineas for the Poor; and that some of the Voters had One Shilling, and others Five Shillings, a-piece, of that Money, to vote for Mr. Littleton.

Robert Coul/on, Jo. Thrup, Cha. said, that

in July last Admiral Aylmer and Sir John Jennings came from Spithead into Portland Road, with a Squadron of Eight Men of War, Two of which were First Rates, viz, the Royal Soveraigne, and the Royal ;and several Merchant Ships with them:

That they were bound Westward, and jay there 10 Days. The Witnesses said, the Weather was fair, when they came in, and sometimes ftermy, while they were 24

there; and in that Time several other Ships from Plymouth came into, and went out of, the Harbour, again i and they never knew a First Rate Man of War there before:

That the Corporation was invited, and treated, on board Admiral Aylmer-, and Mr. Betts' and Captain Littleton's Healths were often drank there: Some People lay, the Fleet came thither by contrary Winds, and others say, they came at Captain Littleton's Instance, and to make Interest for him: That the Fleet was a fine Sight, and the Country People, for 20 Miles Distance, came to fee it.

That, To prove ill P raft ices in the Mayor, several Witnesses were called; viz.

Wm.Humfryes, Jo. Thrup, Jo. Parker, James Hunt, Wm. Lindsey, Tho. Whatley, said, that the Mayor, solicited Votes for the Four fitting Members, and declared, he would shew a new Game at All Fours: That divers old Voters, who lived remote, and had always polled before, were now refused their Poll by the Mayor, when they offered it for the Petitioners, because they had not brought the Deeds of their Freeholds, though they were known to be good Voters: That Deeds were not required from the Voters of the fitting Members; and the Mayor admitted several for them, who were only Lease-holders, and had no Title; and caused several, who came to vote for the Petitioners, to be beat and abused by the Constables, and thrust out of the Hall, without taking their Poll; and threatened some, and refused others, who shewed their Deeds, and offered to poll for the Petition's, alleging, they were not for his Interest; and he declared, that if Mr. Ward had Forty Majority, he should not be returned.

That the fitting Members Counsel examined Witnesses; viz.

Tho. Cooper, junior, Taylo, Edward Mitchell, Richard Ptarfywho said, that other Gentlemen, besides Mr. Littleton, have given Ten Guineas for their Freedom; That the Mayor admitted several Persons to vote for the Petitioners, who did not produce their Titles, and some, whose Titles were doubtful: That Mr. Ward desired a Scrutiny, and, when it was granted, he desisted, and sent word to the Mayor, that he would give him no further Trouble: That Matters were transacted fairly at the Election, in the usual Manner; and none were turned out of the Hall, but to make room for such, as had not voted: That the Mob came from Portland to the Poll with Clubs, and swore, they would have Mr. Ward, right or wrong.

F.dward Tucker, Ph. Ungby, Taylor, said, that several Persons who had no Votes, had Mr. Betts's Benevolence of Bread, Beef, and Money; and some, who had it, voted for Mr. Ward.

And Edward Tucker said, that it was very stormy Weather, and the Wind blew hard at South and South-weft, when the Fleet came in: That he was sent by the Mayor and Aldermen with a Compliment to the Admiral, to invite him athore: That the Admiral said, he could not tell, how soon the Wind might come fair, and that he could not leave his Ship; but, if the Corporation would come aboard, he should be glad of their Company: That the Wind blew so violent then, that the Corporation did not think fit to venture in open Boats, but they went afterwards in a Hoy: That the Wind was then commonly South, and South-weft, and South-weft and by South, and contrary to the Fleet; and the Two-and-twentieth of July they failed, and it was said, they went back again to Spithead: That they had an Account Six Weeks before, that the Fleet was riding at Spithead: They had this Account by a Yatch, that came from thence to Weymouth, to buy Provisions; but they had no Account by that Yatch that the Fleet w’ould touch there: That the Road is large enough for the Navy Royal, and there is no Danger in the Harbour, but in an easterly Wind.

Edward

V.’f vnjouth

Wnt.

io Ann.

*7

Martii.

559

Edward Mitchell laid, that Mr. Ward promised him

the building of a House at Odiham, if he would vote for him.

Mary Bowden said, that by Direction of Mr. Manfell,

who solicited Votes for Mr Ward, Ihe, Two or Three

Days before the Election, distributed Seven-and-twenty Shillings worth of Freeholding Beer to several Voters, do all corporate Acts; and that, according to the Corpo-to drink Mr. Ward's Health. ration Ad, they ought to receive the Sacrament of the

Robert Saxton laid, that Mr. Ward’s Agents bought Lord’s Supper, according to the Rites of the Church of Nine Freeholds for a Guinea a-piece, to make Votes for England, within One Year before they are elected Bur-the Election; and the Freeholds were to be returned geff.s, or their Election is void.

28 for Mr. Mompejfon:

30 for Mr. London:

16 for the Petitioner.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor and Burgesses.

That it was also agreed, that the Mayor and Burgesses

And, to this Purpose, a Resolution of this House, of the 28 November, 1 Anne, in the then controverted Election for this Borough, was produced.

And that, under this Head, the Petitioner’s Counsel ob-jeded to Five of the fitting Members Voters; viz.

The fitting Member (Mr. London) John,

junior, Robert, James, and John, Franker, junior.

That it was alleged, and not denied, that Mr. London

again, when the Election was over.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Anthony Henley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

Weymouth and Me/comb Regis, in the County o f Dorset.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the honourable Maurice Ashley, Esquire, is duly goes to Shower's Meeting-house: And the Petitioner’s elected a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament for Counsel called,

the said Borough. Tho. Dennett, and Reger Ward-, who laid, that Browne,

R.fc/ved.That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and the Three Prankers, are all reputed Dissenters, and That James Littleton, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur- never came to Church, but when the Bishop of Salisbury

gel's, to lerve in this pref.nt Parliament for the said preached; and they never saw either of them receive the Borough. Sacrament.

Rejcved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, to take off Nine others of the fitting Members That William Betts, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur- Voters, and to prove Bribery, and indirect Practices, on gels, to serve in this present Parliament for the said their Parts, the Counsel for the Petitioner called,

Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Ward, Esquire, is not duly elected a Bur-

in this present Parliament for the said

Roger Ward; who laid, that William Moor, the Mayor, desired his Vote at the last Election for the fitting Members; and the Witness telling him, he had promised the Petitioner, Mr. Moor said, he had rather have given £. 100 than he should have promised him his Vote, for he

gefs, to lerve Borough.

Reformed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, depended upon this Election: That Mr. a

That Richard Hallctt, Esquire, is not duly elected a Voter for the fitting Member, abused him, because he Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said would not vote for the fitting Members; and told him, Borough. Care was taken for the future, never to alk his Vote more,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, for they had made 15 Burgesses since the Election; and That the Kicdion for the said Boroueh, as to the said that Mr. had promised the cloathing of one or

M r. Li:t Icten and Mr. Betts, is a void Election. more Regiments, and, if he voted for him, he should

RtJ/. ed. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, never want Work: That Mr. London offered to take off That lulucardTijard, Mayor of the said Borough, is all the Cloth he made, and would keep him, and several

guilty ot li.ver.al arbitrary and illegal Practices in the late others, to work, if he voted for him.

Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said

B 'r uigh.

’Flic laid Rclbluti 'ns being severally read a Second time, were, up >n the Uueflion frverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Edward Tidar Mayor the Borough

Elias Glide said, he had been Serjeant of the Borough between 20 and 30 Years, and was so, till he gave his Voce for the Petitioner in this Election: That Mr. the present Mayor, Three Days before the Election asked his Vote for the fitting Members; and afterwards told him, that, if he had voted for them, it would have been

of tlly.no't tit and Mclcomb Regis, in t lie County of Dor-£. 10 in his way, and that then he could have asked to

Jet, be tak.n into the Custutly of the Serjeant at Arms keep him in his Office; but that now he could not alk it; attending this House, lor the said arbitrary and illegal and there is another put in his Place.

Pradkes. Joan Cole said, That Mr. Cable, the then Mayor, and

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Robert Wanfborough, Robert Payne, James Hoy good, John the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Mathews, and Joseph Cleeves (who voted for the fitting the electing Two Burgesses to serve in this present Par- Members) and several other Voters, were upon the liament lor the Borough of If esmouthand MelcombRegis, Election Dav, t>efore the Election, treated by Mr. Lon-in the County of Dorset, in the room of James Littleton, don at his Lodgings at the Bell in Wilton.

Mary Friend said, that Mr. London, the Morning and Evening of the Election Day, spent between and £. 5 at the Bell upon several Voters; and that he spent be-

tween and £. 5 more at other Times in the House, before the Election.

Mr. Windle said, upon the Election Day Mr. London

Esquire, and William Betts, Esquire, whose Election for the said Borough is declared to be void.

H'iitnn Mr. Freman also (according to Order) reported from Ledtion. the Committee ol Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough ol Wilton, in the County of Wilts, and the Re- laid at the Bell to John Brown, senior, and John foluuons of the Committee thereupon, which they had junior, after they had given their Votes for him, that directed him to report to the House: And he read the now the 10 was their own, for what they had done that same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at Day; and the Witness laid, he knew, they had no Money, the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and the Re- before they went into the Hall, to vote; and when they port, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz. came out, they had several Guineas.

Upon the Petition of Peter BathurJi, Esquire, com- Thar, upon his being summoned to be a Witness plaining of an undue Election, and Return of Charles touching this Election, Mr. Wm. Moor, the present MompeJJon, and John London, Esquires, to serve for Mayor, told him, he would give him any Money to hold the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts: still his Tongue, and, if he did not, he threatened to fend

Thar the Poll was thus: Vol. 16.

him a Soldier, when he came back.

Henry

Wilton

Election.

Henry Jeffery iaid, that his Brother told him,

that, if he came to London* to be a Witness for the fitting Member, his Journey would be worth £. 5 to him, after the Election was over.

Tho. Dennett said, that Roger Cuckney (who voted for the fitting Member) is a Cottager upon the Waste, and does not pay to Church and Poor.

That the fitting Members Counsel examined Witnesses, to justify the Five Votes objected to; to take One from the Petitioner s Poll; and to prove Bribery, and indirect Practices, on the Petitioner’s Part. And they called,

John Wood, Churchwarden of the Parish ofSt. Michael, Cornhill-, who said, that Mr. London received the Sacrament at that Church the 2d of July last, and took a Certificate of it; and that he could not say, that he had seen him at that Church before.

John Brown, junior, and John Pranker, junior, laid, that they, and Robert and James go to the fame

Meeting-house: That in 1706 it was publickly known, they would be elected Burgesses; and that, a Month before such Election, the Witnesses, and Robert and James Pranker, received the Sacrament together at the Cathedral of Sarum.

That John Pranker said, one John Pranker received the Sacrament at the same time; and John Brown said, John Pranker was not there.

John Pranker faith, that John Lee, a Month after the Election, told him, if he had voted for the Petitioner as he did, he might have had Guineas, as he had; but did not say, who he had the Money from, or that he had it for his Vote.

Elias Chalke, junior, said, that, Three Weeks before the Election, the Petitioner laid to Mr. Moor, and the Minister of the Town, that he would give Two hundred Pounds to the Borough, if the Corporation would choose him, and he might fit quiet in Parliament; but that he would not give any thing, if he was not chose: That Mr. Hewes (who solicited Votes for the Petitioner) told him since the Election, that the Monday before the Election he gave to John Browne, junior, Five Guineas by

way of Engagement for his and his Father’s Votes for the Petitioner: That George Twogood (who solicited Votes

for the Petitioner) offered him 50, if he would bring the Petitioner into the House: That 'Thomas Green, one of the Petitioner’s Voters, said, that the late House of Commons made Six more than 16; and he did not doubt, but this House of Commons would make Six more than a6; and that unquestionably the Petitioner would come in: That Mr. Hewes told him, before the Election, that, if the Witness, and his Father, would not vote for the Petitioner, they should have no Clay for the Mill from the Petitioner’s Clay-pits.

Wm. Cant said, that Mr. London gave Directions at the Bell, that no body should have any thing upon his Account, and declared, if they had, he would not pay; and that Mrs. Mary Friend upon the Election Day told him, that none, but his own Company, had had any thing: That only Two of the Corporation, with other Persons, dined there that Day, and they all paid for their Dinner.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to thele Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Mompejon, Esquire, is duly cleCled a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John London, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wilton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Peter Bathurfi, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wilton.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of by

rafing out the Name of John London, Esquire, and inferring the Name of Peter Bathurst, Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Grimston, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Cam- Scotehfndiu pion, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Robarts, Mr. Poltney, be added a‘ld African to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Allen, t'omPan}-a Native of Scotland, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 190 die Martii;

Anno to® Annte Regin*, 1710. Pr A YE RS.

H«sle

Ip

f'-Vf

lb

S\RDERED, That Captain Dyott have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon some extraordinary Occasions.

Leave of Absence.

Mr. Annejly reported from the Committee, ro whom Earl of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Berkshire’* Sale of the Manor of Reverjby, and other Lands, in the *'*'*" County of Lincoln, the Estate of Henry Bowes, Earl of Berkshire, and to settle other Lands in the County of Stafford to the same Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act King's fm, for confirming to the Principal and Scholars of >&c. Oxford. hall, and College of Brajen Noje, in the University of -Advowson*. Oxjord, the Purchase of the Advowsons of Stepney, and other Churches, and for settling the same to the Benefit of the College, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Whitlocke, Mr. Gape, Mr. Windsor, Sir John Mordaunt,

Mr. Hern, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Shackerley, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Tho.

Powys, Mr. Cross, Mr Cotton, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Bayly,

Sir Wm. Wyndham, Lord Scudamore, Sir Hum. Mack-

worth, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Smith, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Mr. New/and, Mr. Herbert, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Wrightion,

Mr. Shippen, Sir Hen. Bellajy, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Freman, Mr. Gery, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. ton, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Downing, Sir Geo. Neivland, Sir Geo. Beaumont-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all, that serve for the Universities: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Kival

scab

lid

Umia

kale.

b

L

J

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Chi nha!. Order) amended the Returns for the Boroughs of Chip- &c. Returns penham, Ashburton, and Wilton. amended.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act GrolVenor’s to enable Trustees to perform the Marriage Articles of Estate. Sir Richard Grosvenor, Baronet, and Dame Jane, his Wife, notwithstanding the Lunacy of Dame Mary Grosvenor, and the Infancy of her younger Children, and for felling the Estate in the Family, and making building Leases as effectually, as if the said Dame Mary was of found Mind, and her Children of full Age, and all had joined in levying Fines, was read the First time.

Resolved,

io Ann.

x 9* Mar hi.

5<Si

MtHU’lefton LlUl«-

Refslved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Scotch Linen

prevent abufo in miking and whitening of Linen Cloth MaI1U,a^*u^ A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Regen and of North Britain, and for the regulating the Lengths,

Mr. lit ccocks: Breadths, equal Sorting, of Yarn for each Piece, and to

Mr. Speaker, hinder the Exportation of Lint, of the Growth of North

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Britain, and all Sorts of Linen Yarn, to foreign Parts j the Sale of certain Lands, and Tythes, in the Manor of and that Mr. Mr. Ried, and Mr. ’do

Tongs, in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of //;/- prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

/urn Muggleflon, decealld, and for the Distribution of the 0r, W Xhat Mr. Acktand have Leave to go into

Money thereby anting, pursuant to a Settlement, made the Coumry for a Month> upon extraordinary Occa-

fions.

of the said Lands, and Tythes, by the said William rledou-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this iiouic.

Lftal*.

Ordered, That Mr. Webb (of Cloucefier) have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Colonel Walter of in

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees, to make building Leaies of Part of the Ellate, late of John Lovett, dccealed, lying in the City the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House,

ot Dublin -, to which the Lords dchre the Concurrence of and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner having been

this House. married to the Mother of , Lord Viscount

And then the Mcfllngers withdrew. he became bound in, and took up for him, several considerable Sums of Money: That the said Lord, and his Naval store* Mr. Smith presented to the House (according to Or- Lady, by Two several Fines, and Deeds leading the Uses

from Scut- tier) a Bill for the encouraging the Transportation of of them, dated the 23d and 24th of May, 1688, con-

naval Stores from any Part of North Britain j and the vcvcd several Lands and Tenements in the County of same was received. Wexford, and to the Petitioner, for indemnifying

him from the said Debts, and all Damages on account of Mr. Onslow repotted from the Committee, to whom them: That the said Lord’s Lady being then ready to take the Bill for vetting in Henry Arundell, El'quire, and his a Journey, and to leave the Kingdom, the said Deeds, H 'irs, the Trust in the hitate of the Lord Viscount and Fines, were drawn in haste, and the Petitioner, being Montagu, winch is veiled in her Majesty by the At- far from home, and not having his Papers, to give a par-tainder of John Caryl, Esquire, for high Treason, was ticular Account of all the Debts he paid, wasbound in, or committed; that they had examined the Allegations of had taken up, for the said Lord, had a Covenant inserted the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the in the said Deeds, that the said Lands ihouldftxnd charged, Perl ons concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that they hid directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s 'l abie.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Lonl

Montagu*

ku&u.

JVr,fcr’>

Mate.

An ingrossed Bill fr in the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages or Tenements in Bride-lane,

not only for the Debts, mentioned in the said Deeds, but also for all others, that were, or should be, taken up by the Petitioner for his Lordship, and which should appear by Writing under the said Lord's Hand and Seal, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses: That in the Month of October, 1688, the said Lord, and the Petitioner, adjusted the said Matter, and the said Lord, by Instrument under his I land and Seal, dated the 21st of 1688, at-

tended by Three credible Witnesses, declared the several

anti elsewhere, in the Parish of St. Bridget, anas St. Debts, therein mentioned, tobetakenupby the Petitioner Brides, London, of John Pointer, Esquire, in Trustees, at |us Lordship’s Instance, and for his Use, and that the ti be lo!J, in lieu and Satisfaction of other Manors, L inds in the said Fines, and Deed, were to Hand charged s, Lands and Tenements, of a greater Value, with them, and all Damages sustained, or to be sustained,

by the Petitioner on Account of them: That the Petitioner was adjudged within the Articles of That

Mcffjag.s, Land tettkd by the said John Pointe to fuel) Lies, and upon lucii Trulls, as the said Houses in London are settled, was lea 1 the First time.

Ref Ned, That the Bill be read a Second time.

l.cave of AUence.

.African

Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Pugh have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

the said Lord’s Estate being, by virtue of his Attainder, vested in the late Trustees, by virtue of the Act of Re-assumption, the Petitioner preferred his Claim before them, for all the Debts he was bound in, or had taken up for the said Lord; which Claim was heard on the nth and 12th of , 1701; and the said Trustees in-

fitting that the Petitioner should prove, that all the Sums, A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and in the said Deeds express'ed, were paid to the said Lord, other Inhabitants, of the Port of Dartmouth, was pre- or for hislJfe; which the Petitioner not expecting, they tented to the JJoule, and read; letting forth, that the being particularly mentioned in the several Deeds to be Petitioners Livelihood and Support chiefly depends on his Lordship’s proper Debts, the said Trustees therefore Shipping and Navigation, which hath and may be much disallowed the greatest Part of the said Debts; whereupon encouraged by the Merchants, trading to Africa, fitting the Petitioner applied to them for Time, to make out the out their Ships from this Port, to the great Increase of fame; and they ordered the Petitioner to be re-heard, the Trade and Benefit of this Town; but the Petitioners after all the other Claims were heard: That the Petitioner being informed, that the Royal African Company, and on the 190 of March, 1701, petitioned for are-hearing: others, are endeavouring to procure the African Trade, That on the Trustees Counsel’s reporting, he ought to be exclusive to all others, whereby the Port of Dartmouth re-heard, au Order was conceived accordingly; and on will be wholly prevented from having any Part thereof, the 24th March, 1701, the Petitioner, with his Countel, or any future Hopes of Benefit thereby: And praying, and Witnesses, attended; but the said Trustees, being that the said Trade may not be monopolized in a joint taken up to the last Minute, allowed them for that Stock, or Company, established at London, but that it Purpose, could not hear your Petitioner’s Witnesses, may remain free and open to all other Parts of Britain. and therefore drew up a Decree ex parte, disallowing Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- the said Sums, fold the Lands discharged of them.

federation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on that Trade, is referred.

V01. 16.

and applied the Money to the Use of the Publick; and the Petitioner, for discharging the said Debts, has been since forced to fell his whole Estate, to the utter Ruin of him, and his Family: And praying, that, inasmuch as the Witnesses, who could prove the Petitioner's

7 C Allegations

Leave of Absence.

Butler’*

Claim*.

562

Allegations to be true, are in the Kingdom of Ireland, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or a Clause or Proviso in an Act, impowering the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland for the Time being, or any Three of them, to hearand determine the Petitioner’s Proofs touching the said Sums of Money, which were disallowed, or rather left undetermined, by the said Trustees, and to give him full Satisfaction for the fame, with Interest, and Damages, out of such undisposed Forfeitures, as were returned by the said Trustees to the Commissioners of the Revenue there, and which are, by Act of Parliament, vetted in the Queen, for the Use of the Publick.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

Affi*e of Sir George Newland reported from the Committee, to Bread. whom the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Mistery of Bakers, of the City of

don, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Answer to Mr. Secretary St. John reported to the House, that Address. their Address of Thanks for her Majesty’s most gracious Answer to the Address of both Houses of Parliament, having been presented to her Majesty; her Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Public Mr. Scebell reported from the Committee, to whom Account*, it was referred to examine the Lifts, delivered in by the Members, to be Commissioners for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, and report to the House, upon which Seven Persons the Majority fell; that they had examined the Lifts accordingly; and that the Majority fell upon the honourable Henry Bertie, Esquire, George Lockhart, Esquire, Salway Winnington, Esquire, Francis Annejley, Esquire,

Clobery Bromley, Esquire, Thomas , Esquire, and

, William Shippen, Esquire: Which Report he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and

are as follow; viz.

The honourable Henry Bertie, Esquire - 246. George Lockhart, Esquire - - - 224.

Salivay Winnington, Esquire - - - 221.

Francis Annejley, Esquire - - - 217.

Clobery Bromley, Esquire- - 194.

Thomas Lifter, Esquire - - - - 168.

William Shippen, Esquire - - - 151.

Ordered, That the said Report do upon the Table, until the Bjll for taking, examining, and Rating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, shall be read the Third time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Importing And a Motion being made, and the Question being Wool Cards, put; That the Bill to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, and to prevent the Abuses in making the same with old Card Wire, be now read a Second time.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

Mardref*’ The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Elute. enable John Hardress, Esquire, and Ann, his Wife, to fell certain Lands in the County of Kent, and for settling of others to the Uses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bribery *t Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Element, whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing of Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices,

A. 1710.

in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Petersfieldt* whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from Sheet- 1’orti'mouth bridge, in the Parish of Petersfeld, to the Town Gf I>'oad,‘ Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, was committed, be taken into farther Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mf. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Complaint being made to the House, that Lieu- privilege-tenant Colonel Filz Patrick had challenged Major Challenging General Peirce (a Member of this House) for Words he a Membtr-had spoke in the Debates of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Resolved, That the said Lieutenant Colonel FitzPatrick having challenged Major General Peirce (a Member of this House) for Words he had spoke in the Debates of this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Fitz Patrick be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

Mr. Granville reported from the Committee of the Punishing whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Act Mutiny and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mullers, Desertion* and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table j where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, with an Amendment to One of them.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That all Cloaths, Arms, and Accoutrements of War, belonging to the Horse, Foot, and Dragoons, in her Majesty’s Pay and Service, who shall receive British Pay, shall be bought in Great Britain, and not elsewhere.

And the same was twice read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to the Invalids.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, that, after the no Surgeon, or Apothecary, be-

longing to her Majesty’s Forces, shall make up his Chest of Medicines in any Part of Great Britain, other than at the Hall of the Apothecaries in London, to be there viewed by the Wardens of the said Company, upon Pain of forfeiting

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And

19® Martii.

laJi

M Xi*

Act

Hv|

k

1

1

i:.

io Anni.

iff — 20° — 2

5*3

And then the C.’ause was upon the Question put

thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made part

of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ing rolled.

Importing A Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and A f-Imb Yarn, fistants, together with other Traders, Inhabiters in the Borough and Pariflt of , in the County of

Devon, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners principal Trade and Bufincis depending upon the Manufacture of Wool into Yarn, lit for making Serges and Kersies, vast Quantities of such Irish Yarns have of late been imported into the neighbouring Sea-port Towns, and sold at such cheap Rates, that the said Trade in general is very much funk and decay. d, and by Means whereof many of the Inhabitants will be forced to leave their Families, and betake themselves into Ireland, for Employment and Maintenance, to the great Detriment of their private Affairs, and Lois to the Publick: And praying the Relief of this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for railing ti e Supply granted to her Majesty.

" Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee

id Wtiu*. ,!1C whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had nude some Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Revived, That this House will, upon WedcfJay Morning n.-xr, resolv^ irself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

AlNxirton George Courtenay, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess r "m* the Borough of Newport, in the County of and

alfj for the Borough of in the County of

D.vcn; made his Tied ion to l'erve for the said Borough of Newport.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ayl.burton, in the room of the said Mr. Courtenay.

Scotch Ordered, Tint Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Tho. Travel!,

aiVicu)81^ Mr. Farm, Mr. Cuibon, Mr. Hopkins, be added to the

Company. Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Allen, a Native of SiOt/aud, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Supply, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £.292,369. is. 4 be granted to her Majesty, for several extraordinary Charges of the War, incurred, and to be incurred.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding £. 103,003. 4 be

granted to her Majesty, for the Use of such Proprietors or Inhabitants only of Nevis and St. who were

Sufferers by the French Invasion, and who have settled, or Hull resettle, their Plantations in the said Islands.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, next. Nine a Clock.

Lun26° die Martii;

Anno io#Ann;e Reginas, 1711.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into farther Con- Earl of sideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Berkftir*’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Reverjhy, and other Lands, in the County of Lincoln, the Estate of Henry,

Earl of Berkshire, and to settle other Lands in the County of Suffolk, to the same UTes, was committed.

And the Amendments were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to One of them) agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 10. L. 33 and 34. Leave out " orfo much thereof, as the Money, arising by the said Sale, shall extend to."

L. 35. After " aforesaid" add " or so much " thereof, as the Money, arising by the said Sale, shall " extend to."

Before " Saving" add Clause, marked A.

A. " Provided, that nothing shall prejudice the Estate " or Interest, which Ann Howard, Spinster, hath, or is entitled unto, by Indenture of Mortgage of the said " Manor of Reaverjby."

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Annesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, with some Amendments, to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Martis,200 Martii;

Anno 10" Anna? Regina?, 1710.

P R A Y E i: S.

Pnnishing \ N ingrossed Bill to continue the Acts for punishing Mutiny and Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for

D«fertion. the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and for approving of Medicines for the Army; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to continue the Acts for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and lalfe Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and for approving of Medicines for the Army.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Vol. 16.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Stamford Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ-electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of the honourable Charles Bertie, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Mr. IVinJlanlcyreported from the Committee, to whom Skeffingtons

the Bill for Sale of Timber upon the Estate of Thomas Eftat*. Skeffington, Esquire, an Infant, for Payment of his.Father’s Debts, was committed, that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-fents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;

and

2 6° Martii. A. 1711.

and that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrafted.

Bribery at Sir Thomas Powys reported from the Committee of the Elections. wji0]c House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther Consideration upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Cockermouth Ordered', That the House do proceed in the farther Eledioc. hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Cockermouth Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Leave Ordered, That Mr. North have Leave to go into the of Abfeoce. Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworth have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Cleveland have Leave to go into the Country for Five Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. JeJfop have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of the Right Noble Evelyn Lord Marquis of Dorchester, and William Pierrepont, Esquire, commonly called Lord King-Jien, Son and Heir apparent of the said Lord Marquis, and for settling the Estate of John , Esquire, on the Marriage of the said Wm. Pierrepont, Esquire: That the said Bill, in case it should pass, as it now is, would greatly prejudice the Petitioner; And praying, he may be heard by himself, or Counsel, what he has to object against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the said Petitioner be heard before the Committee by his Counsel, if he think fit.

Resolved, That this House will, every Day, at Twelve Public a Clock, proceed upon publick Business. Bufmeft.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Tytheof ascertaining the Tythe of Hops; and that Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Smith, and Sir Robert Marsham, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better qualifying Justices Justices of of the Peace in that Part of Great Britain called England, Peac.e be read Tomorrow Morning. fication.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Way* itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee accordingly. 1

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. -

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William , Royal Affect Ordered, That Mr. Wylde have Leave to into the Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Attempt on Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members, the Life of who are to prepare the Bill to make an Attempt upon fcllor C°Un" a Privy Counsellor, to be Felony, without

or‘ Benefit of Clergy, that they do bring in a Clause, to justtly and indemnify all Persons, who, assisting in the Defence of Mr. Harley (Chancellor of the Exchequer) when he was dabbed by the Sieur de Guiscard, and in securing him, did give any Wound, or Bruise, to the said Sieur de Guiscard, whereby he received his Death.

A Meltage from the Lords, by Mr. Meller, and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

Earl of The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by

Berkshire’s this House toa Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estate. Manor of Reverjby, and other Lands, in the County of Lincoln, the Edate of Henry Bowes, Earl of and to settle other Lands in the County of Stafford, to the same Uses:

Punishing Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Mutiny and Act to continue the Act for punishing Mutiny and De-Deferuon. fertion, and fa lie Mutters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters* and for approving of Medicines for the Army; without any Amendment:

Bridge/# Alto, the Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act Estate. for vetting certain Lands in the Parish of

in the County of Kent, formerly purchased by Winifred Bridger and Lawrence Bridger, in certain Trustees, to be sold, for the raising Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Marquis of A Petition of William , Esquire, was presented

ljorchefttr’s the House, and read; setting forth, that the Peti-

lUt,‘ tioner is informed, there is an ingrafted Bill from the

*S

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that he, with the House, had been at the House of Peers, and heard her Majesty’s Commission read, declaring and notifying, in her Majesty’s Absence, the Royal Afler.t to One publick and One private Bill; and that the same was, by the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, and the Lord President of her Majesty’s Privy Council, and other Lords, commissioned for that Purpose, declared and notified accordingly to these Bills; viz.

An Act to continue the Acts for puniftung Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mutters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and for approving of Medicines for the Army:

An Act for Sale of the Manor of Reverjby, and other Lands, in the County of Lincoln, the Estate of Henry Bowes, Earl of Berkshire, and to settle other Lands in the County of Stafford to the same Uses.

----- Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the Way*

whole House, who were to consider farther of Ways and an^ Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, that they had made some Progress; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into the said Committee.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

io Ann.

26* — 27° Martii. 565

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progrefe in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, the first Business, rcl'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Metier and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

Wood* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Great , and several Farms,

Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Henry Wood, alias Webb, Eli]uire, deceased, in Great,

and several other Places, in the County of , for discharging a Mortgage thereon, and for Payment of other Debts of the said Henry , alias , and for applying the overplus Money (if any) arising by such Sale, for the Benefit ol Henry Wood, alias Webb (an Infant) his Son, and Heir; to which the Lords defue the Concur* rence of this House.

Watson of The Order of the Day being read, for taking into S*m by Consideration the Charters of Sir John , relating to his heritable Office in , defeended to him from

his Father;

Ordered, That the said Matter be taken into Confederation upon Thursday Morning next.

M&rqnit of Ordered, That Sir Tho. Man fell, Mr. Mr.

Dorcheftir’* Peyton, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Guyn, Sir -

biUu. toga, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Elfate of the llight Noble Evelyn, Lord Marquis ot , and Wuiiam Pierrepont, Esquire, commonly called l-ord Kingston, Son and Heir apparent of the said Lord Marquis, and also for settling the fcllate ot John , Esquire, on the Marriage of the said William Esquire,

was committed.

Insolvont Ordered, That Mr. Mr. Chapman, Mr. Ac-

D*for». ton, Mr. Neicland, Mr. Sir Cary, Mr.

Guff on, Mr. Lewis, Mr. England, Mr. Mr. Con-

yers, Mr. Jeff>yet, Mr. Hey//.am, Mr. Drake, Sir Ja. Campbell, Mr. Caffe, Mr. York, Mr. Sir John

Stonehouse, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Freman, Mr.

Mr. Lau-fnn, Mr. Jennens, Sir Wm. Wythers, Mr.

M r. Gale, Mr. EJJinglon, Mr. Sir Geo,

Hew!and. Sir Hen. Banbury, Mr. Fenier, Mr. Lambton, Sir Richard How, Mr. Winjianley, Colonel Drake, Mr. Gere, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to ob’ige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to restore them to their Liberty, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 2 70 die Martii;

Anno io* Ann® Reginse, x7x 1. Prayers.

Member* /ORDERED, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace

futumoned. L jnfo t j-,e Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and

summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned,

Way* The House (according to Order) resolved itself into *«d Means, a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty. i Vot. 16.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon ! Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Metier and Mr.

OrUbar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act For Hubbald'* the Sale of the Estates of William Hubbald, and his Fa- ®ebt 10 * ther, Edward Hubbald, in the County of Surrey, for the Crown' Satisfaction of the said William Hubbald's Debt to the Crown, and to preserve the Surplus thereof for the Uses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House t

Alio, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Lady LittoaT* to explain, and make more effectual, a Clause, relating dilate, to the Estate of Dame Rebecca Litton, deceased, in an Act of Parliament made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of Sir John Bolles, Baronet, a Lunatick; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Conyers according to Order) presented to the Supply Bid; House, a Bill for laying a Duty upon Hops; and the HoP same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Thursday call of th* Seven-night; and that such Members, as shall not then House. attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker-do fend his Circular Letters to the Sheriffs of the several Counties of South Britain, as also to the proper Officers of North Britain, to summon the Members to attend their Service in Parliament upon Thursday Seven-night, the 5th Day of April next.

The Form of which Letters are as follow; viz.

From the House of Commons, 27° Martii, 1711.

Sir,

THE House of Commons having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, I am commanded to acquaint you with it, that you may give immediate Summons to all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgestes, within your County, who are returned, to serve in this present Parliament, that they do attend their Service in Parliament on Thursday Seven-night, the Fifth Day of April next; the House of Commons intending to proceed with all Severity against all such of their Members, as Qiall then neglect their Attendance. And you are to give an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon, to,

Sir,

Your humble Servant.

To the High Sheriff of the County of *

These.

From the House of Commons, 27° Martii, 1711.

Sir,

THE House of Commons having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, I am commanded to acquaint you with it, that you may give immediate Summons to all the Commissioners for Shires

7 D and

566

270 — 29

A. 1711-

and Burghs in North Britain, who are returned, to serve Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, in this present Parliament, that they do attend their Ser- and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Ques-vice in Parliament on Thursday, the Fifth Day of April tion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

King’$-hall, tic. Oxford, Advowson*.

next; the House of Commons intending to proceed with all Severity against such of their Members, as shall then neglect their Attendance. And you are to give an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon, to,

Sir,

Your humble Servant.

To Sir James Steuart, or Mr.

Thomas Kenedy, her Majesty’s Solicitors, in Edinburgh.

Sir William Whitlock reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming to the Principal and Scholars of Hall, and College of Brajen in the University of

Ordered, ingossed.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Estate*

The Lord William Powlettreported from the Com- F.arlof mittee, to whom the Bill to enable the Earl of Thomond '1'homuotfii to make Leases for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal thereof for ever, of the Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, was

committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made same Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at

j|W'p

csricJy

.uni)*

iJtW

Oxford, the Purchase of the Advowsons of Stepney, and the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, other Churches, and for settling the same to the Benefit of and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the the College, was committed; that they had examined the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; House.

Ordered, That ingossed.

the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Cocker-

mouth

Election*

Committees.

Hendon's

Estate.

‘Weller’s

Estate.

Sir Gilbert Dolbtn reported from the Committee, to Bishop of whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Raphoe’i for discharging John Lord Bishop of in the King- Indemuily-

dom of Ireland, from all Penalties, Disabilities, and Incapacities, incurred by him in omitting to take the Oath of Abjuration on or before the First Day of , One

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House (according to Order) proceeded in the farther hearing the Merits of the Ekftion for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in

And the Petitioner’s Counsel were heard, and produced Seven hundred and Three, and for making all

several Witnesses, in order to the disqualifying several of ecclesiastical and civil Acts, done by him, as Bishop of the Voters for the fitting Member; and the fitting Mem- after such Omission, to be of the same Validity,

ber’sCounlel were heard, and produced several Witnesses, ?s they would have been, if he had taken the said Oath in order to the justifying of several of the Votes of those ln due t'mc’ wias committed; that they had examined the Persons, so objected to Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

And then the Counsel, and Witnesses, withdrew. and that the Committee had directed him to report the

Resolved, That this House will proceed in the farther same t(\the House, without any Amendments: And he hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of e"vere<a ^hc same in at the Clerks Table.

Cockermouth upon Tuesday Morning next, and nothing to

intervene. Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir Richard Alim,

Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and Nor-Ordered, That Sir Edmund Bacon, Colonel Codrington, folk, for Payment of his Debts, and settling the Remain-

Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Berners, Mr. Henston, der according to his Marriage Articles, was committed;

bhi

iota

Urn (

Allii’f

Estate.

Id

that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made feme Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s And then the House adjourned till Thursday Table; where they were twice read, and, upon the Quefe

be added to the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of William Hendon, Esquire, in the County of Kent, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling otherLands in the same County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Anno

Prayers.

Jovis, 2 90 die Mar tit',

to* Annae Reginae, 1711.

Medlycot reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for vetting the Manor of Buckfeep, and several Lands in Sussex, the Estate of Joseph,

Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and applying the surplus Moneys to certain Uses and Trusts therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true , and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made feme Amendments to the Bill, which they had. directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the *4

tion severaliv put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 16. L. 4. After the Word " Principal" insert " £. 3,000 and to Elizabeth Eaton, Widow, Relict and Executrix of Joseph Eaton, late of Mile-end, in the Parish of St. Dunfan’s, Stebon-heatk, in the County of " Middlesex, for Principal, £. 1,400 both."

L. 9. After the Word "Knight" insert " and " making together."

L. 10. After the Word " feme" insert "£ 3.000."

L. 12. After the Word " Eight" insert " and " Interest for the said £. 1,400 from the 24th Day of " November, 1706."

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bribery, and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, be taken into farther Consideration upon this Day Seven-night; and nothing to intervene.

° A Petit ioit

it-

a,

Cn

Bribery «t Ele&ons,

ioAnn.

29* Ma

567

A Petition of Edward fizard. Gentleman, Mayor of the Cities of and and does not doubt,

the Borough of Weymouthand Melcomb Regis (in Custody but effectual Care will betaken in this Matter, which

Privilege. —

A Person in

etitioM for Serjeant at Arms attending this House) was may be so much to the Advantage of the Protestant

Difcbvgc. presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Religion, and the firmer Establishment of the Church

Petitioner was, by Warrant from the honourable the of England.

Speaker of this honourable House, dated the Seventeenth

Day of this infbmt March, taken into Custody by the That the humble Thanks of this House be Think* for

Serjeant at Arms: That the Petitioner’s falling under returned to her Majesty, for her Majesty’s most gracious M«fl*»

the Displeasure of this honourable House, is the greatest Message, in recommending lo good and pious a Design,

Affliction he ever met with in the whole Courlc of his as the building of Churches in and about the Cities of

Life; and begs the Pardon of this honourable House, and London and H'eftm>fier\ and to assure her Majesty, that

earnestly requests, in Companion to his Circumstances, this House will enable her Majesty to make an effectual

to enlarge him from his Confinement. Provision for the carrying on lb good and necessary a

Ordered, That the said Mr. Ttzardbe brought to the Work.

Bar upon Monday Morning next, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

Navml Store*

from

Scotland.

Dr. Stupe tkuked.

A Bill for the encouraging the Transportation of naval Stores from any Part of North Britain, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Doctor Snape, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday at St. , Westminster;

and that he be drifted to print the lame: And that Mr.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up a;i Address, upon the said Rcfulution, and upon the Debate of the House;

And it is referred to Mr. AMr. Eversfeild, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Finch. Mr. Secretary St. , Mr. Shepp.vd, Mr Laufon, Sir Gilbert Sir

Leving, Mr. Strangewayrs, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Doctor Pajke, Sir Richard How, Mr. Bett/on, Mr. Bulled, Mr. Medlycct, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Crojje, Mr. Soiicito. General, Mr, Lewen, Sir Tic. Mr.

Mr. St obeli, Mr. Hart, Mr. Downing, Mr. Byerley, Mr.

I.e*v* of Ablkac*.

an \a is /i j >1 u/ si- 1 Lewis, Sulim. Pole, Mr. Aiflabie, Su Richard Farrington,

' ‘C<1 Sir Mr. Pit. Mr. ITard, Mr. Utkbari,

Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Hey/ham, Mr. Freman: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

Ordered, That her Majesty’s laid most gracious Mef-Ordered, That Sir John Wynn have Leave to go into the (age be referred to the said Committee, the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

him therewith.

Ordered, That the Mr. Cage have Leave to go into Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occassions.

Ordered, That Sir W-.Uiem Gqflwick have Leave to go

into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. England have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, lions.

Ordered, That no Leave be asked for any Member to go into the Country, but betwixt the Hours of One and

Two of the Clock.

Importing Wool Caidf*

A Petition of the Wool-card-makers, Clothiers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; fitting forih, that for many Years last past, and now.

A Bill to appoint Commissioners for examining the jufomptioa Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the of Grunt*. Crown since the 13th Day of February, 1688, and upon what Confederations such Grants were made, in order, upon extraordinary Occa- to resume the fame, and apply them to the Use of the

Publick, was read a Second time.

Refo'ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday come-seven-night, resolve its If into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the

Card.arc *<* House who were .0 conGdcrfanherof Ways and

».<«. Kingdo,,_.nd a deceitful way has been used,

Way. and M*an*.

of telling old Wool Cards for new, and of making Wool Cards with old Card Wire, put into new Leather, as well to the great Abuse of the Petitioners, who are Clothiers, and ail others, who buy the fame, as to the Lots and Impoverifiiment of the Petitioners, who are W ool-card-makers, who, by reason of the Plenty of foreign Wool Cards, and such, as are made with old Wire, cannot keep their Families, and other poor Persons, on Work, as they formerly uled to do: And praying, that the Bill to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, and to prevent the Abuses in making the same with old Card Wire, may pals.

Ordered, That the same Petition do lie upon the Tabic, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

MetTuce from Mr. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, that he

ib*Qu<«n._ had a Message from her Majesty, signed by her Majesty:

N>w And he presented the same to the House: Which Mr.

Churche*. Speaker lead, and is as followeth; viz.

ANNE R.

Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table j where the same was readj and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, a Duty be laid upon all Skins and Hides of any Bealls whatsoever, of the Produce of Great Britain, or imported into the lame, over and above the present Duties upon the Importation of any of them.

The said Rclblution, being read a Second time, wras, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

"Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they

Ditto.

Her Majesty, having received an Address from the had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed Archbishop, Bishops, and Clergy, of the Province of him to report, when the House will please to receive the Canterbury, in Convocation assembled, to recommend to fame, the Parliament the great and'necessary Work of building Ordered, That the Report be received on Monday more Churches w ithin the Bills of Mortality, is graciously Morning next.

pleated to approve so good and pious a Design, and Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was does accordingly very heartily recommend the carrying directed by the Committee to move, that they may have on the same to this House, particularly in and about Leave to fit again.

---

568 29° Martii. — 2° Aprilis. A.1711.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

[Committees.]

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

[Palatines.]

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Great Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Seven-night.

[Vacation of Seat by accepting Office.]

---

Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and others, poor Parishioners

there, is referred, shall be made.

Ordered, That the Charters of Sir John relating to his heritable Office in Scotland, descended to him from his Father, he taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night, after the Report of the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members^ to serve in Parliament, is considered.

Mathew’* Ordered, That Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Eftat*. Winstanley, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Coventry, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrofifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of such Part of the Estate of Nathanael Mathew, late of Petersham, in the County of Surrey, Gentleman, deceased, as will be sufficient to discharge his Debts and Legacies, thereon charged by his lad Will and Testament, and for settling the Remainder thereof to the Uses in the said Will mentioned, was committed.

---

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunae, 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 10° Annae Reginae, 1711.

Prayers.

---

King’s-hall, A N ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c.Oxford, jT\. for confirming to the Principal and Scholars of Advowsous. King's-hall, and College in the University

of Oxford, the Purchase of the Advowsons of Stepney, and other Churches, and for settling the same to the Benefit of the College, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Naval Star* Ordered, That the Bill for the encouraging the Trans-from portation of Naval Stores from any Part of North Britain,

Scotland. be read a Second time on Wednesday Morning next.

Kingston upon Thame* Church.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Parishioners, of the Parish of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Year 1703 the Steeple and Tower of the said Church was very much damnified by the violent Wind: That they were necessitated to take down the said Spire, and a great Part of the Tower, to prevent the Ruin of the whole Body of the Church, which otherwise mud soon have happened by the Fall of the said Spire, and Tower; and that they have, at a very great Charge, rebuilt the said Tower in a very strong and decent Manner, but are not able (by reason of the Poverty of1 most Part of the Inhabitants) to go on with the rebuilding the said Spire, nor to finish the other necessary Reparation of the Church, both within and without, which, by a moderate Computation, will cod more than Fifteen hundred Pounds: And praying, that they may be enabled to perfect so pious a Work.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the

---

[St. George Southwark Church.]

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and others, Inhabitants of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, on behalf of themselves, and divers other poor Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that their Parish Church is very ruinous, and much out of Repair; and the Roof thereof is decayed and rotten, so that the same is in Danger of falling in: That to repair and adorn the said Church, upon a moderate Computation, will cost the Sum of Two thousand Four hundred and Eighteen Pounds, Three Shillings, and Seven Pence: That the Prisons of the Queen's Bench, County Gaol, Palace Court, and Bridewell, and also the Mint, being within the said Parish, so loads the same with Poor, that the Petitioners are wholly unable to repair and adorn the said Church: And praying, that the said Sum of Two thousand Four hundred and Eighteen Pounds, Three Shillings, and Seven Pence, may be assigned, for repairing and adorning the said Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and others, poor Parishioners there, is referred, shall be made.

[St. Buttolph Bishopsgate Church.]

---

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Vestrymefl, St. Buttolph and others, Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Buttolph Bishopsgate, London, on behalf of themselves, and the Church, rest of their Parishioners, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Parish Church is so old, and ruinous, that, although it has all along been carefully-repaired at the great Charge of the Parishioners, and for many Years part supported by Props, and held together by strong Iron Work, yet so weak and decayed is its present Condition, that it cannot possibly (land long; and by reason of these dangerous Circumstances many of the Inhabitants are deterred from coming to Church, it having more than once given terrible Signs of falling, even ' in Time of Divine Service: That the Petitioners have chearfully borne their Shares of the Duty on Coals, for the rebuilding of St. Paul’s, and the parochial Churches of the City, and, that blessed Design being now happily accomplished, they hope, that in this the Time of their own like Necdlity they shall not want the like Assistance of the lcgiflative Authority in so pious a Work: And praying, that out of the Duties on Coals, or any other Duties, such a Sum of Money may be granted, as may be sufficient for rebuilding their said Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and others, poor Parishioners there, is referred, shall be made.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and other Cravefe*d Inhabitants, of the Parish of Gravesend, in the Councy of Church. Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Pari (lx of Gravesend is within the Port of London, and has therefore always paid the Duty upon Coals, for building and repairing Churches in the City of London: The Petitioners have (at their own great Charge) hitherto kept their Church in very 'good Repair, and decent Order, but having no other Steeple, than a same of Boards, which is now very old, ruinous, and ready to fall, which the Petitioners are utterly unable to build at their oWn Charge: And praying, that they may be admitted to partake of the publick Money, appropriated by Parliament to this Use.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petifion

&lirpr

#rc*Bwish

Church.

StMtrgareirt

<*luirch,

W eUmmUcr.

Importing luiii Yarn.

IOANN. 2° Aprilis. 569

tition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and others, poor Parishioners there, is referred, shall be made.

A Petition of Dame Susan , Relict, and lole

Executrix, of Sir John Morden, late of Cher It on, in the County of Kent, Baronet, deceased, Sir Barnar-

difion, Baronet, and Sir Edmund , Knight,

Trustees for the Charity, founded by Sir John Morden at Eojl Greenwich, was presented to the House, and read j letting forth, that the said Sir John Morden, in his Life-time, did, for the charitable Relief of poor decayed Merchants, erect and build a College in the said Parish of Charlton. near Black-heath, and, towards the Maintenance of the said decayed and poor Merchants, he being Impropriator of the Rectory, and great Tythes, ot East Greenwich, in Kent, amongst other Appointments, did devisethe laid Rectory, and Tythes, to the said Sir iiah Barnardiston, and Sir Edmund Harrison, and Daniel

Morse, deceased, in Trust, for the Life and Maintenance of the said College, and poor Merchants, for ever; to which Rectory the Chancel of the Church of Greenwich doth belong, and, a little before the Fall of the said Church, was, by the Petitioners Order, fully and cffcftu-ally repaired; but by the Fall of the Church, the said Chancel was pulled down, and destroyed: And praying, out of such Provision, as this honourable House shall be pleated to grant, towards the rebuilding of the said Church of Greenwich, such suitable Proportion may be given and

appointed to your Petitioners, for the rebuilding of the said Chancel, and the better to enable the Petitioners to support and maintain the Charity of the said College.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and others, poor Parishioners there, is referred, Hull be made.

A Petition of the Minister, and Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. min.icr, in the County of Middwas prdcnted to the House, and read; setting so^S, that the said Parish Church of St. Margaret?s is very ancient: That the Number of Poor is so increased, that they are forced to make an Addition to their usual Rates, and which amount to 5 or /.600 per Annum more, than they did Five Years ago: That by the Opinion of able Surveyors the said Church and Tower, with the Roof thereof, arc become so decayed, weak, and ruinous, that there is a Necessity of laying out a considerable Sum to repair the lame, the Charge whereof (as appears by an Estimate, ready to be produced) will amount to the Sum of £.5,984. is. 6 And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greemvich, in the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and others, poor Parishioners there, is referred, shall be made.

A Petition of Sir John Percraale, Baronet, and others, in behalf of themselves, and the Merchants, and Manu-fasturers, and others, of the County of Cork, in Ireland, employed in the spinning, and exporting, of Woollen Yam into Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, upon the Prohibition of the Exportation of the Woollen Manufacture of Ireland by an Act of Parliament of England, great Numbers of English, employed in that Manufacture, were forced to abandon the Kingdom of Ireland, and did settle in,

ders, and other Countries, where they received Encouragement, and at this Day carry on the Trade, to the great Detriment of her Majesty’s Dominions: That all the Employment, that remained to the People of this Voi. 1(J.

Country, was the spinning and combing the irWocd, which was and is imported into Great Britain, under such Restrictions, and such a Duty laid thereon, as barely to afford the Manufacturers a poor Subsistence; but if a further Duty be imposed, ’tis unavoidable, that the Per-.

Tons, who are now employed in combing and spinning, will remove themselves into France and other foreign Countries, where they may be employed; and that the Protestants of this County, which are generally,

and the moll in Number of any other County in Ireland, will be very much discouraged and weakened, in regard there is no other Manufacture, or Employment, where to to turn the useful Hands of that People; and that such Proceedings will also, in the End, bring great Disadvantage to the English Manufacture, in railing the Price at

home, and lelfcning the Exportation Cloth to

other Countries: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against laying an additional Duty on Irish Yarn, imported into Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the Importing County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and Infll Y,rB' re. d; setting forth, that the Petitioners being informed, that there are several Petitions before this honourable House, for bringing in a Bill for laying a greater Duty on hrish Yarn,-which may prevent the Importation; the Petitioners are apprehensive, if a Discouragement of such an Importation, by a farthet Duty, should proceed, it may occasion Quantities of Irish Wool unwrought to be sent into this Kingdom, or elsewhere; which would be of dangerous Consequence, and, as we humbly conceive, c-iufe a very great Fall in the Price of Wool, to

the apparent Detriment, not only of the Petitioners in their Estates, but of all the Landholders in Great Britain, and Hazard of supplying of other Nations with Wool from Ireland, whereby Strangers would have the Benefit of the nianufacturing thereof, to the lcffcning the Poor’s Labour in this Kingdom: And praying the Consideration of this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of the Worsted Weavers, and Combers, of Ditto, the City of Norwich, and Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the importing of Irish Yarn into Great Britain, at such cheap Rates and Prices, lor several Years part, haS been very detrimental to the Weavers, Combers, and Spinners, of Yarn in this Kingdom of Great Britain, especially in the City and Counties aforesaid, and has so far lessened the Prices of Yarn in this City, and the said Counties, that the Combers, and many Thousands of their Journeymen, and Spinners, are in a miserable Condition; and that, unless a Stop be put unto the Importation of Iriflo Yarns, or a Duty be laid upon them, to make their Prices equal with English Yarns, the Petitioners will be wholly ruined, and the Combers and Spinners must inevitably perish: And praying, that these, or some other proper. Methods, to redress these their Grievances....

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt, now, and Debtors

for a long time since past, remaining in her Majesty’s Petition.

Gaol in and for the County of Radnor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners arc very poor, and have no Effects, cither real or perfoml, to pay and satisfy the several Debts they are charged with, they not amounting unto the Sum of Twenty Pounds

7 E . principal

African

Company,

Hardrefr’

Estate.

Weston’s

Estate.

Assize of Bread.

Dorset

Writ.

Preservation of Came.

57°

A. 1711.

principal Mooney, and rrtuft inevitably starve, unless foeedily relieved: And praying, that their deplorable Condition may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to vthom the Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants of Edinburgh was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners understanding, the present Royal African Company in England are still endeavouring to obtain an exclusive Trade, pretending, the same cannot be managed but with a Company Stock, exclusive of all others; whereby the said Trade would be confined to some few Merchants in and about the City of London, and the Petitioners thereby excluded; which is directly contrary to the Articles 01 the Treaty of Union, particularly to the Fourth and Twenty-first Articles, whereby, from and after the First Day of May, 1707, it is stipulated, and agreed, that all the Subjects of the united Kingdom of Croat Britain Shall have full Freedom and Intercourse of 'trade and Navigation, and that there be Communication of all other Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, which do or may belong to the Subjects of either Kingdom, except where it is otherways expressed and agreed in these Articles; and by the said Twenty-first Article the Privileges of the Royal Boroughs are expressly referred; And praying, that the Trade to Africa may not be confined to a Monopoly under a joint Stock, but remain open and free to all the Subjects of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on that Trade, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Hardress, Esquire, and Anne, his Wife, to fell certain Lands in the County of Kent, and for settling of others to the Uses therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming the Sale of the Estate of John Weston, F.squire, in the County of Surrey, and discharging it from the Demands of the Crown, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for confirming the Sale of the Estate of John Weslon, Esquire, in the County of Surrey, and discharging it from the Debts to the Crown.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Mistery of Bakers in the City of London, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Dorset, in the room of Thomas Chafin, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Act, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) and for making the same more effectual, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hungerford (accordingly) reported from the said Committee; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

16

Mr. Amtfley reported frotn the Committee, who were Address on appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to her Menage re. Majesty, for returning her the Thanks of this House for her Majesty’s most gracious Message, in recommending. urc the building of Churches in and about the Cities of don and dVejflmitffter; that they had drawn up an Address accordingly: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put there-, upon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;-viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have, with the utmost Satisfaction, received your Majesty’s gracious Message, recommending to us the great and necessary Work of building new Churches in and about the Cities of London and iVeJ

We are sensible, how much the Want of them hath contributed to the Encrease of Schifin and Irreligion, and shall not fail therefore to do our Parts towards, supplying that Defect, being entirely disposed to pro-, mote every thing, that is for the Interest of the efta*, bl ished Church, and the Honour of your Majesty’s Reign.

Neither the long expensive War, in which we are engaged, nor the Pressure of heavy Debts, under which, we labour, shall hinder us from granting to your Majesty whatever is necessary, to accomplish so excellent a Design, which, we hope, may be a means of drawing down Blessings from Heaven on all your Majesty’s other Undertakings, as it adds to the Number of those Places, where the Prayers of your devout and faithful Subjects will be daily offered up to God, for the Prosperity of your Majesty’s Government at home, and the Succels of your Arms Abroad.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, da humbly know her Majesty’s Pleasure, when die will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That Sir John TreviUian have Leave to go Lear* of into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Abfeace. Occasions.

Mr. Conyers reported froth the Committee of the whole W»y* House, who were to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read, and are as Follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty to be laid upon imported Deer-skins, dressed Or undressed, be € d. per Pound Avoirdupois, and after that Rate j and, if they are dressed after the Importation, then to pay no further Duties for the fame, upon dressing them in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion af this Committee,

That the Duty, to be laid upon Loftice, Buffalo, Elke, or any other Hides, dressed in Oil, which shall be imported, be 4 d.per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that

bate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty, to be laid upon Rvffia Hides imported, be id. per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That the Duty, to be laid upon all other tanned Hides, and tanned Calve-skins, to be imported, be 1 £ d. per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate.

Resolved, That it is the Opu.ion of this Committee,

That the Duty, to be laid upon all Horse-hidcs, dressed in Allum and Salt, or otherwise tawed, which shall be imported,

io Ann. 1° jlprilis. 571

imported, be One Shilling ptr Hide, and after that before particularly charged1) be after the Rate of 15 \v*y%

Rate. Cent, according to the Value thereof; the said several M*f*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duties for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of That the Duty, to be laid upon all other Hides, dressed Hides and Skins, tanned in Great Britain, to be paid by with Allum, and Salt, or otherwise tawed, which shall the Tanners thereof respectively. be imported, be Two Shillings per Hide, and after that Revived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Kate. That the Duty, to be laid upon all Horse-hidcs, which

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall be dressed with Allum and Salt, or Meal, or other-That the Duty, to be laid upon Calve-ikins and Kips, wife tawed, in Great Britain, be One Shilling per Hide, dressed in Allum and Salt, or otherwise tawed, which shall and after that Rate for the greater or lesser Number of be imported, be Three Halfpence per Pound Weight such Hides.

Avoirdupois, and after that Rate. Re/ehed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty, to be laid upon all other Hides, which That the Duty, to be laid upon all (link Calve-(kins, shall be dressed with Allum and Salt, or Meal, or other-dressed in Allum and Salt, or otherwise, with the Hair on, wife tawed in Great Britain, be Two Shillings per Hidq, which shall be imported, be One Peny per Pound Weight and after that Rate.

Avoirdupois; and upon dink Skins without the Hair, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* and Dog-skins, (o dressed, and imported, be an Half- That the Duty, to be laid upon all Calve-(kins, and Kips* peny per Pound Weight Avoirdupois; and after those which shall be dressed with Allum and Salt, or Meal, or Rates. otherwise tawed, in Great Britain, be Two Shillings per

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dozen, and after that Rate.

That the Duty, to be laid upon imported Skins, called Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Cordevants, be Four Shillings per Dozen, and after that That the Duty, to be laid upon all dink Calve-(kins, which Rate. shall be dressed with Allum and Salt, or Meal, or other-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, wife tawed, with the Hair on, within Great Britain, be That the Duty, to belaid upon all other imported Goat- One Shilling and Six Pence per Dozen, and after that skins, dressed in Oil, or with Allum and Salt, or Meal, Rate.

be 2 Sh. per Dozen, and after that Rate. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty to be laid upon all (link Calve-flcinp*

That the Duty to be laid upon all imported Kid-(kins, which shall be so tawed, without Hair, and upon al|

dressed or not dressed, be One Shilling per Dozen, and Dog-skins, which shall be tawed, as aforesaid, in Great

after that Rate; and, in calc the said Kid-(kins, or any Britain, be Six Pence per Dozen, and after that Rate.

of them, be afterwards dressed in Great Britain, then no Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

further Duty is to be paid for the same. That the Duty, to be laid upon all Buck and Doe Skins,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, which shall be dressed with Allum and Salt, or Meal, or That the Duty, to be laid upon all imported Sheep-steins, be otherwise tawed, as aforesaid, in bf

dressed in Oil, be One Shilling and Six Pence per Dozen; Four Shillings per Dozen, and after that Rate, and upon all imported Larab-steins, dressed in Oil, be Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

One Shilling per Dozen; and upon all imported Sheep- That the Duty, to be laid on all Kid-steins, which shall be ikins, and Lamb-(kins, tanned, be Nine Pence per Do- tawed in Great Britain, except such, as paid the full Duty Zen: and upon all imported Sheep-steins, and Lamb-(kins, on the Importation, as aforesaid, be Twelve Pence per dressed with Allum, Salt, or Meal, be Six Pence per Dozen, and after that Rate.

Dozen; and in Proportion to those Rates. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, lliat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty, to be laid upon all Goat-(kins, which That the Duty on all other Hides and Skins, and Pieces shall be dressed with Allum, Salt, or Meal, or-be other-of Hides and Skins, imported, being tanned, tawed, or wile tawed, in Great be One Shilling and Si*

dressed, (and not before particularly charged) and all Pence per Dozen, and after that Rate.

Wares, made of the lame, be 15 per Cent, according to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Value thereof, to be affirmed by the Oath of the lm« That the Duty, to be laid on all Beaver-ikins, to be tawed porter; the said several Duties for and upon all Hides and in Great Britain, be after the Rate of One Shilling per Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, imported, to be Dozen.

paid by the Importers thereof respectively. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty, to be laid upon all Sheep-steins, and

That the Duty, to be laid upon all Hides, of what Kind Lamb-skins, to be dressed in Allum, Salt, or Meal, or Foever, tanned in Great Britain, be One Peny per Pound otherwise tawed, in Great Britain, (except murrain Skins)

Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate. be after the Rate of Six Pence per Dozen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty, to be laid upon all Calve-ikins, Kips, That the Duty, to be laid upon all Sheep-steins, and Hog-(kins, and Dog-steins, tanned in Great Britain, be Lamb-ikins, being murrain, or broken, which shall be also One Peny per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, be 15 per Cent, ad that Rate. valorem.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolve, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty to be laid upon all Goat-(kins, tanned That the Duty, to be laid upon all other Skins, and Parts with Shomack, or otherwise, in Great Britainr, for or Pieces of Ski ns, to be tawed in Great Britain (not before Spanish Leather, be after the Rate of Four Shillings per particularly charged) be after the Rate of 15 per Cent.

Dozen. according to the Value thereof; the said several Duties

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides That the Duty, to be laid upon all Sheep-steins, tanned and Skins to b.e tawed in Great , to be paid by

for Roans (being after the Nature of Spanish Leather) the Tawers thereof respectively.

within Great Britain, be after the Rate of Two Pence per Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Pound Weight; and upon all Sheep-steins, and Lamb- That the Duty to be laid- upon all Hides and Skins,

skins, tanned for Glovers and Bazils within Great Britain, which shall be dressed in Oil within Great Britain, not be after the Rate of One Peny per Pound Wegbt, being tanned, or tawed, be Six Pence per Pound Weight Avoirdupois. Avoirdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Quantity.

Thar the Duty, to belaid upon all other Skins, and Pieces Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Parts of Skins, to be tanned in Great Britain (not That the Duty, to be said upon all Deer-ikins, Goat-Vol. 1.6. skins.

L.

57 $ i° Apr 17i i;

Wayt skins> and Beaver-Ikins, which shall be dressed in Oil (being after the Nature of Sj>a;nj% Leather") within Great and Mean*, within Gtreat Britain, be Six Pence per Pound Weight Britain, be after the Rate of per Pound Weight; and 1 Avoirdupois, and after that Rate. upon ail Sheep-lkins, and Lamb-lkins, tanned for Glovers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Bazils within Great Britain, be after the Rate of That the Duty, to be laid upon all Calve-lkios, which One Half-peny per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, shall be dressed in Oil within Great Britain, be Six Pence The 18th, 19th, and 20th, Resolutions, being severally per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate. read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally Resolved, That’it is the Opinion of this Committee, put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

That the Duty, to be laid upon all Sheep-lkins, dressed The 21st Resolution being read a Second time;

in Oil in Great Britain, be after the Rate of Two Pence An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

per Pound Weight Avoirdupois; and upon all Lamb- leaving out " 2 Sh. Dozen," and inserting, intteaj skins, dressed in Oil in Great Britain, after the Rate of thereof, " One Peny per Pound Weight Avoirdupois."

One Peny per Pound Weight. And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, agreed unto by the House.

That the Duty, to be laid upon all other Skins, and Parts Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-' or Pieces of Skins, to be dressed in Oil in Great Britain mittee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That the (not before particularly charged) be after the Rate of 15 Duty, to be laid upon all Calvc-skins, and Rips, which per Cent, according to the Value thereof; the said several shall be dressed with Allum and Salt, or Meal, or other-Duties for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of wife tawed, in Great Britain, be One Peny per Pound Hides and Skins, to be dressed in Oil within Great Bri- Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate.

tain, to be paid by the Oil-leather-dressers respectively. The 22d, and 23d Resolutions, being severally read

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty, thereupon, agreed unto by the House. a Duty be laid upon all Vellom, and Parchment, made The 24th Resolution being read a Second time; in Great Britain, or imported into the fame. An Amendment wae proposed to be made therein, by,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, leaving out " 4 Sh. per Dozen," and inserting " 3 per Thai, the said Duty be after the Rate of One Shilling per " Pound Weight Avoirdupois."

Dozen for Vellom, and Six Pence per Dozen for Parch- And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, ment, to be paid by the Importers, or Makers, thereof, agreed unto by the House.

respectively. - Resolved, That $his House doth agree with the Com-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mittee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That the That all the said Duties be granted to her Majesty for Duty, to be laid upon all Buck and Doe-lkins, which the Term of Two-and-thirty Years. shall be dressed with Allum and Salt, or Meal, or be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion "of this Committee, otherwise tawed, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, be 3 d. That all Stocks of such Hides, Skins, and Pieces of per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate. , Skins, and Hides, and of such Vellom, and Parchment, as The 25th, 26th, and 27th, Resolutions, being severally aforesaid, in the Hands of the respective Dealers therein, read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally be charged with the like Duties. put thereupon, agreed unto by the Houfa*

The First, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th, The 28th Resolution being read Second time;

Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto leaving out "6 per Dozen," and inserting " One by the House. " halt peny per Pound Weight Avoirdupois."

The Tenth Resolution being read a Second time; And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon.

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by agreed unto by the House. leaving out " Two Shillings per Dozen," and inserting, Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-

instead thereof, 6 d. per Pound Weight Avoirdupois." mittee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon. Duty, to be laid upon all Sheep-lkins, and Lamb-lkins, agreed unto by the House. to be dressed in Allum, Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed,

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- in Great Britain, (except murrain Skins) be after the Rate mittee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That the of One halfpeny Pound Weight Avoirdupois.

Duty, to be laid upon all other imported Goat-skins, The 29th Resolution being read a Second time;

dressed in Oil, or with Allum and Salt, or Meal, be Six An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

Pence per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that leaving out " or broken."

Rate. And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,

The nth, 12th, 13th, 14th, and 15th Resolutions, agreed unto by the House. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quef- Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Conation severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. mittee, in the said Resolution, lb amended. That til? The Sixteenth Resolution being read a Second timej Duty, to be laid upon all Sheep-lkins, and Lamb-skins,

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by being murrain, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salr? leaving out * 4 Sh. per Dozen," and inserting, instead or Meal, be 15 per . ad valorem. thereof, " 3d per Pound Weight Avoirdupois." The 30th Resolution, being read a Second time, was.

And the same were, upon the Question put thereupon, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the agreed unto by the House. House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- The 31st Resolution being read a Second time; mittee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by Duty, to be laid upon all Goat-skins, tanned with Sho- leaving out " 6 d." and inserting "4 mack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, for Spanish Leather, And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,

be after the Rate of 3 d.per Pound Weight Avoirdu- agreed unto by the House.

pois. Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-

The 17th Resolution being read a Second time j mittee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by Duty, to be laid upon all Hides and Skins, which shall inserting, after " One," the Word " Half." be dressed in Oil within Great Britain, not being tahned.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, or tawed, be per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and agreed unto by the House. after that Rate for a greater or lell'er Quantity.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- The $2d Resolution being read a Second time;

mittee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

Duty, to be laid upon all Sheep-lkins, tanned for Roans leaving out "6 and inserting " 4

And

b A Pi

i.A

u!

Cos

1

Privilfgt — A Pe« ion re-

reprimamied aiui dll'* charged.

Ways and Meant.

Committees.

Lovett's

ElUte.

Saltraarfhe't

Ellate.

IOANN. 2° — 3"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said ttesolution, so amended, That the Duty, to be laid upon all Deer-ikins, Goat-skins, and Beaver-flu ns, which shall be d re fled in Oil within Great Britain, be 4 d.per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate.

The 33d Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Six Pence," and inferring " Four Pence."

Aim the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Duty, to be laid upon all Calve-ikins, which shall be dressed in Oil within Great Bbe per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate.

The 34th Resolution being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, bjr leaving out " id." and inferring "One Peny."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Refi/ved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That the Duty to be laid upon all Sheep-fkios, dressed in Oil in Great Britain, be after the Rate of One Peny per Pound Weight Avoirdupoh; and upon all Lumb-lkins, dressed in Oil in Great Britain, after the Rate of One Peny per Pound Weight Avoirdup is.

The 35th, 36th, 37th, 38th, and 39th Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, ag eed unto by the H^use.

Ordered, That a B.il be brought in, upon the said Resolutions, and upon the lb Joint ion of the 29th of A larchlaft; and that Mr. ComersMr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Lownds, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Edward Tizard, Mayor of IVtunouth and Mclcomb Regis, was (according to Order; brought to the liar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mi. Speaker; and was dilchaiged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVedr.efiay Morning next, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 3*;

Anno 10° Annas Reginae, 1711.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make building Leases of Part of the Estate, late of John Lovett, deceased, lying in the City of Dublin, was read the First time, and ordered to be read a Second time.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Philip Baltmarfhe, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, and laying out the Surplus in other Purchases, and also for confirming an Agreement for a Partition, Division, and Exchange, of other Part of his Estate in the Counties of Nottingham and Dorset, was committed; that they bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, Vo 1.. 16.

Aprilis. 573

to the Satislaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Pill, which they had directed him to report to the fltuf:

And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pooler’, for Sale of the Estate of Humphrey Pooler, in the Parish E,late> of Hortlebury, in the County of was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir ington. Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Pyits, Sir Richard Mr. Cotton, Mr. Carnegy, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Berkley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Sir John

Mor daunt, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Blanch, Mr. Trot man,

Mr. Bel/afyfe, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Eversfeild, Mr.

Oglethorp, Sir Hen. Bellajys, Mr. , Colonel Walpole, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cafar, Mr. , Mr.

Campion, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Robhtfon, Mr. Dugda/e, Mr.

Duncomb, Sir Edward Goodier, Mr. Laufon, Sir Simeon,

Stuart, Mr. Berners, Dr. Pajke, Sir Edtvard Ernley , and all the Gentlemen, that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Salop, Stafford, and HeAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Compton reported from the Committee, to WooMen, tec. whom the Bill for reviving, and continuing. An Act made M;mufac-in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An tures’

Act for the more effectual preventing Abusesand Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the Woollen,

Linen, Fuilian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom, was committed; that they had made Two Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed hjm to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were twice read; and one of them was agreed unto, and the other dilagveed unto, by the House; arui another Amendment was made by the House to the B,iil.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, fie ingrossed.

The House proceeded (according to Order) in the far- Cookermontli ther hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough blecbon. of Cochermouth.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Counsel for the fitting Member proceeded to the qualifying of such Votes, as the Petitioner’s Counsel had objected against, and also to disqualify several Persons, who had voted for the Petitioner; and examined several Witnesses in relation thereto.

And the fitting Member’s Counsel (to qualify Henry Westrey to be a Voter) produced a Deed, made to him:

And desiring, the said Deed, and Indorsements thereon, might be read; which being objected to by the Petitioner’s Counsel;

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

A Motion being made, and the Question being puf.

That the Indorsements on Henry Wefreyh Peed be read;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TO- *» Yc"' {1 If -

Tellers for the Noes, j JJj; J 77.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were called in again, and heard; and several Witnesses were examined.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel Be called in again;

The House divided:

7F The

66.

57-

The Noes go forth:

Mm for the Noes, }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And they were called in accordingly.

And the Counsel for the fitting Member were heard; and other Witnesses examined to other Matters, relating to the said Election.

And then the Counsel, and Witnesses, withdrew.

Reftlved, That this House will proceed in the farther hearing the Merits of the Election for the said Borough of Cockemouth upon Saturday Morning next, after the Report from the Committee, who were to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Great , and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid, shall be considered.

Committed. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 40 die;

Anno to* Ann* Regin*, 1711. Praters.

Skefflngton’s a jyj ingrossed Bill for Sale of Timber upon the Estate XI of Thomas Skeffington, Esquire, an Infant, for Payment of his Fathers Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of Timber upon the Estate of Thomas Skeffington, Esquire, an Infant, for Payment of his Father’s Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

3° — 40 Aprilis.

A. 1711.

Estate.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill to enable the Earl of Thomond to

Thomoad’s make Leases for Three Lives, with Covenants for Re-

Estate. newal thereof for ever, of the Lands and Hereditaments

in Ireland, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 5. L. 38. after " any" to insert "of the present Tenants or Occupiers thereof, or any other."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to enable the Earl of Thomond to make Leases for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal thereof for ever, of the Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, comprised in his Marriage Settlement.

Ordered, That the Lord William Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

WestTilbuiy A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and others, Church, the Inhabitants, of the Parish of , in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that on the Ninth of February last, the Body of the Parish Church fell down, cracking and ruining the Steeple, and damnifying the Chancel: That the said Church Steeple being the most noted and important Sea-mark, for failing up and down the River, and so necessary and serviceable to Navigation in general, and to the Coal Trade in particular, her Majesty’s Fort of Tilbury being also situate in the said Parish, and is the only Church, to which the Garison can resort: And praying, that the Charges of rebuilding the said Parish Church may be defrayed out of the Duties arising from Coals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and

several other Inhabitants of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, was referred.

A Petition of the Archdeacon of London, the Vicar, St. Leonard, Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Shoreditch, St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of was C urc ’

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the extreme Poverty of the Petitioners, and the ruinous Condition of their Church, makes them incapable either of rebuilding, or repairing, the lame, being at least Six Foot under-ground $ and many separating, and absenting from publick Worship, for want of a Place in the said Church; all which may be remedied by the rebuilding the old Parish Church, and building a new Chapel, according to the Scheme, now lying before your Honours: And praying, that out of the Money, granted towards building of Churches, such a Sum of Money may be granted them, as shall be thought fit to rebuild the said Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, was referred.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, High Steward, Aldermen, Malden capital Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the ancient Bo- Church, rough Town of Malden, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Borough Town had formerly Three Churches, One of which, viz. Saint Peter's, having many Years since fallen down, and the Parish being united to that of All Saints, the Number of Parishroners, though poor, are very great: That the said Church of All Saints is a very large old Church, consisting of Three I lies, and Three Chancels, on which is a very heavy Roof, which, by its vast Weight, and the failing of the Pillars on the North Side, hath so drawn the whole Fabrick after it, that it is every Day in Danger of falling, and not fit to have Divine Service performed in it: That some time in the Month of October last past, a Commission issued from the Lord Bishop of London, directed to the Reverend William Bramftm, Doctor of Divinity, the Reverend Daniel Uorjemanden, Rector of Purleigh, Thomas Barrington, William Fy/che, Esquires, and others; who caused able Workmen to view and inspect the said Church, which by them was found so dilapidated, by reason of the breaking of the said Pillars of the North Ille, that it is not possible by any means to uphold it, but that it mult necesstrily fall down; and that the Charge of the pulling down, and rebuilding, thereof, will amount to the Sum of One thousand Pounds, or upwards, besides the Benefit of all the old Materials: And praying, that their same may be taken into your Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table; until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, and Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, was referred.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and In- St Alpbage, habitants, of the Parish of St. Alphage within Cripplegate, Cripplcgcte, London, was presented to the House, and read; setting Church, forth, that the said Church, in the late dreadful Fire in the If ear 1666, received considerable Damage, and is become very much decayed, and ruinous, the Walls whereof are supported by Shores of Timber, and otherwise, to secure it from immediate Danger: That by a View, made by several able Workmen, it is agreed, that there is an absolute Necessity to rebuild the said Church:

And praying, that they may have such publick Assistance given them, as will rebuild their laid Parish Church, or be otherwise relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, was referred.

A Petition

io Ann.

4° Apri

575

All-hallows, A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and prin- That by means of the Importation of Woollen Yarn from upon Load,*- cipal Inhabitants, of the Parish of All-hallows> upon Lon- Ireland, the making up the Woollen Manufactory of wall, Church. don-wall, was presented to the Huse, and read; setting Great Britain is very much assisted and promoted, and forth, that the Petitioners Parish Church is old, and very the said Manufactures can be afforded cheaper, than at much decayed: That about Twelve Years ago the In- present they can be in foreign Parts; forasmuch there-habitants did expend £. 300 in repairing it, without which fore as the D.scouragement of the Importation of Irish they could not, with Safety, have assembled in it, for the Yarn into this Kingdom will tend to the great Prejudice Performance of their publick Worship: That the said of the Woollen Manufactures of Great Britain: And Church is at present an annual Charge, and mud in a praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against short Time be necessarily taken down: That the Petition- any Discouragement of the Importation of Irish Yarn into ers being the poorcft Parish within the Walls of London, the Great , before any further Rcfblution be taken con-

Inhabilants are utterly incapable of rebuilding the said cerning the fame.

Church: And praying such Assistance for the rebuilding , That the said Petition be referred to the

of it, as this honourable House shall judge meet. Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, who

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, are to consider farther of Ways and Means for railing

until the Report shall be made from the Committee, to the Supply granted to her Majesty.

whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwarden-, and A Petition of the Merchant-adventurers in the City Importing

several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Bristol was presented to the House, and read; setting InAlam.

cf Kent, was referred. forth, that tht Petitioners understanding that Endeavours

are made to lay a farther Duty on Yarn, made of

A Petition of the Clothiers of Hampton, Strowde, Wood Wool: That the Importation of Irish Yam, made of CheHer, Bijley, Avening, b tone house, Rohetrow, Uly, and Wool, encourages and enables the People of Ireland to

Stand/ey, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to take from this Kingdom great Quantities of the Product the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners of her Majesty’s Plantations: That the Irish Yarn, being being informed, that there is a Design to procure an Act intermixed in working, is a great Advantage to our Ma-of Parliament, for laying a farther Duty upon Irish Yam, nufacture, and renders it cheaper in foreign Markets, to made of Wool, which may be a great Detriment to the the great Benefit of the Poor, and Advantage of Trade:

Clothiers; for that the English Yarn, without the AC- That the Importation of Irish Yam in a great Measure fiflance of that of Ireland, will not be sufficient for the will prevent the lending of Wool and Yam from Ireland Supply of our Woollen Manufacture, or if it could pol- clandestinely into foreign Parts, which otherwise may be liBly be, yet the Price will be so enhanced, that the attempted, notwithstanding the severest Penalties to the

Importing Into Yarn.

Ditto.

Dittos

Clothiers will not be able to bring their Cloths to Market, to fell at the Rate with other Nations; which in a short time would prove the utter Decay of our Trade, and render the Condition of our Poor very miserable: And

contrary: And praying the Confederation of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who

praying, that no farther Duty may be laid upon Irish are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Yarn, made of Wool. Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, Council, of the City of was presented to the

who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for railing House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners being the Supply granted to her Majesty. informed, a Bill is deligned to be brought into this

A Petition of the Clothiers, Stuff-makers, Dyers, honourable House, to discourage the Importation of Weavers, Tuckers, Spoolers, and others. Manufacturers, Yarn, made ot Wool, into this Kingdom: That, in case within the Parish of Bedminster, Briflington, Reynsham,a farther Duty be laid on Irish Yam, it will much lessen Chew-magna, Chewjloke, Pensford, Whitchurch, and other the Trade from this Kingdom to Ireland, and render the Parishes in the County of Somerset, was presented to the People there incapable of taking off such great Quanti-House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners and ties of the Product and Manufactures of Great Britain, their numerous Families, have been for many Years last and her Majesty’s Plantations, as now they do; but may part employed and bred up in the Woollen Manufacture, occasion their fending their Yarn to foreign Parts, upon which hath been in some Measure supported by the Im- a clandestine Trade, and thereby discourage the Wool-

Ditto

portation of Irish Yarn, which being mixed with English have enabled the Makers thereof to afford the same at such reasonable Rates, that they might fell in foreign Markets equal with the Woollen Manufactory made by

len Manufactures of Great Britain in their Sales abroad: And pray Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who

Foreigners, and thereby the Makers have been enabled are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the to employ us, and our Families; but being informed, Supply granted to her Majesty. that there is a Design to obtain an Act of Parliament, to

discourage the Importation of Irish Y arn, it will be the total Ruin of the Petitioners: And praying, that their miserable same may be taken into Consideration, and they be relieved in the Premise*.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses» of the Corporation of the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and of the Merchants, Clothiers, Serge-makers, Dyers, Fullers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in and near the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that

Africaa

Company.

who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Petitioners Livelihood depends on the Woollen Ma-the Supply granted to her Majesty. nufacture, proper for Africa, made in this Town, and

A Petit ion of several Merchants of London, and others Places adjacent, which have been vended in greater Qtuan-concerned in exporting the Woollen Manufactures of this tities since the opening of the African Trade by AA of Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting Parliament, in the Year 1698, than formerly, when the forth, that the Petitioners, having been informed, that African Company enjoyed the said Trade, exclusive to all several Petitions have been presented to this honourable others: That the Petitioners understand, that the House, to discourage the Importation of Woollen Yarn Company, and their Creditors, have petitioned this ho-from Ireland, think themselves obliged to apply them- nourable House for Confirmation of their exclusive Char-selves to your Honours, and to inform you, that several ter; whereby the Petitioners will be confined to one Buyer Woollen Manufactures have been of late let up in foreign only for the said Wollen Goods, who would put what Countries, the Succels and Prosperity whereof depends Price such Buyer pleaseth on the fame, to the great Op-upon their being able to fell at lower Rates, than the pression of the Petitioners under such a grievous Mono-Woollen Manufactures of Great Britain can be afforded: poly: And praying, that the African Trade may not be Vol. 16. confined

S 7^ 4# Apri A. 1711

confined to a joint Stock Company, but remain free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered \That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on that Trade, is referred.

Equivalent A Petition of William Seaton, Esquire, in the Name ’ v en ’ of the Commissioners for the Equivalent, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Lownds, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Ferrier, Sir Gilbert , Sir

Wm. Pole, Sir Richard , Mr. Manley, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Colonel Byerl Mr. Finch, Mr. Hart, Mr.

Peyton, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Auditor Harley, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Auditor Manwairing, Mr. SmMr. Lewen, Colonel Grant, and all the Gentlemen, that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Coal Trade. A Rill to dissolve the present, and prevent the future

Combinations of Coal-owners, Lightermen, Mailers, of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the farther Encouragement of the CoalTrade, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Money for the Service of the Year 1711, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That her Majesty’s Message to this House, the 29th of March last, relating to the building of Churches in and about the Cities of London and , be

referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Hmgerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had dire died him to report to the House; And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Tablewhere they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Justices of P.uce Qualification.

A Bill for the better qualifying Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Thames Sir George Newland presented to the House (according Fishery. to Order) a Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermefi of the said River; and the same was received.

Trade A Bill to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Sixth to America. year Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider the several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Disposition of Prize Goods, and make such Explanations or Alterations, of the fame, as they shall think fit.

Naval Stores A Bill for the encouraging the Transportation of from Scot- naval Stores from any Part of North Britain, was read a ai,d' Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refotoed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

General A Bill for establishing a general Poll Office for all Port office, her Majesty’s Dominions, and for settling a weekly Payment out of the Revenues thereof, to raise a Sum of *5

Mr. Auditor Harley reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to esquire, how far the several Im-prest Accomptants have passed their respective Accounts, and to consider of Methods for the more effectual and speedy compelling the said Accomptants to pass their Accounts, and to obviate all Irregularities, and unneceffery Delays, in the fame, the Matter, as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Chapman reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with some Amendments; agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on that Trade.

A Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty (for amending the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with Six Horses, or other Beads, except up, Hills, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

Ways and Meaas.

Supply.

Prevention of Gaming.

Committee*.

Imprest

Accomptants

Donstable to

Hockley

Roads.

African

Company.

Horses, &c. used by Waggoner*.

0

Mithtw't

Eta*

Fetmfield to

PortsaMNith

Sold*

It v ft on

Roads*

Borgoyne's

Eilat*

ioAnn.

4

5° April

577

Refoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chapman, Mr. Pitt, Mr- Scobell, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Sir Cha. Ttamer, Sir fVm. Pole, Mr. Harley, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Ward, Mr. Robartes, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Winfianley, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Sir Fra.

Child, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bathvrjl, Mr Gwyn, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Mr.

Shippen, Mr. Stacker ley: And all that come to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Laws relating to the Repair of the Highways, and do provide a Clause, or Clauses, for making the same more effectual.

And then the House adjourned tiU Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 5° die;

Anno io* Anne Begins, 1711.

of the Estate of William Burgoyne, late of the City of Exon, Merchant, deceased, during the Minority of his Son and Daughters, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual an Act, of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act concerning the Afftzesof Fewel) so far as it relates to the Assize of Billet, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for making more effectual an Act, of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act concerning the Assizes of Fewel) so far as it relates to the Assize of Billet.

Ordered, That Mr. Ferrier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Stephen Jermin, the only Son of Stephen Jermin, of London, Merchant, with Sarah Bell, and to enable him to marry again, be read a Second time upon Morning

next, in a full House.

Prayers;

MR. Hey/ham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of such Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Mathew, late of Petersham, in the County of Surrey, Gentleman, deceased, as will be sufficient to discharge his Debts and Legacies, thereon charged by his lait Will and Testament, and for settling the Remainder thereof to the Uses in the said Will mentioned, was committed; that they bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from Sheet-bridge, in the Parish of Peterfeild, to the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with Amendments to some of them) agnxd unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and amending the Highways, leading from Roy/lon, in the County of Hertford, to Wandeford-bridge, in the County of Huntington, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. a. L. To leave out " Seyors," and insert " Surveyors."

Pr. 4. L. Before Stones" to insert " or.’’

Pr. L. After " House" to insert " Park."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for repairing and amending the Highways, leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to IVan-desford-bridge, in the County of Huntington.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make, renew, and fill up, Leases Vot. 16.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee of <he whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, as for as the Amendment, fol. 9. L 3. and the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with Amendments to fbme of them) agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, fol. 9. L. viz. After " Almsmen" to insert " and also of Inhabitants not paying Scotland Lot, and other Persons, receiving Alms, or Charity," being read a Second time;

And an Amendment being proposed, to leave out these Words, " and also, itfr."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

T‘U-for theY^;«- },,

TcUcfor the No^tg* j 73-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Residue of the said Amendments were fev&-rally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That none should vote in Elections for Counties, unless entitled to Forty Shillings per Annum by Descent, Marriage, or Presentation.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to oblige the Freeholders of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham to take the Freeholders Oath.

And the same was twice read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Freeholders of any City, or Borough, wherein the Title to vote is Forty Shillings per Annum, or upwards, shall take the Freeholders Oath.

And the some was twice read, and amended.

7G And

Ash» vf BtlteU

Jermyn t Divorc*.

Bribery at Eb&OM.

ijooaie

Vacation of Seat by accepting Office.

Call of the House,

Assize of Bread.

Attempt on the Life of Privy Coun-fellor.

Elections in Scotland.

Coventry

Writ

M«ggl«<Ws

Estate.

Public

Accounts.

Bridger*

Eftat*.

S78

5° — 6® Aprilis.

A. 1711,

And then the ClauseWM, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Fart of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for regulating Elections in North Britain.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing rolled.

Ordered, That the Charters of Sir John , re-

lating to his heritable Office in Scotland, defended to him from his Father, be taken into Confederation upon

Tiufdqy Morning next.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Seven-night, and nothing to intervene; and that such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, circular Letters having been sent, to summon them to attend their Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Mistery of Bakers, in the City of London, was referred, be taken into Confederation upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to make an Attempt on the Life of a Privy Counsellor to be Felony, without Benefit of Clergy and the same was received j and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for qualifying Members to fit in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called and for the

better regulating Elections there j and that Mr, Lockhart, Mr. Carnegy, and Mr. George Mackenzy, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vieneris 6° die Apr ills;

Anno io* Ann* Regin*, 1711.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-"'rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the room of Clobery BromUy, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Lands, and Tythes, in the Manor of Tonge, in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of William Muggleston, deceased, and the Distribution of the Money thereby arising, pursuant to a Settlement, made, of the raid Lands, and Tythes, by the said IVtUiam Mug-gkfttn, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That this House do, To-morrpw Morning, proceed to choose a Commissioner, for taking, examining, xndftating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, in the room of Clobery Bromley, Esquire, deceased, by the way of balloting.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting of certain Lands in the Parish of in the County of Kent, formerly purchased by Winifred Bridger, and Lawrence Bridger, in certain Trustees, to bf fold, for the raising Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

19 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grosvenoi to enable Trustees to perform the Marriage Articles of Estate. Sir Richard Grosvenor, Baronet, and Dame Jam, his Wife, notwithstanding the Lunacy of Dame Mary venor, and the Infancy of her younger Children, and for fetding the Estate in the Family, and making building Leases as effectually, as if the said Dame Mary was of found Mind, and her Children of full Age, and all had joined in levying Fines, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Edward Williams, Sir Richard Leving, Lord Wm.

Rowlett, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Lawson,

Sir H. Mackworth, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Pitt, Sir Richard How, Mr. CholmMr. Annesley, Sir Wm. Pole, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Hedges, Sir John Cope, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Mr.

Barrymore, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Gwynne, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Cross, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Robert Jtnkenfon,

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Gape, Sir John Paikington. Mr.

Hedges, Sir Nick. Morice, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Ward,

Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr.

Wilson, Sir Wm. Windham, Sir Ja. Mr. Lock-

hart; and all the Gentlemen, that serve for the Counties of Flint, Chester, Denbigh, and Middlesex: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stonebridg for vesting a certain Piece of Ground, being Part of a F'*M,. Field, called Stonebridge Field, adjoining to Piccadilly, in

the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to dispose of cite *' fame, to discharge a Debt to the Crown, and to other Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Mount agu , Lord Castle Comber, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir John Clerk, Mr. Robartes, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Anne-jfley, Mr. Cross, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Windsor, Sir Richard Leving, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pitt, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Scobell, Mr.

Mr. Page, Mr. Campion, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Randyll,

Mr. Manley, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Cotton, Sir Gilbert

Dolben, Mr. Herbert, Sir Hu. Mackworth, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Dalby, Mr. Hedges, Sir John Stone house, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gery, Dr. Pajk, Sir Fra.

Vincent, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Sir

Richard How, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Sheppard,

Mr. Hern, Mr. Worsley, Mr. Walpole-, and all the Gentlemen, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Creditors and Proprietors of the i\nne Company of Mine Adventurers of England, on the be- Adventure half of themselves, and others, was presented to the Cwapaaj., House, and read j setting forth, that a Bill has been lately brought into this honourable House, intituled, A Bill for the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of the Com-j>any of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a Method for settling the Differences between the Company, and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual working the Mines of the said Company; which, if passed into a Law, will destroy the Terms of Union, lately settled between the said Company, and their Creditors, pursuant to a Deed of Powers under the Hands and.

Seals of Three hundred Persons, and upwards, and confirmed by the Company, under their Corporation Seal, with Power to sue and prosecute all Persons, that have been guilty of any Fraud, Deceit, or other Wrong, done to the Prejudice of the said Company, and will make void several Grants, Mortgages, and Contrafts, made by the said Company, for good and valuable Consideration j and thereby, and in divers other respects, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and others, and destructive to their Rights and Properties: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered,

ioAnn*

6°j4pntis.'

5579

Ordered That the Petition do lie upon the Table, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the until the said Bill be read a Second time. Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill is

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second time, committed.

The Bill was read a Second time. A Petition of Katherine Lucas, of London, Widow, Mine

Rejotved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rickard was presentrd to the House, and read; setting forth.

How, Sir Geo. New!and, Lord How, Mr. Peyton, Sir that in the Month of December, 1706, {lie Petitioner lent Campanjr*

to the Mine Adventurers of England the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and took one of their specie Bills for it* payable to or his Assigns, with In (erect at

Six per Cent, at the Ninety-first Day after Demand: That the said Dykes was the Cashier of the said Company, and a common Trustee for all Peffons, who lent Money to

Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas Mr.

Trotman, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lotvtker, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Lavoftm. Colonel Codringtm, Mr. Aijiabie, Mr. Gore, Mr. batbnrft. Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Sir

With.rs. Mr. Loyd, Mr. , Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Campion, Mr. Pinmptree, Sir Robert Mr.

Mr. Crrfar, Mr. Page, Mr. Hj- /, Mr. Bracebridge, the said Company upon their specie Bills, in whose Name

Lord IVm. Paxleit, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Rutcney, all specie Bills were made; and (according to the Usage Mr. Randyll\Mr. Burgh, Mr. Windsor, Colonel Berkley, of the said Company) an Intforfirn of, made by the said

Mr. Croft, Mr. Finib, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Chapmen, Dykes of his Name upon such Bills, entitled the Bearers Sir Roger blojlyn, Mr. Annejley, Sir John Thoroid, thereof to the Money thereby payable; and the said Mr. Wortley, Mr. Gape, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Cha Hedges, Dy accordingly indorsed his Name up >n the Bill, which

Mr. Leuhmere, Dr. Pofk, Sir Thomas Powell, Mr. the Petitioner took for the said One hundu-d Pounds: Duncomb, Colonel £ verity, Mr. Benson, Mr. Freman, That, having Occasion for her Money, demanded the Lord Down, Mr Hedges, Mr. Fortescue, Lord Compton, same at the Mine House, as was customary; but the Colonel Grainr, Mr. Smith, Mr. Goddard, Sir Richard Petitioner, not being able to get the same paid, c iufid the

Onfloxv, Sir fVm. Wyndham, Sir Wm. Pole, Mr. Thompson, said Governor and Company to he sued for the Money, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Bnrflem: And all, that come, in the Name of the said Dykes: That the Petitioner was are to have Voices: And they are to meet this After- a whole Year in suing the said Company, before Ihe could noon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; compel them to appear; and after the Petitioner had

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Ke< or<N.

Ordered, That the Petition of ftvcr.il Creditors and Proprietors of the Company of Mire Adventurers of

procured an Appearance, and declared again!) them, fotne of the Directors of the said Company procured the said Dykes to execute a general Release to the said Company, which Release they pleaded in Bar of the said Action;

England, on behalf of ihemielvts, and otivis, be referred That Issue being joined, and the Cause coming to be

Uine

/d»ecture

GufflpOD/e

tried before the Right honourable the Lord Chief Baron Ward, in Trinity Term, 1708, upon the lingle Point, whether the Release was executed by or not j -the

Company proved the Execution of the Release by Two Witnesse.s, and thereupon a Verdict palfed for them:

to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of fercral Creditors and Members of the Company of Mine Adve turers, Subscriliers to certain Deeds, bearing Date in September, tyct', arc! *707, commonly caiied and kn<.vn, by the Members of tt<e laid Company, by the Name of the Soblcription Deeds, was That the Petitioner did thereupon exhibit her Bill against prefemed to the Hous*, and read; felting forth, that the said Company, and in the Court of Chancery;

the Petitioners, among!) divers others, did by Indenture, and thereby charged the Fraud, and that Dykes had some duly executed on or about the 27th Day of June last, Security from the Company, or some other Person, to impower several Persons, therein named, to settle the indemnify him again!) the said Release: That the faitl Terms of an Union between the said Creditors and doth by his Answer deny, that he had any Security

Company; and the Terms of an Union were thereupon whatsoever, to indemnify him from sealing the said Resettled by Deed, dated on or about the 16th Day of lease; whereas the said Company’s Books having been November last, whereby the Petitioners were req lired to brought before a Committee of this honourable House, pay considerable Sums of Money to the Use of the in the last Parliament, the Petitioner (upon Perusal Creditors of the said Company, that were Petitioners in thereof) found an Order of the Court of Directors of the the last Parliament; all which they hare paid accordingly, said Company, made in the Month of 1708, for and are thereby entitled to be laved barmless, and in- the said Dykes’ Indemnity, for sealing the said Release* demnified, from all farther Claims, and Suits, by reason notwithstanding he had sworn the contrary in his Answer: of the said Deeds of Subscription: That a Bill hath been And praying, that a Clause may be admitted to be added lately brought into this honourable House, intituled, A to the Bill, now depending in this honourable House, Bill for the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of intituled, A B.II for the Relief of the Creditors and Pro-the Company of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a prietors of Mine Adventurers, by dlablishing a Method Method for settling the Differences between the Company for settling the Differences between the Company, and and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual working the Mines of the said Company; effectual working the Mines of the said Company, for which, if passed into a Law, wiP destroy the said Terms the Petitioner’s Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confi* derai ion of the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Principal Money, Annuities, and Shares, in the Company of Mine Adventurers, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read 1 letting forth, that the Peti-. tioners, being Members of the said Company of Mino Adventurers, in Obedience to the Orders and By-laws.

of Union, to the great Lois and Damage of the Peti tioners: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel again!) the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of several Creditors and Proprietors of the Company of Mine Adventurers of England, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, of the said Company, and for carrying on their mineral and read; setting forth, that a Bill has been lately Works, in order to give Satisfaction to their Creditors* brought Into this honourable House, intituled, A Bill and promote the general Good of all Persons concerned* for the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of the did, with others, comply with the Call of Five Pounds Company of Mine Adventurers, by eftaolishing a Me- per Cent, made by the said Company, and actually pay in, thod for settling the Differences between the Company their respective Proportions accordingly, amounting to a and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in Order to considerable Sum, and with (he Aid of your Petitioners an effectual working the Mines of the said Company; Money grCat Quantities of rich Ore have been raised, which tends to deprive the Petitioners of their just and and are now lying on the Banks of the several Mines legal Rights and Properties: And praying, that they may belonging to the said Company, in the county of * be heard by their Counsel again!) the find Bill. ‘ Cardigan; and by the Terms of Union, lately established Vol. IS. betweep

Ditto,

580 6° AprilisA- 1711.

between the said Company, and their Creditors, the Petitioners are allowed the Benefit thereof, and the other Partners obliged to pay in equal Proportion; but, in case a Bill, lately brought into this honourable House (intituled, A Bill for the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of the Company of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a Method for settling the Differences between the Company, and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual working the Mines of the said Company) should pass into a Law, the said Terms of Union will be utterly destroyed, and the Petitioners will lose the Benefit thereof, and be obliged to pay in more Money on a new Call, at the Pleasure of the Company, and will be otherwise damnified in divers respects, and deprived of their legal Rights: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill is committed.

HendetTa Mr. Campion reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of William Henden, Esquire, in the County of for the Payment 1 of his Debts, and for settling other Lands in the fame

County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu

thereof, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the feme to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

New Mr. Annejley reported from the Committee, to whom Churches, the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other Inhabitants, of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and other poor Parishioners, and several other Petitions, were referred; and who were also to esquire, what Moneys remain in the Hands of the Commissioners for rebuilding the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, and consider, what the Produce of the Duties in being, appropriated for that Purpose, may amount to for the time to come, and make an Estimate, what will be necessary for finishing and adorning the said Church, and other the Purposes in the Acts mentioned, for building the Cathedral Church of St.; and also to consider what Churches are wanting within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and report the feme to the House; that the Committee had considered the several Matters to them referred, and had directed him to report, how the same appeared in relation thereunto; and had come to a Resolution, which they had also directed him to report to the House: And he read the said Report, and Resolution, in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the feme were read, and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee (pursuant to the Order of the House) have considered and examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and find the same to be as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Greenwich.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Roof of the Parish Church of Greenwich fell down in the Night of the 28th of November last, without the least Apprehension 6f any Danger, there being Prayers twice a Day, and several hundred Pounds laid out in the Repairs and Decoration of the said Church within Three Years last part.

That in the judgment of ikilful Workmen, who have viewed the said Church, the same is incapable of Repair, and must inevitably be rebuilt, the old Foundation not being Three Foot in the Ground, and therefore not capable of bearing new Walls.

That the Petitioners produced Plans of the intended new Church, signed by proper Workmen, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, amounting to the Sum of £.6,260. 4 s.id.

Jfiat the said Parish ye unable to raise such a Sum,

for rebuilding their Church: Mod of the great Houses upon the East Side of the Park, and down the Hill, to the Town (being left by the Gentry, and richer Sort of People) now Hand empty.

That Nine Parts in Ten of the Inhabitants are Seafaring-men, and Watermen, who subsist only on their Labour and Pay, and have no Manufacture there, whereby to oblige them to a rebuilding of the Church.

That the Petitioners pay 15 din the Pound to the Poor’s Rate, though formerly but Twelve Pence.

That by the late and present War, and Storms at Sea, the Widows and Orphans of the deceased, to the Number of about 3,000, have become a Charge to the rest of the Parish for their Subsistence.

That Thirty Years ago the Parish Books, for the Poor’s Rate, were under £. 40 per , and now they are

above £..500 per Annum.

And that there is notone DiflentingMeeting-house in Greenwich Parish, nor ever was.

Upon the Petition of the Parish of St. Mary Woolnoth, London.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Church of St. Mary Woolnoth was entirely burnt down by the great Fire of London, in the Year 1666.

That by an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for rebuilding the City of London, the said Church was included in the Number, of the One-and-fifty Churches, to be rebuilt out of the Duties arising by Coals.

That by another Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, for adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, a Clause was therein inserted, to perfect, and rebuild, the said One-and-fifty Churches.

That, for the more expeditious assembling of the Inhabitants to Divine Service, only the North Side, fronting Lombard-street, and about Two Yards of the Corner at the East End, was rebuilt out of Moneys arising by the said Duties; but the rest of the East End, adjoining to the Poll Office, with the South Side, W eft End, and Tower, were not rebuilt, and are now become so ruinous, and weak, that the Inhabitants dare not go to Church, for fear it should fell upon them; and that to rebuild the said Church, and Tower, it will cost above^.6,50o, as appeared by an Estimate thereof, produced to the Committee.

That St. Mary Woolnoth is one of the united Parishes of London after the said Fire: and that Part, which lies about Stocks Market, consists of many poor Families, in Alleys, who receive Relief from the Parish, to the Amount of 100 per Annum; and that the Petitioners are unable to build the said Church at their own Charge.

That in the Year 1707 a Bill passed the House of Commons, for the more effectual finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Poufs, London-, wherein there is a Clause, to impower the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, to appropriate so much of the Coal Duties, as should be sufficient for the rebuilding such Parts of the said Parish Church of St. Mary Woolnoth, and the Tower thereof, as should be necessary; but this Bill did not pass the House of Lords.

Upon the Petition of the Inhabitants of St. Mary le Stroud.

That the Petitioners proved (by Extracts taken out of divers ancient Histories) that formerly there was a Church, called St. Mary le Strand Cross, then Handing where Somerset House is now built; and that the same was long since demolished.

That the Petitioners have never since had a Church, though they have alyvays chose their own Officers, and yearly go the Bounds of their Parish, and pay their own Poor; and by Permission of the Mailer of the Savoy (where there is a Chapel for the Royal Hospital) they now go to Divine Service there; but they have heretofore been turned out from thence, for a Year together; and the said Chapel is abundantly too little for the Petitioners, and the Inhabitants of the Savoy.

;o Ann. 6* Aprilis. 581

That there is in the Parish of St. Strand 217

Houses, and 1,154 Souls, as appeared by an Account thereof.

That the Petitioners have but Annum towards

defraying the Charges of their Parish.

That the Poor’s Kate for this Year is ^.329. 141. which will not be sufficient for that Purpose by near too, so that their Poor yearly increase upon them.

That the building a Church (according to a Draught, produced to the Committee) sufficient to hold about 1,500 Souls, will cost about £-7,500, as the Workmen compute it.

That, if the Petitioners be supplied with Money, for building a Church, they will purchase Ground to build it upon, they having none at present for that Service.

Upon the Petition of the Town of Deptford.

That it appeared to the Committee, upon the Evidence of Dr. Stanhope, Dean of Canterbury, and Vicar of the

£iid Parish, that in the Year 1697 the Church of Deptford was so ruinous, that the Petitioners were obliged to pull it down, and build a new Church upon the same Foundation, which coll them near 5,000.

That above £. 1,800 of that Sum was raised by voluntary Contributions (Mr. Loader himself giving above £900) the rest by Assessment of a Pound Rate; and, though the Contributors did bear their equal Proportion in the Assessment, yet all the Money raised extended only to build the Church and Chancel; io that the old Steeple was left Handing, and is so weak and decayed, that if it should fall (as, *tis feared, it toon will, though no Care has been wanting to support it) it may endanger a great Part of the Church. And

Thomas Lucas, Bricklayer, laid, the Steeple is so weak, that the Bells have not rar.g for some time, for fear they should throw down the Steeple; and that it will cost above f.i,oooo to new build the Steeple with Brick.

Dr. Star.hcpe further laid, that Deptford i: a great Parish, confiding (as near as he can judge) of 2,400 Families, and Eleven or Twelve thousand Souls, who cannot polTibiy be accommodated in the said Church, or any other tingle Church, for Divine Worship; for want of which (he doubts) many have wholly neglected I heir Duty on the Sabbath Day, who would other wise have come to Church, and many others go to Meeting-houses, of which there arc Three in the Parish; One of Quakers, One of Presbytcrians, and the Other of Anabaptists; and many of the Inhabitants ferupling to pay their Parish Duties, for want of Conveniency at Church.

That the Inhabitants oiDeptfrd are utterly unable to build another Church, by reason the greater Number of them conftfts of Seamen, or Workmen and Labourers in her Majesty’s Dock-yard, and Two other Yards there, for building of Ships (many of which live in One House, and so are rated only as One Family) and of Butchers, Viclualers, and others, who give them Credit, and con-lequently are great Losers by such their Customers; so that the greatest Part of the Town do subsist and depend upon the Business of the Sea, and the Poor’s Rate is risen,

since 170a, from £. 40 to £.72 per Month, amounting to near £. 900 per Annum.

That to build a new Church, and rebuild the old Steeple, will (as it is conceived) cost about £.6,0001 but the Parish have no Ground of their own, to build the Church upon: And the Dr. said, that he has no View of any Profit to himself by this new Church, and proposes to keep a Curate for that Service.

LTpon the Petition of AlderJlgat Parish.

That Mr. Carpenter and Mr. Bird said, they law the

Church of St. Butto/pb's, Aldersgate, on Fire in thedread-ful Fire of London, in 1666; and that the Fire was put out by the Industry of the Inhabitants, but the Church was very much damnified thereby.

That this Church is nor mentioned in the Act for rebuilding of Churches, burnt by the said Fire; the Reason whereof was (as they believe) because many of the then chief Inhabitants (who before lived in the principal Streets of London, and intended to return thither again, as soon as they could be accommodated with Houses) took no Care to have it inserted therein.

Mr. Blijjhrt, and Mr. Smith, Workmen, said, that they, with others, had viewed the said Church, and Steeple, and find the same so decayed, that it cannot be repaired, but mull of Necessity be pulled down: That the Walls are propped up with great Timber, and the main Pillars give way so, that the Roof is in Danger to fall in, and the Inhabitants afraid to go to Church: The Steeple is also cracked Six or Seven Inches wide, and is split and crushed: And produced a Draught of the ill State of the Church.

That the said Church is 57 square and an Half of Building; and that to rebuild the same it will cost about £. 5,760, and the Steeple £. 2,750, together £. 8,510.

Mr. Foxall and Mr. Keys said, that the Parish consists of about 700 Families, computed at Four or 5,000 Souls, many whereof receive Alms of the Parish, inso much that their Poor increases, that, for 12 Months Assessment, they are forced to make 30 Months Assessment in the Year, amounting to about £. 600 per; and that the

Parish is unable to build their Church, without publick Assistance.

That in pursuance to the Instruction from the House to the Committee, to inquire, what Moneys remain in the Hands of the Commissioners, for building the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, and that they do consider, what the Produce of the Duties, appropriated lor that Purpose, may amount unto for the Time to come, and make an Estimate, what will be necessary for finishing and adorning the said Church, and other the Purposes in the Acts mentioned, for building the Cathedral Church of Sr. Paul's, the Committee have accordingly considered the fame; and find,

That the several Sums of Money, that have been received, and expended, for and towards rebuilding and finishing the said Cathedral, have arisen as follows; viz.

BY King Charles the 2d’s Gift of Impropriations, not pardoned by the Act of Indemnity, Fines and Forfeitures, upon the green Wax Collections, upon Briefs, Commutation of Penances, Stone, £. and some other ulelcfs Materials, for the said new Church ----- 16,231 12 9$

By Gifts, Legacies, and Subscriptions ----- 44,521 10 11

By Duties on Coals to the 25* of s. d. £. s. d.

At o 41 (Part of 5 j.) perChalder ----- 86,355 'i

16-.....- 247,674 17 4k

10.....111,073 6 3 f

20....., - 97,390 16 9)

Betides which, there remains borrowed, and charged on the said Two last Duties; viz.

542,494 — 4

603,247 4

On the t2 And on the is.

Vol. 16.

Total - - jC- 756,837 4 —

7 H And

New

Churches.

New

Churches.

582 6* Aprilis. A. 1711.

Awd the said £. f $3',59d his likewise been expended, and charged upon Che said Cathedral, and remains a Debt on the said Funds; so that the Committee do not find, that any Money i3 now remaining in the Hands of the Commissioners.

That, by a reasonable Computation of the Two last mentioned Duties, for the Term they are granted (viz. the is. to 15th May, 1716, and the ltd. to Michaelmas, 1716) they will produce, over and above paying off the said £.153'59° ^hich remains borrowed, and charged on the said Duties, the Sum of £. 68,790. id.

Which may be a good Fund, to borrow ,£.55,000 upon in the Year 1711, at Six per Cent.

In which Year of 171 r a great Part of the Works and Ornaments, remaining unfinished by Sir Chr. mayv as is supposed, be completed.

And, in regard the Charge of that Work is first to be paid out of the accruing Duties on Coals.

The Committee take Leave to lay before this House, the Particulars of what is conceived ought to be done for the Completing of that Work; viz. £ s d

For Masons Work ----- 680 10 —

Queen’s Statue, &c. - -- 1,260 -

Carving - - - - 315 -

Digging..... 43* -

Brick Work - -- - 108 -

Smiths Work - -- - 908 -

Carpenters Work - -- 1,276 10 —

Plumbers Work ----- -- - 200 — —

Brass Work - - - 342 -

Plailterers Work ----- - 105 -

Glaziers Work - -- - 124 — —

Painting Doors, £jV. - -- 952 ——

Cast Icon Fence ----- 10,853 — —

Painting the Cupola - -- 3,500 — —

Deals and Timber - -- 300 ——

Marble Front - -- - 300 — —

Building a new Chapter House ----- 5,060 — —

Paving the Area at the West End ----- 1,165 — —

Salaries to Christmas, 1711- - - - - * - - 480 -

Labourers and Watchmen - 540 -

Incident Charges in borrowing Money, and auditing Accounts - - 240 — — £. s. d.

Amounting irt the Whole to- - 29,187 — —

Act which Works Sir Chr. Wren pFoposes to have completed by , 1711, in case they

be left to his Management and Direction.

And with the preterit Debt for Work and Materials - - - - 3,538 8 — 1

The Surveyor’s suspended Salary ----- - 1,325 — — > 5,856 — — -

The Purchase Money of Houses, and the Conveyances and Decree - - 992 12 — J

The Two following Particulars are also proposed: viz.

For Chimes, and a Ring of Bells.....* 6,000 — Y

For Pinacles, and other Ornaments round the Top of the Church, with f Q __

Statues to the Three Pediments, will require Three Year? time, and cost f__________

about.....----- - 10,500 — — 3

All which Articles, if allowed, and performed, do amount to ----- 51,543--

Which being deduced out of the aforesaid Fund of £. 55,000, there will remain - - 3,457---

And there are Two Legacies yet to receive amounting to - - - - 1,100---

1

Which make the total Overplus - - 4,557--

The Committee do also lay before the House a Proposal, laid before them, for a State Set of Furniture for the Choir, computed at £. 2,000.

Which last Sum of £.2,000 being deducted out of the said Overplus of £-4,557 there will £. s. i. remain but - -- -- - ----- 2,557 --

The Dean and Chapter, in a Paper laid before the Committee, made a Doubt, whether the Works, to be done, will not amount to more, than the Sum calculated by Sir Christopher Wren; in Answer to which. Sir Christo-f her Wreu has proposed to undertake to perform the same at his Calculation, provided he may have the Management thereof.

That the said Committee, having also taken into Confederation the Instructions from the House, to consider, what Churches are wanting within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and also to consider of the Scheme, laid before the House by the lower House of Convocation (referred likewise to this Committee) do find,

That the Computations in the said Scheme have been carefully made.

That within the Parishes, mentioned in the said Scheme, there are but 28 Churches j and Chapels, or Tabernacles, if:

That There are within these fttrilhes, Meeting-houses ft)t Presbyteriatw *6, Anabaptists 23, for Quakers 14,

for Independents 12; in all 75; and also 13 French Congregations.

That there are, by Computation, within the said Parishes 80,159 Families, and in those Families about 513,000 Souls.

That allowing the Eighteen Chapels, or Tabernacles, to be capable of receiving as many Persons, as Eight Churches do, and supposing the present Number of Churches, upon that Allowance, to be 36, and 4,750 Souls to belong to each of those 36 Churches, they will, in the Whole, contain but 171,000 Souls, which is only a Third Part of the said 513,000 Souls; so that there will be about 342,000 (being Two-thirds of the whole Number of Souls) for whom no Churches are as yet provided.

That, upon the Foot of this Computation, 72 new Churches would be requisite for the Reception- of those Two-thirds, if ^11 of them were of the Communion of the Church of England.

But the Committee do compute, that the Number of French Protestants, and Diffcnters, within the said Pa-18 rishes,

Chur

.VII

Cf

k

1

io Ann.

6* — 7° Aprilis. 583

ti&es, mentioned in the said Scheme, do amount to about 101,500; which being deducted out of 342,000, there will remain 240,500, of the Communion of the Church of England, for whom no Churches are provided.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in the several Parishes in and about the Suburbs of the Cities of London and 50 new Churches

are neccftary to be created, for the Reception of all such, as are of the Communion of the Church of England, computing 4,750 Soul? to each Church.

The said Rcfdution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Cud Report be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole Mouse, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Jlimpflead A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and In-Church. habitants, of the Parish of in the County of

AJidalfx, was presented to the House, and read; set- ti i: forth, that the Ci.urch, now (landing in the said

Parish, is, by reason of the Length of Time since it was bu;ir, become very weak, and in a dangerous Condition, and cannot be undered useful oc convenient for the Reception of the great Number of the Inhabitants, without rebuilding the lame; for that, besides the ruinousCircum-ltances thereol, it is nm capable of holding One-half Part of the Pariuiioneis: Tu.u the Laid Pariflnoners are in no jr Hi Lie CircumllttOccs of sufficiently repairing, much left of rebuilding, the said Church, which will amount to jf. 2.500 anu upwards, upon a moderate Computation, by the Judgment of fkiltul Workmen, on a View taken thereof: And praying, they may share ia your Honours pious Intentions, and AiHllance, in the rebuilding their laid Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Tabic.

Hbrqtiis of Ordered’ That the Report from the Committee, to l><r<iuUtr’s whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An *Uiiae‘ A(51 for settling the Ell.ites of the Right Noble Evelyn Lord Marquis of Do\chefl, and Elqtiiie, commonly called Lord Kingston, S >n and Heir apparent of the fiat Lord Mxrquis, and also for letthng the b tbife of John Hall, Esquire, on the Marriage of the said // Him 1 Pidrepent, Esquire, was committed, be received up.n I-Jo,1.say Morning.

Gnirrtl The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Puli Ciuct. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ellubbfh ng a general Poll Otnce for all her Majesty’s Domini m, and f r settling a weekly Payment out of the Revenues there. f, to raite a Sum of Money for the Service of :hc Year 1 711;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to re-re crive a Clause, that the additional Duties upon the Portage of Letters shall ccafe and determine after Two-and-thirty Years.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made fbmeProgrcfs in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve irself ioto a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

w«ys Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-nd bitan». ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Vol. Hi.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

4Sabbat70 die Aprilis;

Anno io* Ann* Regina, 1711.

Prayers.

ABIL L for t he better Preservation and Improvement Thame*

of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and Fishery. regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for vesting in Henry Arundel!, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Trull in the Estate of the Lord Vif? Mountagu’* count Mountagu, which ia veiled in her Majesty by the Estate. Attainder of John Caryl, Esquire, for high Treason, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be*

An Act for vesting in Henry Arundell, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Trull in the Estate of the Lord Viscount Mountagu, which is veiled in her Majesty by the Attainder of John Caryl, Esquire, for High Treason.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Great Realings, and several Farms, Eilat*’

Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Henry Wood, alias Webb, Esquire, deceased, in Great,

and several other Places, in the County of Suffolk, for discharging a Mortgage thereon, and for Payment of other Debts of the said Henry Wood, alias Webb, and for applying the overplus Money (if any) arising by such Salq, for the Benefit of Henry Wood, alias Webb, (an Infant) his Son and Heir, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act p0;nler>, for veiling several Messuages or Tenements in Rride-lane, and elsewhere, in the Parish of St. alias St.

Rrides, London, of John Pointer, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, in lieu and Satisfaction of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, of greater Value, settled by the said John Pointer to such Uses, and upon such Trulls, as the said Houses in London are settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cafar,

Mr. Conyers, Sir Gilbert Do/ben, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Shippen, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr.

Hungerford, Sir John Cotton, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Gale, Mr. Campion, Mr, Rurflem, Mr. Farrer, Dr.

Pafk, Mr. Bromley, Lord Compton, Sir Mr. Newdigate, Mr. Gape, Sir Robert Eden, Sir

How, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Freman, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Sir Richard

Hoar, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Onslow, Sir Wm.

Barker, Mr. Pagelt, Mr. Berners, Mr. Sheppard, Mr.

Carter, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Mr.

Halfrv, Mr. Gery, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Rellafys; and all the Gentlemen that serve for the Counties of Essex and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cotes presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Theophilus

Esquire, for Payment of his Debts j and the same was received.

Mr. Yeaman presented to the House (according to Scotch Linen Order) a Bill to prevent Abuses in making and whitening Manufafliu*. of Linen Cloth of North Britain, and for the regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal sorting of Yarn for each Piece, and to hinder the Exportation of Flax, of the Growth of North Britain, and ail Sorts of Linen Yarn, to foreign Parts; and the same was received.

A Petition

kjoogie

5^4

n'

9° Aprilis.

A. 1711.

XVoollen

Manufacture,

A Petition of William ’Tinda, Valentine Gardner, and John Nicholas, Clothiers, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of Woollen Manufacturers of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have, to their Damage, found a great Decay in the Woollen Trade for these Four or Five Years last past, by reason great Quantities of our

The House proceeded in the farther hearing the Merits Cockermom of the Election for the Borough of Cockermouth. EUdiot

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petitioner’s Counsel were heard, and they produced several Witnesses, in Justification of the Votes, objected to by the fitting Members Counsel.

And the Petitioner’s Counsel produced a Letter from

Sheeps Wool has (for these Three Years past) been ex- Mr. Re/fe (Agent for the fitting Member) desiring Mr, ported into France, by which Means the French working s Vote for General as an Obligation

up Three Packs of their own Wool with One of ours, they to the Duke of Somerset; which Letter was proved, and have made great Advantage thereby, and been the chief desired to be read: But the same being objected to by

R«fumption of Grant*.

Cause of the aforesaid Decay of Trade; and although many Complaints and Affidavits, have been made of these evil and pernicious Practices of the Owlers, both of Kent and Sussex, yet there has been no Prosecution, in order to prevent the fame, by which the said Owlers and the French hold a free and daily Correspondence, and trade together, to the great Loss, and almost Ruin, of the Petitioners: And praying, that a Stop may be put to this great and growing Evil.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers in the County of Gloucester is referred, and who are also to consider of the Estate of the Woollen Manufacture; and that the Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners, for examining the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown since the 13th Day of February, 1688, and upon what Considerations such Grants were made, in order to resume the fame, and apply them to the Use of the Publick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Strangewayestook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

the fitting Member’s Counsel, as not being Evidence against the fitting Member;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Letter be admitted as Evidence. Then the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And the Letter was read; and several Witnesses were examined, to justify other Votes, objected to by the fitting Member’s Counsel.

And the Counsel being withdrawn;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel be called in again;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller, so, he

Tellers for AeNoe^f

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Counsel were called in accordingly; and several Witnesses examined on behalf of the Petitioner: And the Counsel on both Sides were heard, and then withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That James , Esquire, is duly elected a

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Mr. Strangewayes reported from the Committee, that Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland;

79-

57-

LfAVC Of

Abie nee.

Members

fuuiiiioutd.

they had gone through the Bill, and had made some Amendments thereto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon day Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

rui-iick

Accounts.

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,$Jj; }

Tellers for the . ]

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that John Orfeur, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, Ordered, That Mr. Eyres have Leave to go into the to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of

~ ..... Cockermouth;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noesj^J;.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the late Election for the Borough of Cockermouth, as to Mr. Stanhope, and Mr. Orfeur, is a void Election.

That the House do now adjourn.

And then the House adjourned accordingly till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

L*ave of Absence.

raUlincs;

Country, for Recovery of his Health

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into the Court of Requests, and other Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly;

And being returned;

The Order of the Day was read, for making Choice of a Commissioner, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

And the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, went on each Side of the House with Glades, to receive from the Members their Lists of a Person to bea Commissioner: And being received; the same were brought up to the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, who were appointed to examine the former Lifts, to examine the said Lifts, and report, upon whom the Majority falls.

Ordered, That Sir James Dunbar have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, appointed to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Great Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

| 5S'

fflie

Eiut<

jihaiai

Liu!

Adjoin*

Lunes, 9* die;

Anno to* Annx Reginx, 1711. Prayers.

A BILL for Sale of Part of the Estate of Theophilus Biddulph, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An

BidJulph'j

Estate.

L.

Weller’s

EAatc.

SJtmirOies

LAalc.

Hard refs*

na&tc.

Qi’ten np-

points to be atlnuicd.

Leave of Abfeiwe.

Mine

Adventure

Company.

io Ann.

9* Apn

An ingrossed Bill for veiling the Manor of and several Lands in Sussex, the Ellate of Joseph Wtiler, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for dischargir.g the Incumbrances thereon, and applying the surplus Moneys to certain Uses and Trulls therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs ? and that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Manor of and several

Lands in SuJJ'ex, the Ellate of Joseph Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and applying the surplus Moneys to certain Uses and Trulls therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Campion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of Part of the Ellate of

Philip Sa.'tmarjhe, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts and

Incumbrances and laying out the Surplus in other Purchases, and alto for confirming an Agreement for a Partition, Division, and Exeiunge, ot other Part of his Ellate in the Counties of Notting and Dor jet, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 8. L 15. to insert "and Thousand Years."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs; and that the Title be. An Act for Sale of Part of the Ellate of Philip mar,'he, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, and laying out the Surplus in other Purchases, and also for confirming an Agreement for a Partition, Division, and Exchange, of other Part of his Ellate in the Counties of Nottingham and Dorset.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to.enable John Hardrejfe, Esquire, and Anne, his Wife, to fell certain Lands in the County of Kent, and for settling of others to the Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Lee, Sir Isaac Ashley, Sir Gilbert , Mr. Chapman, Sir

Jacob Banks, Sir John Walter, Mr. Campion, Sir Geo. Ne~.vl.md. Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Crop, Mr. Chur dull, Mr.

Ru.'teeMr. Rolinjon, Sir Fra. Mr. OgUthorp,

Mr, Dun.omh, Mr. Finch, Sir Wm. Pole, Sir Fra. H arr, Mr. B.aebnore, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Goddard, Mr.

Ncu.-l. nd, Mr. F email, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Stephens, Sir Wm. Windham, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Annejley, Mr.

/ lunger ford, Mr. Elfurd, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Gore, Sir T/10. Davers; and all the Gentlemen, that serve for the Counties of Kent and ....

Mr. Secretary St. Join acquainted the House, that her Majesty having been waited upon, to know, when Ihe would be pleated to be attended by this House; her Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at l ive a Clock, at her Palace of St. James's.

Ordered, That Mr. DeuzillOnflow have Leave to go into the Country for Three Wreeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Williams have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir John Cotton have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks; his Lady being very ill.

A Petition of several Creditors by Bonds, Bills, and fj'ecie Notes, of the Company of the Mine Adventurers of England, on behalf of themselves, great Numbers of Parish Children, Widows, and Orphans, and other Creditors of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Company borrowed of the Petitioners, and others, several great Sums of Money, in order, as they pretended, to carry on their Works V01. 16.

with’ greater Effect: That the Proprietors of principal Money, and Annuities, being also Proprietors of Shares in the said Company, and thereby qualified to vote in general Courts, did, contrary to the Constitution of the said Company, divide amongst themselves upwards of Seventy thousand Pounds of the Money borrowed, as aforesaid, as by Receipts, under their several Hands, may appear; whereby the said Company became utterly uncapable to pay their just Debts: That the Petitioners, and other Creditors, having no Hopes of any other Remedy, were contented to accept of the Alignment of the Mines and Effects of the said Company, as a full Satisfaction: Which’

Mines, and Effects, were accordingly assigned by Order of, and by the Trustees, Appointed by the said Company; and the Petitioners, for raising a new Stock, to work the said Mines, did agree to admit the said Proprietors to be Partners with them, upon Payment of no more than Five Pounds per Cent, though the said Proprietors had so divided, as aforesaid, upwards of Seventy Pounds per Cent, amongst themselves: That, notwithstanding this great Condescension of the Petitioners and other Creditors, and that the Petitioners were, and are, legally entitled to, and actually in Possession of, the said Mines, with Power to prosecute, and call all Persons to Account, for Misappii-cation ot Money, or any other Wrong done, some of the said Proprietors, apprehensive of being prosecuted for Misapplication of the said Money, so divided amongst themselves, as aforesaid, have obtained Leave to bring in a Bill to this honourable House, which (as the Petitioners are advised) tends to divest the Petitioners, and the other Creditors, of the Possessionof the said Mines, and of the Powers to sue and prosecute all Offenders, as aforesaid:

And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard before the Committee thereupon by their Counsel, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Westminstw Church of St. Peter, in Westminster, was presented to the Al>b«y. House, and read; setting forth, that whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An " Act for completing the building and adorning the Cathcdral Church of Sr. Paul, London, and for repairing " the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, in it

was enacted, that for all Sorts of Coal and Culm, which, from and after the 29th of September, Anno Domini 1700, and before the 29th of September, 1716, should be imported into the Poit of the City of London, or the River of Thames, there should be paid such Duties, as in the said Act are mentioned; and that the Sixth Part of the said Duties, being Two Pence per Chaldron, should

be applied to the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St.

Peter, in Westminster, as by the said Act more fully appears: And whereas the Moneys, appropriated to the Ule aforesaid, have been frugally laid out in repairing the East and South Parts of the said Church, which were in imminent Danger of falling down; and that the West End, and North Side of the lame, with the Chapel of King Henry the Seventh, are Hill in a very ruinous Condition* and cannot be supported, without a farther Supply granted by Parliament: And praying, that a farther Supply may be granted, towards carrying on the said Work.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Vestrymen, St. Olave, and others, Inhabitants in the Parish of St. Olave, Hart- Hart-street, street, London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of urc the Parishioners, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Parish Church is very old and crazy, and not large enough to hold the Inhabitants: That it hath been often repaired by them; and that they have - -

paid great Sums towards the rebuilding the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, and other Churches, since the Fire of

7 I London,

9* — 10* Aprilis.

A. 1711

London, but have received no Benefit to themselves: And praying, that a competent Sum of Money, for rebuilding their Church, may be granted out of the Duty on Coals, or other Duties appropriated for building of Churches.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Brandon’* A Petition of Charles Brandon, and others, was pre-Shtp. (ented to the House, and read; praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making a Ship free.

And the same was, by Leave of the House, with* drawn.

Public Mr. Wrighlfo* reported from the Committee, who Accounts. were appointccj to examine the Lifts, delivered in.by the Members upon Saturday last, forchoolinga Commissioner, for taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, and to report, upon whom the Majority fell; that they had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report to the House, that the Majority did fall upon Henry Campion, Esquire: Which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was twice read, and is as follows:

Henry Campion, Esquire - - 167.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, ' until the ingrafted Bill for taking, examining, and stating,

the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, shall be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Trade to America.

apply.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

General The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Poll Office, whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for establishing a general Post Office, for all her Majesty’s Dominions, and for settling a weekly Payment out of the Revenues thereof, to raise a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year 1711.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-an Mean*. ing next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, io°

Anno to* Annae Reginas, 1711. Prayers.

Scotch A BIL L to prevent Abuses in making and whitening

L‘nrn jl\. of Linen Cloth of North Britain, and for the regu-

AlaaufaQure. ]atj,g t^e Lengths, Breadths, and equal sorting of Yarn for each Piece, and to hinder the Exportation of Flax, of 14

the Growth of North Britain, and all Sorts of Linen Yarn, to foreign Parts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging John Lord Bishop of Rapbo, in the Kingdom of Ireland, from all Penalties, Disabilities, and Incapacities, incurred by him, in omitting to take the Oath of Abjuration on or before the First Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Three, and for making all ecclesiastical and civil Acts, done by him, as Bishop of Rapho, after such Omission, to be of the same Validity as they would have been, if he had taken the said Oath in due time, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain, and make more effectual, a Clause, relating to the Estate of Dame Rebeeca Litton, deceased, in an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of Sir John Bolles, Baronet, a Lunatick, was read she First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr. Dormer 1

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease of One-and-twenty Years made by Jeffery Palmer, Esquire, and others, of Lands in ton-curliew, in the County of Leitefler, for Payment of the Debts of the said Jeffery Palmer, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estates of William Hubbald, and of his Father Edward Hubbald, in the County of Surrey, for the Satisfeftion of the said William Hubbald's Debt to the Crown, and to preserve the Surplus thereof for the Uses therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Abraham Rooth, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, was referred, the Matter as it appeared to them, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where it was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner purchased the Town and Lands of Ullard and -

boy, in the County of Kilkenny from the late Trustees, appointed for Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, for the Consideration of f. 845. And that the Petitioner has paid £.685. 1 3d. Part of the said Purchase-money, as appeared by the Purchase-deed, and an Indorsement thereon (pursuant to the Act of Parliament in that behalf) which was produced to the Committee.

That the Remainderof the said Purchase-money (being £. 163. 6s. 9 d.)by Neglect of the Petitioner’s Agent was

not paid in the Time limited by Act of Parliament, though soon after the Petitioner tendered the same to the Receiver General for Ireland-,but he refilled to receive it,

by reason the Time was lapsed; as by the said Receiver’s Certificate, also produced to the Committee, appeared.

That by the Journal of this House, in 1707, it appears, that the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of the Archbishop of Tuam, was committed, were impowered to receive a Clause for the Petitioner’s Relief; but the said Bill did not pals in that Session of Parliament.

ThatforNon-payment of thefeid Remainderof the Purchase-money, as aforesaid, the Purchase is become void in

Law;

Bishop of

Kaphos

Indemnity.

Lady Littou'i Estate*

Palme rY Estate*

HubbaJdS

Debt to die Crown-

Rooth's Pu chafe of Iri Forfeitures.

io Ann.

io

Aprilis.

587

that Time; and that Mr. Granville and Sir Charles -tham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Brook'1 <’ Prue biiip*

Law; and that the Petitioner is willing to pay the said Remainder, with Intcrett Irom the 24th Day of ‘June,

*7°4» that being the Time, when it ought to have been paid. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

ordered, That Ixave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- making the Laws, for repa’ring of the Highways, more Carding to the Pia\ cr of the Petition ot ti e laid Abra- effectual; and that the Lord Compton, Mr. , and " &

ham Roth; and that Sir Robert Daves sand Mr. Annefey Sir John , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

do prepare, and bring in, the lame. Ordered, That Sir Thomas Powell have Leave to go into

the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Leave of Absenca.

A Petition of Cefir Brooke*, Lite Commander of her M.we fly's Ship the Culture Firdhip, on behalf of him-1 if, his Otiirers, an ! Ship’s Company, belonging to the fame, was presented to the I loufe, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner was Captain of the Culture Kirclh'p, unde r the Command of Commodore in the

Indies: That off of Carthagena they met with Spanish G.ihcens and fought them, till one of the Admirals of the Galleons blew up: That the said Ftreship lay ready, with lighted Matches, to let her on fire, to destroy the Enemy: That at the same time t\ e Santa Cruize was t iken, and S-ntence of Condemnation was given against the said Galleon, in favour of the then Commodore

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Pitt have Leave to go into the Country lor a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better preventing Briix:ry and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next.

Bribery at Election*.

Coal Trade.

Mr. Speaker reported, that he did Yesterday, with the House, present to her Majesty their Address, returning their Thanks for her Majesty’s most gracious JVIeflage in relation to the building of new Churches; and that her

"('der* and Captain Long, and others, leaving out the Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answerj Petitioner, his Officers, and Company, to their great

A*’" "g and Pujudice: And praying the liclici of this Gentlemen,

Your Address is extremely acceptable to me, as it is a Proof of your Zeal for the Interest of the established Church, and for the Advancement of Religion.

1 will take care, that, what you grant, shall in the most speedy and effectual Manner be applied to the good A Bill to dissolve the pr-sent, and prevent the future, purpo(c> for which jt js inteoded.

Combination ot Ccal owners, Lightermen, Matters of

Ship, and others, to advance the Price of Coals in Pre- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to judice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of whorn |I1C Bill for continuing the A<5k, of the Fifth Year this Kingdom, and for the farther Encouragement of of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the the Coal 1 rade, was read a Second time. Game) and for making thy same more effectual, was

Answer t« Addrest.

Wr )i

honourable House in the Premises

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* Adoration of tire Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Allen, a Native ol Scotland, is referred.

Preservatioa of Game*

Rcfoived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Farrer, Mr. Pitts, Sir Wm. Barker, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Churchill, Mr. Shacker/y, Mr. Hart, Sir Char.

Mr. Palmes, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Cross, Mr. Peyton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Hey, Mr. Sir

Jacob Ashley, Lord lVm. PMr. Chapman, Mr.

Wright pm, Mr. Coates, Mr. Freman, Sir Richard -ton, Mr. ICalpole, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Smith, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Og ethorpe, Mr. Guyn, Sir Wm. and all

the Gentlemen that serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, the City of London, and the Counties of Middle/ex, and Nottingham: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, as Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Pafirs, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause, that no Person or Persons, exercising the Trade and Business of a Lighterman, For the lightering of Coals in the River of Thames, be permitted to deal or trade as Crimp, or Coal-factor, in the said River, or Port of London; and to impower any Person or Persons, keeping a Lighter or Lighters in the said River, to Coals.

committed, be taken into farther Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House refblved itself into a Committee of the Naval Store* whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of j^£Scot* the Transportation of naval Stores from any Part of North Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Spealter returned the Chair.

Mr. Smith reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

lighter

JDe^inns in Scotland.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to esquire, how far the several Imprest Accomptants have patted their respective Accounts, and to consider of Methods for the more effectual and speedy compelling the said Accomptants to pass their A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Accounts, and to obviate all Irregularities, and unne-That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they cessary Delays, in the fame, be taken into Consideration have Power to receive a Clause, to make the Conveyance upon this Day Seven-night, of Coals to the Rivers of Tyne and Were more ealy;

It passed in the Negative. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Mr. Lockhart prerented to the House, (according to Or- di®>J,",8 ']>« MamTOe of Sltpknt Jrrmu, the onlr der) a Bill fot qualifying Members to lit in the House of Son of *" Merchant, with Sarah

Commons for that Part of Great Britain culled Scotland, an<* to ena^c to marry on*’n "'n"

Imprest Ac-cowptanUj.

Jermyn'a

Divorce.

A nr a

C'm.lhI

Spain.

r? of

and for the better regulating of Elections there; and the same was received, and read the I'irft time.

Rcfoived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paying and clearing a Detachment of the Guards in Spain after the Battle of Almanza, between the 24th of,

again, was read a Committee of the

and to enable him to Second time, and committed to a whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Vacation of and 24th of October, 7707, and for supplying the De- Charters of Sir John Anstruther, relating to his heritable Seats by feel of the Mutter Rolls of the said Detachment within Offices in Scotland, defeended to him from his Father. ~~ptinS . Vol. lb. And

Office.

1

xo" — i i°

A.

17x1

And the Charter of the 29th of ', 1704, was read, constituting the said Sir John Anstruther's Father, and his Heirs, Males, to be hereditary and perpetual Inspectors and Searchers of all prohibited and uncustomed Goods, and Keepers of the Cockets, in the Ports of Ely and Anstruther, in Scotland.

And also several Clauses in an Act, of 12 and 13 William Illd, intituled, An Act son granting an Aid to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons, for One Year, and for other necessary Occasions, was read:

And also a Clause in the Act, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, Chap. 7. intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, was read.

Resolved, That the hereditary Offices of an Inspector and Searcherof all prohibited and uncustomed Goods, and Keeper of the Cockets, in the Ports of Ely and tker, in North Britain, are within the Meaning of the Act of Parliament of the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majesty King William, whereby any Member of the House of Commons, having an Office, Place, or Employment, concerning the farming, managing, or collecting, the Customs, is absolutely incapable of being a Member of this House.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir John Anstruther, having, by the Death of his Father, the hereditary Offices of an Inspector and Searcher of all prohibited and uncustomed Goods, and Keeper of the Cockets, in the Ports of Ely and

ther , in North Britain, defeended to him, is capable of

being a Member of this House;

Committees.

Paterfou’s Claims,

Scotch, Indian, and

African

Company.

Ordered, That Sir Simeon Stuart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncomb, Mr. , Mr. Shack' erley, Mr. Swift, Mr. ChapmaMr. Lambton, Mr-Hungerford, be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Paierson, Esquire, was referred.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Vincent, Lord Mr.

Burftem, Sir Wm. St. Quint in, Mr. Gale, Mr. Henley, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Plumtree, Mr. BellaJJis, Mr. Fleetwood, Mr. Campion, Mr. Lecbmere, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Trefufts, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Allen, a Native of Scotland, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 11* die Aprilis;

Anno io* Ann® Regina, 1711.

Prayers.

SI R William Pole reported from the Committee, to Granting whom the Bill to enable her Majesty to grant the Site of Site of the Castle of Exon (Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall) for Ninety-nine Years, for the Use and Benefit C *’ of the County of Devon, was committed, that they had made several Amendments to

if-irtf

C^!

taiP

A*,-f

!'.tilth

the Bill, which they

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by had directed him to report to the House: And he read adding, after "him," these Words; viz. "but not the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them " having taken, enjoyed, or executed, the fame." in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read

And the Question being put, That those Words be throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and.

61.

57-

sodded to the Question;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yea JJJr- I

’£Mr. Walpole:

Tellers for the Noe J JJr- ]

’(Mr. bhippen:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question was put;

And it was

Resolved, That Sir John Anstruther, having, by the Death of his Father, the hereditary Office of an Inspector and Searcher of all prohibited and uncustomed Goods, and Keeper of the Cockets, in the Ports of Ely and An-Jlrutber, in North Britain, defeended to him, but not having taken, enjoyed, or executed, the fame, is capable of being a Member of this House.

upon the Question several I y put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of William Burgoyne, late of the City of Exon, Merchant, deceased, during the Minority of his Son and Daughters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm Pole, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Manley, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Strangewayes, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Fitz Williams, Mr. Pitt, Mr. R Mr. Duncomb, Sir Wm. Carew, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Anncfley, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Geo. , Sir

Gilbert Elliott, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Wortley, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Loyd, Sir Richard ton. Sir Edmond Bacon, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Nicholas Morice, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Smith, Colonel Let, Sir Ja. Mountagu; and all the Gentlemen that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Burgoyne’i

Matt.

' VnMic An ingrossed bill for the taking, examining, and Account*. Rating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners, appointed

for taking the Accounts, shall not incur any Penalty, or Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Disability, for putting the Act in Execution, or be deemed incapable of fitting and voting in this kpresent A Petition of the Royal African Company of England Parliament: was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that

And the feme was thrice read, and, upon the Question there are divers Petitions now before this honourable put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made House, relating to the Settlement of the African Trade, Part of the Bill. in which Trade the Petitioners are deeply concerned, and

The Blank in the Bill, for the Commissioners Names, having the same granted to them by Charter from his late was filled up with, " the honourable Henry Bertie, Majesty King Charles the Second: And praying, that " Esquire, George Lockhart, Esquire, Salway Winning- they may be heard by their Counsel at the Time the u ton, Esquire, Francis Anntfly, Esquire, Thomas Lifter, Settlement of that Trade shall be taken into Confide Esquire, William Shippen, Esquire, and Henry Cam- ration.

" pion, Esquire." Ordered, That the Petitioners be at Liberty to be heard

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, by their Counsel before the Committee of the whole House, An Act for the taking, examining, and Rating, the to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors publick Accounts of the Kingdom. of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscri-

bers.

Africa*

Company,

io Ann. li° Aprilis.

bers for the Support and carrying on that Trade, is referred.

5 African A Petition of the Dealers in Wool, Serge-makers, Cu«ui«»ny. Wool-combers, and Weavers, in behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of poor People, in and about the Town of Totnet, in the County of Devon, wak presented to the Iloul'e, and read; letting forth, that, as of late Years the Trade on fine Serges has been lessened, we have l>een employed in making coarse Serges, commonly called Perpet lianas, for the Coalt of Africa, which of late have been much encreal'ed, and the Petitioners have not only by that a Manufacture of coarse Wool, but many aged poor People are thereby employed in spinning for those coarse Goods; and being informed, that Endeavours are used to confine that Trade to a Company, whereby the Quantities made will be IdTencd, and the Petitioners exposed to the utmost Straits: And praying, that their Cale may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 1 Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to

j whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of

the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribera for

j the Support and carrying on that Trade, is referred.

Itoth*. P. r- Sir Robert D.rjers presented to the House (according tkuc if lull* t > Order) a B II for the Relief of Abraham Roth, of the tvdutunr*. Kmgdom ot I eland, K(quire, in relation to his Purchase oi Part of the forfeited Kltates in Ireland-, and the same was received: and read the Firstlimc.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ca-nfir..:.!

UcUmiii.

A Pecitirn of P.rd Orchard, Esquire, was presented to the House, a:id read , setting forth, that on the Twenty-sixth Day of March Lft pall, at the Election of a Burgcis, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cmnejord, in the room of "j a (par Rat caffe, Esquire, de-

cc.iti-J, there Hood Candidates (or the said Borough, jManaton, Esquire, ami the Petitioner; and that One-and-twenry of the Perldns, qualified to vote, voted for the Petitioner, and for the said Henry Manat on but Twelve; so that the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: That one Go rook upon him to act as Mayor in Opposition to Edward Gen-

tleman, the legal Mayor, yet, notwithstanding the Majority the Petitioner had, as aforesaid, the said Godfry White returned the said Henry a Burgess for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And piaying, that the Matters maybe taken into Consideration, and the Petitioner be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the liuufe.

Ordered, That the said Committee do examine the M uter of the said Petition upon this Day Three Weeks, being the Second Day of May next.

Importing A Petition of the Clothiers, and Drugget-makers, and Wool Cauls. Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, of the City of

Winchester, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and of many Thousands of the Poor, employed in the W oollen Manufacture, against the Bill to prohibit the Importation of foreign Wool Cards, and to prevent Abuses in making the same with old Wire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the prohibiting the Sale and Use of old Caids will be a great Detriment to the whole Woollen Manufacture, for the Want of so useful a Commodity, as the old Cards are; and that the Wire is strong enough to wear out Two Leathers; so that the preventing of setting of old Wire into new leather will be as equally" detrimental to the clothing Trade, as that of prohibiting of the Sale and Use of old Cards: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 1&

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of stepney, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of -sex, as well on the behalf of themselves, as of many thousand Families residing and dwelling the rein, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Hamlet is one of the largest of the Eight Hamlets of the said Parish of Stepney, lying at a great Difiance from the Parish Church, and by the extraordinary Encrease of the Poor, occasioned by the War, is altogether unable to build a Church for Divine Worship; and being informed, that the good and pious Designs of this great and august Assembly (for the Promotion of the Worship and Service of God) is to erect sundry Churches, or Places of publick Worship, in the Out-parts of this Metropolis: And praying, that they, being so large a Hamlet, paying their own Poor, which amounts to about £. 1,300 per Annum, and choosing their own Parish Officers, they might be efieemed worthy of so great a B Idling, as to be one of those Hamlets, favoured on that Account, to have a Church amongst them to worship God in, according to the established Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Mistery of Bakers, in the City of London, was referred.

And the lame, with the Resolutions thereupon, were read, and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee having taken into Consideration the Allegations, contained in thelaid Petition; it appeared, that in the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, there is a Penalty of Forty Shillings, wholly given to Informers, for Accidents, which are unavoidable; for which several of the Petitioners have been punished, and paid the said Penalty, because the Mark on their Bread hath accidentally been imperfect, although the same was full Weight, and have often fulfered by a Loaf wanting a (null Matter in its Weight, which sometimes is not to be avoided, by reason of its being over-baked, or Hale, or by some other Accidents, incident to the Trade.

It appeared also to the Committee, that common Informers, as Soldiers, and such-like loose Sort of People, have often gone, and do go, from House to House, to buy a crusty or Hale Loaf, on Purpose to ground an Information upon.

That, to prove which Allegations, several Persons were examined , viz.

Bartholomew Marsh said, that he was fined Forty Shillings, because the Letters of the Mark did not plainly appear on a Peny Brick, although the Impression was very plain, before it was baked, but, in baking, it became imperfect: He was convicted before Justice Fuller, and compounded with the Informer lor 20

John Butler said, he was fined Four Pounds, for want of a Mark on Two Peny Bricks, which were full Weight: He was convicted before Justice Fuller, And compounded with the Informer for 30*.

Joseph Booth laid, he was fined, and paid, Forty Shillings, for want of a Mark on a Half Peck Loaf.

Robert Hubbard said, he paid 20*. for want of a Mark on a Peny Brick.

'Robert Gijbiirn said, that an Informer came to his Shop, and bought a Six-peny Loaf, and kept it F<5ur Days, and then informed against him, that the Loaf wanted Half an Ounce; for which he was convicted before the late Lord Mayor, and paid 40*.

'Thomas Cove said, that he paid 40 s. on Account of a Six-peny Loaf, Four Days old: The said Loaf, after it was bought, was dimimlhed, by having a Piece pulled out; the Informer (who was a common Soldier) after he bought it, carried it to a Justice, and procured a Warrant of Distress, which was levied, and paid: Mr. Cave afterwards brought an Appeal at the following Quarter 7 K Sclfions,

Wapping

Church.

Assize of Bread,

11* Aprilis.

A. 1711.

Sessions, and was there acquitted; and the Court ordered back his Forty Shillings, and Costs; but the Informer being a Soldier, the said Gave never had any Satisfaction; and this Prosecution cost him at least Ten Pounds.

Richard Deivdney said, that he was convicted before (he late Lo(d Mayor, for felling Half Peck and Quartern Loaves, he living just within although Bakers,

living very near him, without the Gate, were allowed by the Justices of Middlesex to sell the same Sort of Bread} and although his Loaves were full Weight, and more Bread in Proportion, than lized Bread, yet he was forced to pay feteral Sums by Order of the late Lord Mayor,

to make it up with the Informer.

And that, upon die whole Matter, the Committee came to the Reflations following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations contained in their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for Relief of the Petitioners.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and Amend the Act, patted the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; and that Sir George Newlatod, Sir Humphry Mack-worth, Mr. Med/ycott, and Mr. Randyll, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Prevention of An ingossed Bill for the better preventing of excessive Gaming. an(j deceitful Gaming, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Hemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the better preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming.

Ordered, That Mr. Hdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Attempt on A Bill to make an Attempt on the Life of a Privy the Life of a Couhfellor to be Felony, without Benefit of Clergy* was Privy Conn- a Second time.

or’ Rtfohtd, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refbfve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Karley Resolved, Nemine, contr That when the Right

tobecongra- honourable Robert Harley, Esquire, Chancellor of her LfciTe °B h'S Majesty’s Exchequer, attends the Service of this House, cape' the Speaker do, in the Name of this House, congratulate the said Mr. Harley's Escape, and Recovery, from the barbarous and villainous Attempt, made upon him by the Sieur de Guiscard.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had d:-rested him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejklved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Town Clerk, and Camelford Freemen, of the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Lleftiun. Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that on the Twenty-sixth Day of March last past, at an Election held for a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of Jasper Rateliffe, Esquire, deceased, there flood Candidates for the said Borough, Henry Manaton, Esquire, and Paul Orchard,

Esquire; and that there are Three-and-thirty Eieftors within the said Borough, of which One-and-Twenty voted for the said Paul Orchard, and Twelve for the said Henry Manaton; and that Edward Cloake, Gentleman, is the lawful Mayor of the said Borough, and John Phillips, Gentleman, the lawful Town Clerk; notwithstanding which, Godfry White, one of the Burgesses of the said Borough, having by some indirect Means procured and gotten to himself the Precept for the electing of a Burgel's, to serve in this present Parliament, did on the said Twenjy-sixth Day of March last usurp and take upon himself the Office of Mayor, and, taking to his Assistance one Edward Harrison, Gentleman, proceeded with the Election, and denied the said Edward Cloake and John Phillips, the lawful Attorney, and Town Clerk, to act; and, having only taken the Votes of Three-and-twenty of the Eieftors, denied to poll the rest, and declared the said Henry Manaton elected, and unduly returned him Burgess

for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the Lid Paul

Orchard, who was duly elected, and of the Petitioners:

And praying, that the Matters may be put into Examination, and the Petitioners relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House; and that the Matter thereof be heard at the same time the Petition of Paul Orchard, Esquire, complaining also of the said Election, is appointed to be heard.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to CoslTra*. difiolve the present, and prevent the future, Combination of Coal-owners, Lightermen, Matters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the farther Encouragement of the Coal Trade, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee?.

Prfl

The Order of the Day being read;

African Refshed, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Company. Seven-night, the first publick Business, resolve itself into & Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on that Trade.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

General The House resolved itself into a Committee of the P«ft Office, whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for establishing a general Poll Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions, and for settling a weekly Payment out of the Revenues thereof, to raise a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year 1711.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Ordered, That Lord Thomond, Mr. Ward, Mr. Dun- Grosvenor* comb, Me. Palmer, be added to the Committee, to whom tttate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to perform the Marriage Articles of Sir Richard Grosvenor, Baronet, and Dame Jane, his Wife, notwithstanding the Lunacy of Dame Mary Grosvenor, and the Infancy of her younger Children, and for settling the Estate in the Family, and making building Leases as effectually, as if the said Dame Ma was of found Mind and Memory, and her Children of full Age, and all had joined in levying Fines, was committed.

Ordered, That Sir Banks, Mr. Hotham, be added to Paterfoo* the Committee, to whom the Petition of Wm. Pat erf on,

Esquire, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

& r

io Ann.

12

Aprilis.

59*

pnrlf r’t tii*t^*

Jovis, 12° dV<? Aprilis;

Anno io* Ann* Regin*, 1711. Prayers.

MR. Pytts reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Hill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate of Humphry in

Act for

ingrossed

Sale of the

the

Parish of Hart.’ebury, in the County of , was

committed; that the Committee had examined the AJ-legations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and

Ordered, That the Lord Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the repaving the Highways be* Puoftablatp tween Dunfiable and Hockley, in the County of Hockkjf

was read the Third time. Rom*.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made; therein; viz.

Pr. 8 L. 24. To leave out *aoth," and insert "First;’* and to leave out " April? and insert u May."

Pr. 9. L. ill, The same Amendment:

The said Amendments were, upon the Question so*

that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to verallyr put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and c e Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Bill amended at the Table accordingly, the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to That the Bill do pass» and that the Title be,

the House, without any Amendment: And be delivered An Act for repairing the Highways between the same io at the Clerk’s Table.

and Hockley, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Chapman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Richard TiUefleyClerk, Curate and Min* Reader to the Minister of the Parish of St. Sepulchres, Adventure London, and Treasurer to a School, set up and continued, ou>i>anjr* in the said Parish, by voluntary Subscriptions, for the educating and instructing poor Girls in the Worship and Service of Almighty God, in the Principles of the Church

Wontlf

Lllall.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for veiling of certain Lands in the Parish of Woodchurch,

in the County of Kent, formerly purchased by Winifred Briber and Laurence Badger, in certain Trustees, to be sold for the railing Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

R foiled, Tltat the Bill be comm't ted to Mr. Hardress,

Sir Gilbert Dolhyn, Mr. Stef hens. Lord Wm. Poivht, Mr.

Goddard, Sir Geo. Ncut and Colonel Lee, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Gery, Mr. Heysham, Sir Wm. of as by Law established, and Thomas Tranter,

Barker, Sir Robert Eden. Lord Comphn, Mr. Nwland, Treasurer for the Boys School, so set up, and continued,

Mr. Peyton, Sir Edward Symcur, Mr. Smith, Mr. Carey, »n ,he Parifll» for the Purposes aforesaid, was prefeuted

M r. Campion, Colonel Drake, Mr. Ere, nan, Mr. Pitt, Mr. *° tl,c House, and read; setting forth, that several well-dtf-

Bidteel, Mr. Vmcent, Colonel Codrington, Mr. Black- P°fed persons at several times did give £.250 for the

more, Mr Po^-.am, Mr. Shippen, Sir Edmund Bacon, better Support and Maintenance of the poor Children of Mr. Wright, on:And all the Members, that serve for said resped.ve Schools, for putting them out Ap-

the Counties of Kent and Sussex :And they are to prentices: That theliuftecs for the said Schools did lend meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’* the said£ 2S° at Interest, to the Mine Adventurers of Chamber. England, there to remain, till they could find forne Pur-

cliafc, to lay out the same for the Benefit of the said Chil-An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act dren; and they apprehending that the same was well fe-for Sale of the Manor of Great Bealings, and several cured, and ready to be paid, when called for, did acquielce Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of therein: But the Petitioners finding to their great Trou-Henry W00d,alias Webb, Esquire, decease J, in Great blc, that the said Company have flopped Payment of all Bealings, and several other Places, in the County of Suf- Moneys due from them, and that the said poor Childrens folk, for discharging a Mortgage thereon, and for Pay- Moneys* are in Danger of being loft; and the Petitioners ment of other Debts of the said Henry Wood, alias Webb, hearing that there is a Bill depending in this honourable, and for applying the overplus Money (if any) arising by House, relating to the said Mine Adventurers, pray, that such Sale, for the Benefit of Henry Wood, alias Webb (an a short Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for fc-

curing the said poor Childrens Money, or that they may be otherwise relieved therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of divers Creditors and Proprietors of the Company of Mine Adventurers, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have given Credit to, and lent, the said Company of Mine Adventurers several Thousand Pounds, on Security of the Company’s Bonds and Bills, under their common Seal, which are now be-

infant) his Son and Heir, was read a Second time.

ReJ'dyed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Sir T/10. Hanmer, Sir Geo. Newland, Mr. Gery,

Mr. Hickman, Mr. Campion, Sir Richard Faring ton, Mr.

Win. for, Mr. Heysham, Major General Tre/awny, Mr.

Chapman, Colonel Codrington, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr.

Faner, Mr. Gott, Mr. Neieland, Colonel Berkley, Mr.

Page, Mr. Peyton, Sir Hum. Mackveorth, Dr. Pflfk, Colonel

Stephens, Mr. Gape, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Wm.Barker,

Mr. Serjeant Richard/on, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Robert Eden, Lord Compton, Mr. Freman, Mr. Bracebridgt, Mr.

Ferrier, Sir Gilbert Dtlben, Mr. Curratce, Colonel Grahme,

Mr. Pitt, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Jennings, Mr. come due and payable; and the Petitioners are intitled Aledlycott, Sir Wm. Wkitlocke, Mr. Raudyll; and all the to divers Rights and Privileges by and under her Ma-Gentlemen, that serve for the Counties of Suffolk and jesty’s most gracious Charter of Incorporation, granted Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five to the said Company, and by several Grants, Contracts, a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. and Mortgages, made for good and valuable Considera*

tions by- the said Company, under their common Seal, W’nnikn & An logrolled Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, and are intitled to divers other just Demands from the Haaufaflum- made in the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, laid Company, of which the Petitioners will be deprived. An Act for the more effectual preventing Abuses and in case a Bill lately brought into this honourable House, Frauds of Persons, employed in the working up the intituled, A Bill for the Relief of the Creditors and Pro-Woolleo, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufac- prietors of the Company of Mine Adventurers, by efta-tures of this Kingdom, was read the Third time. blifhinga Method for settling the Differences between the

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title Company, and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in be. An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, made in order to an effectual working the Mines of the said Com-the First Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act pany, should pass into a Law: And praying, that they for the more effectual preventing Abuses and Frauds of may have a saving Clause in the said Bill, for all Debts, Persons, -employed io the working up the Woollen, Demands, Rights, and Privileges, legally belonging to Linen, Fuftiao, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this them, or farther Relief in the Premises.

Kingdom.

Vol. 16.

Dlttf.

592

12°

A i’

Jrnpr>rting Irish Yarn.

Ditto.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Earls of Montrath and,

the Lords Charlmont, Allington, Lanejboro, Mont joy, Blayney, and Shelburne, on behalf of themselves, and others, the Nobility, Gentry and Traders, of the

thereunto, as also all Orders of the Court, relating to the same Seizure.

Ordered \That the Chairman do specially report to the House, what appeared to the Committee, why Mr. Woolley, Secretary to the East India Company, did not attend on Wednesday Night, and, when he did attend on

Thursday, he did nor obey the Orders of the Committee,

Kingdom of lr'hnJ, was presented to the Hottfe, and laX'"g V t. T’ m'T or'

read i retting forth, that, for the better Encouragement *r, and the Realons he gaee for not obeying the lame.

of the Woollen Manu&dure of Great Britain, the ParJia- , Mrthat on Uft be-

ment of E.Mhad thought it neceflaty to prohibit the T " 7 ' k, £ ,1° ff

Exportation of the Wootftn Manufacture from Ireland,«00'> and ,nSu'r'd f"r M'- f

the People of/re/Wdid apply themselves to the comb- *°ld- hj‘ h« w" w,thk ,he Co"r' of P!Kft0? ,,b' n. and (nlnnin. of Wool to fnnnort their Company, he gave a Copy of the Order, signed by the Chairman of the Committee, to Mr. s

Clerk, who carried it in, and said Mr. Woolley would be

ing and (pinning of Wool, to support their necessitous Condition: That they did more readily engage in that Trade, because they conceived, whatever Progress they did make therein, it would be alwads acceptable, and of Advantage, to Great Britain, the lessening the Price of the Manufacture here being most likely to prove effectual in the removing that Decay and Pifcouragement: That the Petitioners do conceive the Reasons, why they should be indulged in the Pursuit of this Trade, beCause since that Time some foreign Countries have begun to work up the Woollen Manufacture, which were not engaged in it before; and therefore hope, it will not be thought reasonable to lay any Restrictions upon their Tradeai home;

with him immediately: After fbme Stay, he sent the Original -by OliverHawkins, Door-keeper, and to tell Mr. Woolley, he mud carry the Order back again to Mr. Peirfon, lie telling him the Substance.

Hawkins owned, he carried it in, and laid it before Mr. Woolley, and told him his Meffuge; and a little

while afterwards came for it again; and Mr. Woolley bid him take it away; Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Lane were by: Mr. Gilbert took the Order up, and laid it before Mr. Woolley.

c -,r j LO/-J Mr Woolley being called in, and asked, why he did

therefore, upon these. and many other Contentions, a Mtmd Yesterday. in Obedience to the Order of the

farmer I Instr nnnn Wnnllpn Yarn mmnrfprl trnm /»*. f -

Committee; he laid, that a Paper was brought in, and

farther Duty upon Woollen Yarn, imported from land, may prove highly prejudicial to the Protestant Interest there: And praying, that no farther Duty be laid upon Woollen Yarn imported from Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and Freeholders, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, Endeavours are used to obtain an Act of Parliament, to discourage the Importation of Irish Yarn: That if all the Wool of Ireland (and none of their Yarn) should be imported into Great Britain, it will muchleffen the Value of the Wool of this Kingdom, to the great Discouragement of Husbandry, and falling the Rents of those Lands, which depend on the breeding and keeping of Sheep: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who

laid before him, amongst other Papers; and, when the Court was up, he found the Copy of the Order about Four or Five a Clock, when he gathered up his Papers, but he never saw the original Order: That he acquainted Two or Three Gentlemen with it: Some were for his attending, others again!! it; and the Majority were for it: And that on Wednesday he shewed an Order to the Directors, for his attending the Committee on last,

which did not then fit; and they were of Opinion, that he ought not to carry any of the Papers, mentioned in the Order, because it might discover the Company’s Weakneis; but to take Mr. s Opinion there-

on, his Name being mentioned in the Order: That Mr. Hungerfordbid him not attend, for he would go to the Committee, and get him excused: And added, being ordered to ask Mr. Hungerford's Advice, whether he ought to lay before the Committee the Papers*mentioned in the Order, he told him not to do it, and that the Court came to a Resolution, and ordered a Minute thereon: And being asked, if it answered to the Substance of what he had

are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the said hc r;p)icd> Xo. but rchting the reunto; and that it

Scotch, Indian and A frican Company.

is in general.

Mr. Wccl/ey, being called in a Second time, said, he could not tell, whether the Door-keeper brought in the Summons; but he was busy, and did not read it; and that lie cannot tell, if he did not bid the Door-keeper

Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Oglethorpe, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants Adventurers of Scotland,

and other Officers, belonging to the Ship Annandale,- is

referred, acquainted the House, that he was directed to make a f, ecial Report, touching Mr. Woolley, the Secrc- take it away: Said, that Mr. Lane did bring him a Paper, tary of the East India Company, his being summoned to but does not know, lie told him it was a Copy, of the attend the Committee, and to lay before the Committee Order of the Committee.

the Opinions of Sir Edward Northey, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Whereupon a Petition of the Court of Directors of Hungerford, and all other Counsel, relating to the Ship the united Company of Merchants of England, trading to Annandale, and also to lay before the Committee all Let- the East Indies, was offered to the House. ters, sent, or received, relating to the Seizure of the Ordered, That the Petition be brought up

Ship Annandale, and all other Matters relating the reunto, as also all Orders of the Court, relating to, th.e same Seizure; and that the said Mr. Woolley had refuted to lay those Things before the Committee.

The Order of the Committee, and Report, are as fallow; viz.

Ordered, That Mr. Woolley, Secretary to the East India Company, do, on Wednesday, the Fourth of April, inllant, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, lay before the Committee the Opinions of Sir Edward Mr.

Dodd, Mr. Hungerford, and all other Counsel, relating to the Ship Annandale, and also to lay before the Committee all Letters, sent or received, relating to the

Seizure of the Ship Annandale, and other Matters relating this Day Seven-nighr.

The Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth,

Ordered, That the Court of Directors of the united Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, do lay before the said Committee all Orders of the Court relating to the Seizure of the Ship Annandale.

Ordered, That the Resolution of the said Court of Di-ref! ors upon the Order of the said Committee, bearing Date the Third Day of this instant April, and the Minute thereupon, be laid before this House.

The Orders of the Day were read.

Ordered, That the Call of this House be adjourned till

a I 1 k

Call Qf the House.

Mr.

ioAnn. i 2/ — ~ 13° Apri593

r Mr. Strangeways reported from the Committee of the Mr. Colonel Mr. Berners, Mr.

uiTTrai'u. whole House, to whom the Bill to appoint Com mi Hi on- Colonel Mr.; and all the Gentlemen,

ers, for examining the Value of Lands, and other Inte- that serve for the Counties ot Stafford and Salop: And rests, granted by the Crown since the Thirteenth Day they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in of February, 1688, and upon what Considerations such the Speaker’s Chamber.

Grants were made, in order to resume the fame, and

apply them to the Use of the Publick, was committed; An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways from PetersfieldI to that they had left the Blank in the Bill for the Commis- n the Parish of to the Town of

sioners Names, and for the Title of the Bill, to be filled in the County of Southampton, was read the

up by the House; and had made several Amendments Third time,

to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the And the Amendments following being severally pro-

lloufe: And he read the same in his Place, and after- poted to be made to the Bill; viz.

wards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where Pr. c. L. 32, To leave out " Two Pence," and insert

they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Number of the Commissioners be

Seven.

Resolved, That no Person shall be a Commissioner, who has any Office of Profit, or is accountable to her Majesty, or has or holds under any Grant from the Crown since the Thirteenth Day of February 1688.

Resolved, That the Commissioners may be Members of this House.

Resolved, That the Commissioners be chosen by way of balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon TutfJay Morning nexf, at Twelve a Clock, prepare Lilts, to be put into Glades, of Seven Persons Names, to be Commissioners for nutting in Execution the Bill to appoint Commissioners for examining the Value of all Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown since the Thirteenth Day of February, 1688, and upon what Considerat ions such Grants were made, in order to relume the lame, and apply them to the Lfc of the Publick.

Attempt oa The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ihe I.ne of whole House, upon the Bill to make an Attempt on the

J’nvy Couo- jjle of a Privy Counsellor to be Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 13* die Aprilis;

Anno 10° Anna? Reginar, 1711.

Prateus.

Biddulph* A BILL for Sale of Part of the Estate of Pheopbilus lii.itc. il BiJJulpb, Esquire, for Payment of hi* Debts, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cotes, Sir 7bo. Wroth, Mr. Shackerlv, Mr. Mr.

man, Mr. Rolls, Mr. Cross, Mr. Carter, Colonel Berkley, Mr. Strangewayes, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Courtenay, Sir Simeon Stuart, Sir Arth. Kay, Mr. Renday, Sir Cave, Sir Richard How, Mr. Sir

cent, Mr. Winstanley, Major General Mr.

Pare, Lord Down, Mr. Bulteel, Sir John Mr. Palmes, Mr. Pytts, Lord Scudamore, Mr. wood, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Sir Geo. , Mr.

Vol. 1C.

" One Pc-ny

Pr. 9. L. 9. To leave out " to execute

The same were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Houi'e; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for repairing the Highways from , in

the Parish of Peterfield, in the 1'own of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir Simeon Stuart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ailin'* for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir Richard Allin, alias Eilat*.

Auguish, Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, for Payment of his Debts, and lettling the Remainder according to his Marriage Articles, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments, to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Bill to prevent Abuses in making and whitening of Scotch Linen Cloth of North Britain, and for the regulating Linen the Lengths, Breadths, and equal sorting of Yam for each Piece, and to hinder the Exportation of Flax of the Growth of North Britain, and all Sorts of Linen Yarn, to foreign Parts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carnegy,

Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. 7 eom an, Mr. Peytme, Sir Gilbert

Elliot, Sir The'. Wheat, Sir Alex. Cummings, Sir Cha.

Turner, Sir James Mountague, Mr. Ferrier, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Wm. St. Mr. Plump-

tree, Mr. Moor, Sir Richard Levign, Mr. Topbam, Mr.

Monckton, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Freman, Mr. Cross, Sir Wm.

Robinson, Mr. Smith, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Eversfeild,

Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Cope, Mr. Sir Hum.

Briggs, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. York, Mr.

Mr. Renda, Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Hickman, Sir Geo. land, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr.

Pagett, Mr. Newland, Mr. Heysham^ Mr. Thompfou; and all the Gentlemen, that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber.

APetition ofdivers Lightermen, trading in Coals in and Coal Tr*d«. about the City of London, and Places adjacent, carrying of Coals on the River of Thames, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the free Lightermen of the said River, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, that there is a Bill now depending in this honourable House, intituled, a Bill to difiolve the present, and prevent the future, Combination of Coal-owners, Lightermen, Mailers of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade: That in the said Bill there is divers Clauses, which (should the same pass into a Law) will be highly prejudicial ro the Petitioners in their way of Trade, as also to the Publick in general; And praying, that

7 L they

594 13° Aprilis. 1711.

they may be heard by their Counsel concerning the had directed him to report to the House: And he read Premises. the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in

Ordered \That the said Petition be referred to the Con- at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read iideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to dissolve throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, the present, and prevent the future. Combination of upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto Coal-owners, Lightermen, Mailers of Ships, and others, by the House.

to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navi- Or That the Bill, with the Amendments, be gation. Trade, and Manufacturers, of this Kingdom, and ingossed. for the farther Encouragement of the Coal Trade, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Coun- Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this Me",l*rs fel before the Committee, if they think fit. House, do go with the Mace into the Court of Requests, umiuoue

and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to

Coal Trade. A Petition of the honourable Sidney Wort ley, alias Mountague, Esquire, Trustee for Charles Mount ague, Esquire, and Sir Henry Liddell, Baronet, on behalf of themselves, and many other Owners and Proprietors of several Collieries upon the River Tyne and was pre-iented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a Bill being depending before this honourable House, relating to the Coal Trade, which, the Petitioners conceive, will put the Proprietors of Collieries under insuperable Difficulties in working of their Collieries, and very great Inconveniences in other respects, and tend very much to the Discouragement of the Coal Trade: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel before the Commitree, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to dissolve the present, and prevent the future, Combination of Coal-owners, Lightermen, Matters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the farther Encouragement of the Coal Trade, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the Committee, if they think fit.

Seizure of The House being informed, that some of the Court of Ship An- Directors of the united Company of Merchants of

nandale. land, trading to the East Indies, attended, they were

called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House several Orders of the said Court, the Fourth Instant.

And then they withdrew.

The said Orders are as follow;

At a Court of Directors holden on Wednesday the 4th April, 1711.

The Secretary laying before the Court an Order of the Committee of Parliament, requiring him to attend them this Evening with the Opinions of Counsel, and other Matters therein mentioned; and the same being considered of;

A Draught of a Petition to the honourable House of Commons, drawn out on the Debate of the Court, was read, and approved of.

Ordered, That the Secretary cause the said Petition to be wrote out fair, and do sign the fame, as by Order of this Court.

Ordered, That the Gentlemen of this Court, who are Members of the House, do amend any Part of the said Petition, as they fee fit; and that, in such cate, the Secretary write it over again, and sign it; and that it be presented, as any of the said Members judge proper.

The above is a true Copy, and examined by

Tho. Woolley, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Orders do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Lwve of Ordered, That Mr. Wilson have Leave to go into Absence. the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

A Motion being made, That it bean Instruction to the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re.vlv‘n3cer* establishing a general Poll Office for all her Majesty’s Do- tau> uties' minions, and for settling a weekly Payment out of the Revenues thereof, to raise a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year 1711, is committed, to receive a Clause, to rectify a Mistake in the Act of Parliament, passed this Session, for reviving, continuing, and appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be water-borne, and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for Thirty-two Years, to raise £. 1,500,000 by

way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711, and forfupprefling such unlawful Lotteries, and suchlnfurance Offices as are therein mentioned, in relation to Coals, shipped for Exportation to Ireland, or the Isle of Man;

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to examine into the Matter of the said Mistake, and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Oliphant, Mr. Annejley, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Foley, Sir James Mountague, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Wm. Windham, Mr. Lowther, Sir Tho. Mr.

Conyers, Sir Simeon Stuart, Sir Hum. Mackworih,

Mr. Winnington, Mr. Smith, Colonel Byerley, Mr.

Thompson', or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into General a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther Office, of the Bill for establishing a general Post Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions, and for settling a weekly Payment out of the Revenues thereof, to raise a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year 17x1.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Wav* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider farthertof Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Attempt on Mr. Attorney General (according to Order) reported the Lite ot' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Privy Coun- Bill to make an Attempt on the Life of a Privy Coun-fellor. fellor to be Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

io Ann.

VfUrjMi* r'i ]' *rrli^l)ei Lrtate.

Frth\

Pu r Ir. I P r.eiturf*.

u tii the *'»* n.

14" Aprilis. 595

Sabbat14* afc;

Anno 10* Anna? Reginae, 1711.

Prayers.

A FR. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom

'» J.VJL the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of the Right Noble Evelyn Lord Marquis of Dorchester, and William Esquire, commonly called Lord , Son and Heir

apparent of the said Lord Marquis, and also for settling . the Fibre of John Hall, Esquire, on the Marriage of the said WiliamPierrepont, b.squire, was committed; that

they hail examined the Allegations of the Bill; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made one Amendment to that Part of the Bill, which relates to the Ellateof the Lord Marquis of DercLJler, which the Committee had directed him to

repoit to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Treble; where it was twice read, and, upon the Questbn put thereupon, agreed unto by the 1 Joule, and is as follows; viz.

Pr. 12. L. 20. After " Grimfttad" insert "

Tythe<iy, East Ty thirty

And the House being informed, that, since the Committee fat, and had gone through the Bill, Mr. Hall is dead;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the same Committee.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, that they do leave out of the Bill all, that relates to the said Mr. Hall his Estate.

A Bill for the Relief of Abraham Roth, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of

Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read a Second time.

ReJAvcd, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Dover s, lord Wm. PovAett, Mr. Mr. Cotton,

Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Gale, Sir Gilbert Mr. Foley,

Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Loivther, Mr. Carter, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr.. Blanch, Mr. N Colonel Grahm, Mr. Stock dale, Sir Jacob AJbley, Sir John Mordant, Mr.

Manley, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. An Kif.ey, Mr. Csfar, Mr. Churchill, Sir Eden, Mr. Grin fin, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Smith, Sir Geo.

Niwland, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Freman: And they are

to meet this Altcrnoon, at FiveaClock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estates of William Hubbald, and of his rather, Eduard Hubbald, in the County of Surrey, for the Satisfaction of the said William Hubbald's Debt to the Crown, and to preserve the Surplus thereof for the Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bald Sir Jac. AJbley, Sir Edward Goodier, Lord I km.

Sir Ci Ibert Dclben. Sir Artb. Kay, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hopkins,

M r. Palmes, Sir John Cope, Lord Comp/on, Colonel Berkley, Sir Robert Eden, Sir U in PSir Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Ponlat, Mr. Rr.dge, Mr. Mr. Page,

Mr. Manly, Mr. Herne, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Conyers, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Griffith, Mr. New/and, Sir Geo. Hew land. Colonel Lee, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Vincent, Mr. J'e\ton, Mr. Jeffery es, Mr. Pytt, Mr. Moor, Mr. Ca'ticrylj, Mr. Butler, Mr DttneoSir Richard Onfioiv,

Mi. Ft email, Mr. Heyfitam, Sin Richard Hoar, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Goilfion, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr. Middleton,

Mr. F.Jfington, Mr. Berners, Mr.; and all the

Gentlemen, that serve for the Counties of and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

V w 1.. 16.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mathew’* for Sale of such Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Mathew, Eft, te‘ late of Petersham, in the County of Surrey, Gentleman, deceased, as will be sufficient to discharge his Debts and Legacies, thereon charged by his lad Will and Te (lament, and for settling the Remainder thereof to the Uses in the said W'ill mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Heysham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

The Lord Compton prefen ted to the House (according Laws relt ting to Order) a Bill for making the Laws, for repairing the to Highways. Highways, more effectual; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better qualifying Justices of the Peace TuAices of in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a ^eace Second time. Qualification.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole 1 lou(e.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itft-if into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Dealers in Wool, Serge-Makers, African Wool-combers, and Weavers, in behalf of themselves, Company, and great Numbers of poor People, in and about the Town of Afbburton, in the County of Devon, was pre-(ented to the House, and rend; setting forth, that of late Years the Trade on fine Serges has been lessened, we have been employed in making coarse Serges, commonly called Perpetuanas, for the Coast of Africa, which of late have been much encreased, and the Petitioners have not only by that a Manufactureof coarse Wool, and many poor People are thereby employed in spinning for those coarse Goods; and being informed, that Endeavours are > used to confine the Trade to a Company, whereby the Quantities made will be lessened, and the Petitioners exposed to the utmost Straits: And praying to be favoured in the Consideration of their Cafe.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on that Trade, is referred.

A Petition of the Salters, Dyers, Weavers, Tuckers, Importing and many others, concerned in the Woollen Manu- IrilhYnrn. fasture, in about the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, that have their principal Support by the Woollen Manu-factory, conceive, that laying a farther Duty on Irish Yarn, made of Wool, will very much lessen their Trade, and discourage the said Manufactory, and be an apparent Prejudice to their Families: And praying, that their deplorable Cale may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the find Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Stuff-makers, Dyers, Ditto> Weavers, Tuckers, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufacture, within the several Towns of Bradford,

Trowbridge, Chippenham, Milkfam, Ca, and several

other Towns and Parishes within the County of Wilts,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

that the Petitioners being informed, there is a Design

to obtain an Act of Parliament, to lay a farther Duty

on Irish Yarn, made of Wool, which will discourage the

Importation of Yarn from thence, and will render the

Petitioners unable to carry on their Trade, as now they do,

to the Discouragcment of the Manufactory, and, we fear,

will lessen the Trade in foreign Market?, which are now

supplied

Leave of Absence.

J

Palatines.

596 14 Aprilis.A. 1711.

rupplied by our Woollen Manufacture: And praying, that their same may be taken into Confederation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, who are to confeder farther of Ways and Means for raiseng the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Morice have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Wheat have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occafeons.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrard have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery, of his Health.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Olave in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, together with the principal Inhabitants of the adjacent Parishes, was referred; and who were to enquire upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Great Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid.

And the said Report was read, and is as follows; viz.

That they have examined the Matter, and, upon the Examination of Mr. Wig one of the Churchwardens, find.

That in September, or Oftob 1709, near a i,ooood Palatines came into their Parish, and were entertained in Sir Charles Cox's Warehouses,' although Sir Charles Cox was desired by the Parish Officers not to receive them, for fear of Expence, or Infection, they being very numerous, and sickly.

Mr. Walter Cock fays, the Palatines were removed from their Camp at Black-heath by Order of the Commissioners, appointed to distribute her Majesty’s Bounty, and other Charities to them, and Places were hired for their Reception; but he did not hear of any Security given to the Parish.

Mr. Meggott and Mr. Lade said, the Palatines were at

that Time received into Sir Charles Cox's Warehouses, though the Parish Officers had applied to him, to prevent their being received into the said Parish.

Mr. Bendyjb, Secretary to the Commissioners for the Palatines, said, that, when the Commissioners had it under their Consideration to dispose of them in the Autumn of 1709, the cold Weather approaching, the Commissioners never consulted the Parishes about receiving them, but where they found room, they contracted for it; and then it was, that Sir Charles Cox offered his "Warehouses for Two Months, gratis, with Condition to be paid for the whole Time, if they flayed any longer: And it appears by the Minute Book of the general Meeting of the said Commissioners, that on the Eighth of February, 1709, Sir Charles Cox, on his Application to the said Commissioners, had a Warrant on the Chamber of London, to pay him 100 Guineas for the Hire of the said Warehouses, upon Condition, the poor Palatines should flay there, till they were sent to Ireland; which Sum he received the Ninth of February, 1709, as by the Chamberlain of London's Book.

Mr. I ho. East said, there was an Order of Vestry, to apply to the Commissioners for the Palatines, to get rid of them about the End of October, 1709, when they appeared to be about 1,400 Persons; and that about the Beginning of February after they were removed.

It appeared to the Committee, that Three thousand Palatines were sent to Ireland in August, 1709, pursuant to an Address to her Majesty from the Lord Lieutenant and Council in Ireland, desiring as many Palatines, as her Majesty should think fit to fend thither, and giving 20

furances of their being received and settled in that Kingdom; and that the Commissioners for the Palatines here bore their Charges thither, which amounted to the Sum of £.3,498. 1 6s. 6d.and, to complete their Settlement

in Ireland, a Warrant was signed by her Majesty, and directed to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, appropriating ,£.15,000 out of her Majesty’s Revenues in that Kingdom, to be paid in Three Years, at 5,000 a Year.

In February, 1709, Eight hundred Palatines more were sent into Ireland, upon a Representation from the Lord Lieutenant and Council of that Kingdom (the Commissioners here bearing their Charges, as before) and a Second Warrant was granted by her Majesty, and directed, as before, appropriating £. 9,000 of her Majesty’s Revenues in that Kingdom, to be paid in Three Years, at £. 3,000 a Year, to complete the Settlement of these 800.

In some short time several of the Palatines being returned out of Ireland, and more ready to follow, the Commissioners for the Palatines here sent Mr. John Crockett to Ireland, to prevent the Return of these People to England: And the Committee being informed, that John Crockett attended, he was called in, and said,

John Crockett. Upon his Arrival in Ireland, he found Twenty Families going on board, to return to England, with a Pass for 15 Families, to this Effect: " Permit to pass into England Five-and-twenty " Families of Palatines, it being by my Lord Lieutenant’s " Leave:" Directed to the Sutveyor of Ringsend: Signed John Smalles, who was Steward to the Lord Lieutenant,

and Secretary to the Commissioners for the Palatines in Ireland: Which Pass Mr. Crock opt, and, on applying to the Lord Lieutenant, the said Pass was recalled; but that several Families had returned before he came to Ireland: and that, upon further Application to the Commissioners for the Palatines in Ireland, to prevent any more of them returning to England, he was answered by my Lord Chief Justice Broderick, who was in the Chair, that they had no Power to flop them, they being a free People: Since which several Families are returned: so that there are now 232 Families, one with another, he believes, of Five in a Family, most of them now at the Bridge-house in Southwark.

Upon the Examination of John Henrick Hind, Frederick Rose, John Umpack, and John Peter,

Palatines.

It appeared, they were of the Number of those, who had gone for Ireland’, and were since returned to Southwark, as are the rest, there, to the Number of 232 Families.

That the Reasonsof their leaving Ireland was, the hard U sage they received from the Commissary Hinch, Mr. Sweet, and others, who did not pay them their Subsistence; on which they applied, to the Lord Lieutenant, who ordered it for them; but they never received but one Week’s Allowance. They said, they paid their own Passage to England, though they were told by Mr. Hinch, that they should have Ten Shillings per Head, to leave Ireland: That they wrote Letters to each other, to meec at Dublin;and that Seventy-five Families returned with the said Nonius.

That the Palatines are in a starving, miserable, and sickly, Condition, was proved by

Mr. Wignall; who said, they were all lodged in one House, which was become very nauseous, and they sickly, and the Parish fearful of some infeClious Dillcmper.

Mr. Amy also said, that he lives in the Parish of St. Olave's, near an Apothecary’s, who, with Doctor Mead, had the Care of a Family, who were sick, near the Place, where the Palatines were lodged; who said, the Places adjacent are in Danger of Infection from a very ill Distemper among them, of which many died.

As to the Apprehension of Charge to the Farifli;

It appears, the Palatines have no Subsistence, but what they get by their Wives begging for them in the Streets,

That

io Ann.

14* jfprilis.

597

That the ordinary Rates for the Poor in St. Olave's Transports, and other Ships, at her Majesty’s Charge Parish is Eight times as much, as Twenty Years ago; provided, to bring them hither, as also ali Sorts of Ne-and that bclidcs, this Year an extraordinary Book of ceflaries, during their Voyage, by Mr. her

£. JOO over and above the ordinary Rates, will not de- Majesty’s Secretary at the Hague, who had received In-4n" the Charge of the said Parish towards their own structions from Mr. Secretary Boyle (in her Majesty’s

Name) to that Purpose, pursuant to my Lord Duke of Marlborough's Desire, signified by Mr. Ctrdonnell in his £. j. d. Letter of the 21 ft of , 1709, to Mr. 7 Secretary

to Mr. Boyle; and at the same time he is told, that my 647 3 nf Lord Treasurer has wrote to Mr. the Paymaster,

to order Mr. Sweet at Amsterdam to supply him with such Sums of Money, as that Service should require.

-1,380 a 4 Pursuant to thcle Instructions, Mr. from time

----- — to time informed Mr. Secretary Boyle of the Number of

£. 2,027 6 3$ Palatines arrived in Holland, and what were embarked for

with the Intelligence he received of more, that

fray

Poor.

It likewise appears to this Committee, that there is in the Chamber of London remaining of the Money, collected by Briefs, &c. the Sum of

And also in the Hands of the Receivers for the Briefs, not yet paid into the Hands of the Chamberlain of London

In all -

JLfides what is collected in some Parishes, which have were coming, as appears by his Letters, not yet returned their Briefs. r . tft, O. S.> ,

Upon the Matter of the Petition the Committee came nd in his Let er o he , n. S.$ JMnt»

to the following Resolution; viz. he informs Mr. Secretary Boylet that there were a great

Resolved, That the Petitioners have fully proved the many Papists amongst those then in Holland, whom, not-Allcgations of their Petition, and had just Reason to withstanding, he sent to England, though some time complain. _ after they were sent back again, and Ten Shillings per

That, upon the Instruction given to the Committee, Head given them by Mr. Dayrolle, at their Arrival in they have endeavoured, as far as they could, to find Holland.

out, upon what Encouragement the Palatines came In June, 1709, the Number of Palatines, arrived in into England; and, England, was upwards of io, ooood (as appears by Mr. Upon the Examination of several of them, what were Dupre's Lift, who was employed by the Commissioners the Motives, which induced them to leave their native here to pay them their Subsistence) which cauled great Country, it appeared to the Committee, that there were Complaints; upon which Mr. Secretary sent Orders Books and Papers dispersed in the Palatinate, with the to Mr. Dayrolle, to hinder any more from being lent Queen’s Picture before the Books, and the Title Pages over, till thde, already come, should be provided for, and in Letters of Gold (which from thence the)- called the settled j left, by their coming lo fall, and in such great Golden Book) to encourage them to come to England, Bodies, it should grow impracticable to bear the Burthen in order to be sent to Carolina, or other her Majesty’s of so many Poor together, and to disperse them, with Plantations, to be settled there: The Book is chiefly a due Care for their future Maintenance, in the several Commendation of that Country. Places, to which they might be allotted, so that the Suc-

What further encouraged them to leave their native eels of the whole Matter might happen thereby to be Country was, the Ravages, the Freneh had made, and disappointed; and accordingly

the Damages, the hard Frost had done to their Vines: «4 June, 1709, *61. act Advertisement was published.

And accordingly one Jojlouade Cockerjliall, a Lutheran signifying, that no more of them should be transported Minister, with some other Palatines, to the Number of for England.

61 Persons, applied to Mr. Da- notwithstanding this Prohibition, great Number* sO^Februar venant, Frankfort, for Palfes; continued to arrive here, Mr. Dayrolle having afterwards K* -1. ruary‘ *7° ’ but he refused them Pafles, Mo- sent near 3,0001 and others were embarked, and pro-

neys, and Recommendations, for vided with Necessaries by Collections from the People of fear of disgusting the Elector Palatine; and desires to Rotterdam, the Magistrates of that Town not fuftering know her Majesty’s Pleasure therein, how to behave him- them to come into it; by which means they were re-r fell: On which Mr. Boyle signi- duced to great Misery.

O. s?1708*’nuMy’fics her Majesty’s Commands, Palatines still continued to come till the Middle of that though the Desire of those 1709, although the Orders to Mr. Dayrolle (to

poor People to settle in the Plantations is very acceptable, hinder their coming) were often repeated; and the States and would be for the publick Good, yet (lie can by no General had been applied to, to fend Instructions to their means consent to Mr. Davenant's giving, in any publick Ministers in Germany, to hinder the coming of any more Way, Encouragement, either by Money, or PafTes, to of the Elector Palatine's Subjects in this manner, who the EleCbor Palatine's Subjects to leave their Country, was highly offended at their Desertion. without his Con lent. Upon which Mr. Dayrolle informs Mr. Secretary Boyle,

Neverthdels, the above-named Lutheran Minister, and that tliele People were encouraged to come by somebody 41 Persons, came into England in England-, and that, since the Prohibition, aGentleman, , in the Year 1708; and a Petition from them was prefen ted to her Majesty, praying to

aotfc Avgujl, 1709.

with a Servant, that came over in thcPacket-boar, had gone amongst >3 Septrmbrr, 1709, o. the paiatines at the Brill, and

' *4i‘ distributed Money, and printed

Tickets, to encourage them to come over; and many

be taken under her Protection, and settled in the Plan-. . v. tations; which Petition was, by

her Majesty’s Command, re-

ferred to the Commissioners of Trade, to find out a fit of these Tickets were sent to their Friends in Germany, to Place to settle them, and how to transport them: The persuade them to do the like: Mr. Dayrolle could never . Comm i IB oners of Trade certify, discover, who this Gentleman was, though he fays, he

2 they are too poor to subsist with- endeavoured it dl he could; and die Committee could

out her Majesty’s Bounty: Which was, by Order of the come to no certain Knowlege therein; but find by Two Queen, and Council, referred to the Lord High Trea- Letters, that Mr. Henry Torne, a Quaker at Rotterdam, lurer: Those People were subsisted, and sent to New who in all this Matter acted under Mr. Dayrolle') forced Jerk, with the Lord Lovelace, as her Majesty’s Expence, a great many to embark for England, after they had The next Year the Act for naturalizing foreign Pro- provided themselves a Passage to go back to their own festants, being part, great Number of Palatines, and some Country; which the Palatines owned, upon their Arrival from other Parts of Germany, came into Holland, and from here, was the only Reason, that induced them to come, thence to England, at several times, being, upon their The Number of Palatines being vety great, and few first Arrival in Holland, subsisted by the Charity of Rot- or none disposed of so, as to gain a Settlement; a Com-terdam, but afterwards at the Queen’s Expence; and million under the Great Seal was given to divers Lords, Vol. 1C. 7 M and

Palatinu.

Palatines.

5 98

14° Aprilis.

A.

and others, to distribute her Majesty’s Bounty, and alto the Charities collected, to them, and to use their Endeavours to settle them here: It was also earnestly recommended to the Commissioners of Trade by my Lord Sunderland, to consider, in what Part of England a Settlement could be bed obtained for them; and his Lordship urged, that the Queen was 3 aJ> 1709- convinced of the Benefit it would

be to her Kingdoms, if a Method could be found to settle them here (so as they might get a confortable Livelihood) instead of fending them to the

In order to this, the Lords Commissioners of Trade consulted the then Attorney and Solicitor General to these Two Quares:

id. Whether her Majesty has a Trudtf 3°’ 1709’ Bight and Power by Law to

grant Lands in her Forests and Wastes to any of her Subjects, with Licence to build Cottages, and indole the said Lands, in order to convert the same into Tillage,

2d, What Security her Majesty may give, to indemnify the Parishes from the Settlement of poor Fami-

by the honourable Spencer Compton, Esquire, for subsisting and transporting several Palatines to New Torke,.

1708....

It appears by an Account from the Transport Office, that they have paid for bringing over Palatines in the Richard, and Joseph, and Transport Ships -

It appears by an Account from Mr. 'Taylor, Clerk of the Treasury, that there has been paid by Bills, drawn on the honourable Spencer Compton, E (q u ire, by Mr. James Dayrolle, at the , who had Directions to take care of t heir Transportation to England

It appears, that there has been paid by the aforesaid Mr. Compton, for the Subfillence of Palatines here, and fending several to Ireland, and New Yorke with Colonel Hunter It appears, there has been paid out

1711.

£ s.d.

346 — —

256

5>943

45>9°4 16 10

lies amongst them, who shall be admitted to dwell of the CollectionsarifingperBriefs, from

in the said Cottages.

To the First. of these they answer, her Majesty has a Right and Power to grant such Wastes for 31 Years, or Tiiree Lives, or Terms of Years, determinable upon One, Two, or Three, Lives, with Licence to build, and inclose, provided Four Acres at leaftbe laid to each Cot-

the Chamber of London, by Order of the Commissioners for the Palatines - 19,838 11 1

It appears, there has been paid, or diretfted to be paid, for the Use of the Palatines, or Services relating to them, by the Treasurer of the Navy, by way

tage, and a Third Part of the yearly Value of the Land of Imprefts, at Two several Payments,

8,000 —

30,000 -

referred for a Rent upon each Lease.

To the Second (which makes the same of the Petitioners the harder) they answered, that no Security is required by Law to be given, to une 1 , 1709. indemnify any Parish from the Settlement of any poor Family of Foreigners, who never had any Settlement in England before; for there is no way of obliging any poor Family, that comes to settle in a Parish, to give Security, but by removing them, by a Warrant from the Justices of Peace, to the Parish, where

they were last legally settled, in case they refuse to give rant, dated 17th, 1709, before-

it; which being a Remedy, no Parish can make use of mentioned - - - _ - 15,000 —

the same of Foreigners, upon their first Arrival

being Part of £. 10,000 given by Parliament, for railing Naval Stores in her Majesty’s Plantations - -

Colonel Hunter has demanded, as absolutely necessary to complete the Settlement of the Palatines at Yorke Of which he has already drawn Bills for ,£.4,700. 17 s.nd.

Appropriated out of her Majesty’s Revenues in Ireland, by her first War-

in the t-ate or foreigners, upon their tint Arrival in England they are at Liberty to settle where they please; and it can’t be expected, her Majesty should give Security, to indemnify any Parish upon this Account.

Great Endeavours were uled here to dil'perse and settle the Palatines in several Towns in England. My Lord Sunderland wrote a pressing Letter to the Mayor of Canterbury, to receive some of them into that City, which, upon communicating the Letter to the rest of the Magistrates, they refused to do, because of the Burthen of their own Poor, they already laboured under.

Several Proposals were likewise made by private Per-fpns to receive some, and many were received, the Commissioners allowing 5 per Head, and travelling Charges,

with them; but in a very short time most of them returned, and were afterwards otherways disposed of.

Captain Ekins propol'cd to take off 600, and settle them in Scilly; who were accordingly embarked in the River in Two Transports, by Order from my Lord Sunderland, and Provisions put on board for them from the Victualing Office; but, after they had lain Two Months on board, the Ships were, by Order from

Appropriated out of the same Revenues, by her Majesty’s Second Warrant before-mentioned, dated the 25th of November, 1709

9,000 -

So that the whole Charge occasioned by the Palatines, amounts to - 135,775 18 - —

21 September, 26 Oft. 1709.

Transport Office Papers. 30 December, 1709.

And the Resolution of the Committee upon the said Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Olaves in Southwark, in the County of together with the principal Inhabitants

of the adjacent Parishes, was referred, who were to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Great Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition, and had just Reason to complain.

Resolved, That the inviting, and bringing over, into this Kingdom the poor of all Religions, at the

publick Expence, was an extravagant and unreasonable my Lord Sunderland, discharged, Charge to the Kingdom, and a scandalous Misapplication again set on {bore, and the Charges of the publick Money, tending to the Encrease and Op-

s. d. pression of the Poor of this Kingdom, and of dangerous 18 5 Consequence to the Constitution in Church and State.

Resolved, That whosoever advised the bringing over the poor Palatines into this Kingdom, was an Enemy to — the Queen, and this Kingdom.

----- Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the said

1,487 18 11$ Report be adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

and the Palatines loft; viz.

The Freight of Two Ships -Victuals put on board the said Ships per Order Irom the Commissioners of the Victualing -

821

666

Total of that Expedition -. It appears, that there has been paid to Mr. Popple, Secretary to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itfcif into a Committee of the whole House,

upon

Trade to

America.

IO Ann. 14° — 16° Aprilis. 599

upon the Bill to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Sixth of the said Lands, and Tythes, by the said Yeir of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the glefton, was read a Second time.

Encouragement of the Trade to America.That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert

Sir Gilbert , Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Mr.

Bribery at Oidered, That the ingrafted Bill for the better pre-

Llectum*. venting Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, be read a Third time upon Monday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock,

Naval Stores Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the fn.iu Scot- whole House, to whom the Bill fir encouraging the Ud* Tran I portat ion of naval Stores trotn any Part of North

Britain, was committed, be received upon M orning next*

Coal Trade. Order:,/. That Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Mr.

Scobell, Mr. Earl, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to dill'olve the present, and prevent the future, Combination of Coal-owner*, Lightermen, Mailers of Siiips, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and f >r the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade, was committed.

LordfdWs Ordered, That Mr. Hen. Bertie, Mr Bertie, be kitate. added to the Committe-, to whom the B ll for enabling

Cha-lesLvd Viscount Cullen to fell the Manor and Advowi'.v. i,f the ('lurch of in the County of

Leicester, fur the Payment of lus Debts, was committed.

And then the ILufc adjourned till Monday M jrrvng nexr, Nine a Clock.

Lunev 16° die A prills;

Anno.io* Annx R«.ginar, 17H.

Prayers.

GHVenor* ^TR« $ hack.Hey reported from the Committee, to

Eiute. -IV X whom the ingulfr ! B.ll from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable d rupees to perform the M irriage Articles rf Sir Richard (I, re'nBaronet, and Dame

Jhi, \V ;fl\ notwi;!i:.x'.< the Lunacy of Dame / Liry Gt'fi'd'.cr, and t!,c lnf.mcy of Ivt younger Children. r.rd for fjttlinjthe h fiate in the Family, and making huihhn.T L-cx:^ ns cffltfual.'y as if the said Dame A7j; v was of lound Mind, and her Children of full Age, and all In 1 joined in ievving Fines, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Quest.on fcvc-rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 5. L, 37. Leave out the Word "April" and in-steal I thereof irjlert*" May."

l*r. 6. L. 40. After " Leases add " as great yearly Rent or Rents, as are n >w reserved or payable for the fame, where such can be had, or else."

Pr. 7. L. 2. Leave out fr ni the Word " granted" to the Word "and"’in Line the 5th.

; L. 35. Leave out the Word "April" and in-

Head thereof inlert " May."

Pr. 8. L. 16. After the Word " One" add " of."

Wii'lleftou". An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act lautc* for the Sale of certain Lands and Tythes, in the Manor of Tenge, in the County of late the Estate of

li'Hit am Muegleston, deceased, and the Distribution of the Money thereby arising, pursuant to a Settlement made Vol. Id.

Durtcomb, Sir Richard Leving, the Earl of Thomond, Mr.

Goulston, Sir The. Powys, Mr. Pytt, Mr. , Colonel

Berkley, Mr. Enfeild, Mr. ChwcMr. Mr.

Cook, Mr. Lo\d, Mr. Robartes, Colonel Grahme, Mr.

Cholmondlv, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Prise, Sir Robert

Mr. Lockhart, Mr. S hacker ley, Mr. , Mr. Bur Hern,

Mr. Pringle, Mr. Coates, Mr. , Mr. Medhcot,

Lord Compton, Mr. Freman, Mr. Gape, Sir IVm. Gifford, Mr. Child-, and all the Gentlemen, that i'erve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, Drby, Surry, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Lord Scotch

Ker, and Brigadier John Stewart, C done; Dou- Equivalent.

g/ai. Majors, George Skeen, and Bo d, Captain

Thomas Gordon, and James Campbell, of Lon ion. Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and others, Creditors of the Equivalent, was presented to the House, and read;

(efting forth, that by the 15th Article of the Treaty of Union betwixt England and Scotland it is agreed, that all the publick Debts of the Kingdom of Sc Aland, as shall be adjulled by that present Parliament, shall be pa d: That . according to an Act, made the lad Srffion of ti e Lift Parliament of Scc'land, concerning the publick Debts, and an Act, made by the Parliament of Great Britain in the 6th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money, many of thele publick Debts have been adjusted, and Debentures have been ifiucd out to the respective Creditors, for the Sum o a 149,193. 7J. 6 d.with Interest at£. 5 per Cent, from the 24th of June, 1708: That the Petitioners l ave not yet been able to obtain Payment either the Principal Money, or Interest, due to them, nor any dated Account of the pad or growing Equivalent: And pray, that the Petitioners Calc may be taken into Confederation.

Ordered, That the Petition be rcfeired to the Confide-fation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Seaton, Esquire, in the Name of the Commissioners for the Equivalent, is referred.

Mr. Comers presented to the House (according to supply Bill; Order) a Bill for hying certain Duties upon Hides and Duteson Skim, tanned, tawed, ordressed, and upon Vcllom, a. d bides. Parchment, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty’smost necessa-ry Occasions; and the same was received.

The Orders of the Day being read j

An ingrafted Bill for the better preventing Bribery Bribery at and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections Elections, of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go with the Mace into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of this House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker having opened the Bill;

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, for making the Act temporary.

And the same was twice read with Blanks; which were filled up; and the Clause was amended.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That no Action, Information, or Indictment, touching Elections, should be brought, till the Matter of the Elections should be determined by the House of Commons.

And the same was twice read.

And

General Port Office.

Wajs and Means.

Committees.

Roth's Pur-ohui'e of Irish forfeituies.

Pornter’s

Kffate.

Coal Trade.

6ob

169 — 170 Aprilis. A. 1711.

And the Question being put. That the Ryder be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrotted Clause wds offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, for adjourning the Roll for the County of Kent from Maidjloneto Cajl!ey near Can-

terbury. at the Desire of any one Candidate.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 2. To leave out " of the County of and insert " of the County of Pr. 6. L. 9. Leave out you," and insert " me."

L. 10. The same Amendment; and after " give" to leave out "your" and insert "my;" and after " that" to leave out " you," and insert " I."

Pr. ii. L. 27. To leave out 25th," and insert rt Firstand to leave out " March," and insert " ."

And the same were, tipon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was Amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the Bill; Aejblvtd, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Twelve a Clock.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider farther of the Bill for establishing a general Poll Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions, And for fectlipg a weekly Payment out of the Revenues thereof, to raise a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year 1711.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chais.

Mr. Conyeri reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Ordered That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

and Manufactures, Of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 17* die Aprilis;

Anno 10* Anna: Reginas, 1711.

Pr* ms.

AN ingrafted Bill to enable her Majesty to grant the Granting Site of the Castle of Exon (Parcel of her Duchy $‘te of of Cornwall) for Ninety-nine Years, for the Use and Benefit of the County of Devon, was read the Third time.

Ati Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. 3. L. y8. After " Fee Ample" to insert " with full Power to make such Grant."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to enable her Majesty to grant the Site of the Castle of Exon (Parcel of her Duchy of for

Ninety-nine Years, for the Use and Benefit of the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Robert and

Mr. Rogers:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act a(T« for making more effectual an Act, of the Forty-third vfBiiUt Year of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act concerning the Assize of Fewel) fb far as it relates to the Assize of Billet, without any Amendment:

Also the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act ^1*^ for the establishing a Purchase of certain Fee-farm Lands *"* and Hereditaments in the Kingdom of made by

Sir Alexander Cairnts. Baronet, of his Grace James Duke of Ormond, in pursuance of a Power given him by an Act of Parliament, passed in this Kingdom in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, notwithstanding an Act passed in Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, or a Deed, dated the Five-and-twentieth of April, 171b, therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Lord Castle Comer, Mr. England, Mr. A Petition of Stephen , only Son of Stephen Jermyn’* Medlicot, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Lee, Mr. Oglethorf, General Jermyn, of London, Merchant, was presented to the Divorce.

Ecclin, Dr. Olipbant, Sir Tho. Travell, Mr. Currance, Ser- House, and read; letting forth, that a Bill having passed jeant Richardson, Mr. Ward, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. the House of Lords, for dissolving the Marriage of the Gwyn, Lord Barrymore, be added to the Committee, to Petitioner with Sarah Bell, and to enable the Petitioner whom the Bill for the Relief of Abraham Roth, of the to marry again; and, upon reading the said Bill a Second Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase time, the same was committed to the Consideration of a of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, is committed. Committee of the whole House, that the Petitioner may

be the better able to make out the Allegations of the Ordered, That Mr. Hordes, Mr. Mitt on, Mr. Medly- said Bill, and the Circumstances of his unfortunate Cafe, cott, Mr. Wicks, Mr. Bertie, and all, that serve for the to the said Committee: And praying, that he may have County of Bucks, be added to the Committee, to whom Leave to be heard by his CounTel before the Committee, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for to whom the said Bill Hands committed, veiling several Messuages or Tenements in Bride-lane, Ordered, That the Petitioner be at Liberty to be heard and elsewhere, in the Parish of St. Brides, London, of by his Counsel before the said Committee, according to John Poynter, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, in lieu the Prayer of his Petition, and Satisfaction of other Manors, Messuages, Lands,

and Tenements, of a greater Value, settled by the said Sir Robert Dovers reportVd from the Committee, to Roth’? Pm-

John Poynter to such Uses, and upon such Trulls, as whom the Bill for the Relief of Abraham Roth, of the

the said Houses in Condon are settled, is committed. Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase or ei <ru-

of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was committed.

Ordered, That Sir Patrick Johnson, Mr. Lechmere, that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Mr. Lozvther, Mr. Page, Mr. Lavffon, be added to the and found the same to be true; and had made forte Committee, to whom the Bill to dissolve the present, Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him and prevent the future. Combination of Coal-owners, to report to the House: And he read the same in his Lightermen, Mailers ot Ships, and others, to advance Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s the Price of Coals, m Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, Table; where they were once read throughout, and

then

LII

ioAnn. i*]* Aprilis: 6oi

then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Pavn’t Debt A Periiion of Robert Payn was prefen ted to the House, to the Crown. and read; lotting forth, that Thomas lenior, and

Thome* (.'nub, junior, upon their own Credits, were intruded with the returning considerable Sums of Money to the Commissioners of Excite in London, for several Years, and on the Kirft of 1706, the said Crabb,'

"1 junior, enured into Articles with Major General Crosby

‘ Collector of Kxcile in Wales, to return the Money,

in that Collection; at which time both the I did executed a Bond to her Majesty, in the Penalty of /. 5.000 con iitior.cd for the tiue Performance of the said Articles the Peii:ioner was prevailed upon to execute the said Bond; whereas ti e laid Crabbs was indebted to the Crown in the Sum of£.2,799. 6j. that both the said

1 Cr,.bbs became Bankrupts, and the Petitioner was sued

| upon the said Bond, and Judgment and Extent against

him: And praying the Consideration and Compassionof this honourable House, and that they will be pleased to permit a Bill to be brought in, to ini power the Right honourable the Lords Commi.honors ol her Majesty’s Treasury to make a Composition with the Petitioner for the Remainder of the said Debt.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame,

with their Opinion thereupon, to the* House.

Rcjdve.l, T* at this House will, upon this Day Seven -night, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

~ Exp uinjj Mr. Me dyed t reported from the Committee, to whom Law$. jt was referre'd to examine, w hat Laws are expired, and expiring, and what are fit to be revived, and continued; that they had considered the same accordingly, and had come to several Resolutior.s, which they lud diretfted him to rep irt to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read; and arc as follow, viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in an Act, made in the Fourth and Fifth-Years of the Reign of the late King William and Queen (intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and explaining. several Laws therein mentioned, which arc expired, and near expiring) there are several good Clauses, and Provisions, relating to the returning of Jurors, which Clauses, and Provisions, were, by the said Act, to continue in Force for three Years after the First of May, 1693, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which said Clauses, and Provisions, were by an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the said late King William the Third (intituled, An Act for the Ease of Jurors, and better regulating of Juries) was continued for Seven Years, from the First of May, 1696, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which Ad was by an Act, made in the First Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, continued for Seven Years, from the Expiration thereof, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, which will expire at the End of this Session of Parliament; is fit to be continued.

Refobved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Ad, made in the iad and 23d Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act to prevent the planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade) which by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second, was continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which by an Act, made in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, was continued for the Space of Seven Years, from the Thirteenth Day of February, 1692, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of the

laid King William the Third, was continued for the Space- of Seven Years, from the 29th of September, 1700, and’ from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; being expired, is fit to be revived.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,1 That the Clause herein after mentioned, in the Ad, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the better preventing Mischiefs,1 that may happen by Fire) viz. " And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action,

" Suit, or Process, whatsoever, shall be had, maintained,

" or prosecuted, against any Person in whose House, or.

" Chamber, any Fire shall, from and after the said First: " Day of May, accidentally begin, or any Recompence " be made by such Person for any Damage, suffered or " occasioned thereby; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to " the contrary notwithstanding: And if any Action shall " be brought for any thing done in Pursuance of this " Ad, the Defendant may plead the general Issue, and " give this Act in Evidence; and, in case the Plaintiff.

" become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action or Suit, or " if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendant shall " recover treble Cost;" which Clause, being made temporary, will expire at the End of this Session of Parliament; be continued.

The laid Kcsolutions, being severally read a Second' time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said.

Resolutions; and that Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Cross, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Regulating of the Acts of Parliament, relating to the Brokers of the , Brokers. City of London, and under what tarther Regulations it, may be proper to put them;

And it is referred to Sir Robert Davers, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Geo. Nezvland, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sir

Robert Eden, Mr. Shackerley, Colonel Cajs, Mr.

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Wm. , Sir Wm.

Whitlocke, Mr. CroJJe, Sir Tho. Powis, Mr. Gould, Mr.

Rudge, Mr. Hungerjord, Mr. Jefferys, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Freman, Mr. Pytt, Colonel Drake, Mr. Lutwich, Mr.

Carter, Sir Edward Turner: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for standard altering the Standard of Plate; and that Mr. Auditor of Plate. Harley, Mr. Scobell, and Mr. Lownds, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Mine the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of the Com- Adventure pany of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a Method for Company, settling the Differences between the Company, and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual ‘ working the Mines of the said Company, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

A Petition of the Merchants Adventurers, and the African Inhabitants, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, of Company, the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, was j presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, since settling the Trade to the Coast of Africa, great-Quantities of Woollen and other Manufactures of Great Britain have been exported to Africa: That, should the Trade to Africa be settled on the Royal African Company, exclusive of all others, it will very much lessen the Ex-" portation, and lower the Price, of our Manufactures, as also the Plantations ill supplied with Negroes, and at great Prices: And praying, that the Trade to Africa may not be settled on an exclusive Company.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition, of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African 7 N Company,

1

6(31,

i7° — 18" Aprilis. 17x1,

Comply, and others* Subfcr-ibers for the Support and carrying an that Trade* is referred.

Exporting A Petition of the Tanners within the Corporation of Bark. Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, and Towns adjacent, for and in behalf of themselves, and many others of the same Trade in the said County, in the North Part of Latte^kire, and in the County of was pre-

lected to the House, and read} setting forth, that the Exportation of Oak-bark from this Neighbourhood is very prejudicial to the Tanners Trade in these northern Counties: That, unless fomefpecdy and effectual Method he taken, to put a Stop thereunto, the Petitioners will not be able much longer to carry on their said Trades, whereby the Duties* intended to be laid on Leather* will be considerably impaired: That, within the Space of Seven Years last pall, there, bath been exported to ', from these Counties, above the Quantity of Sixty thousand Quarters of Qak-bark, and if continued, there will be none left in a short Time in the Country, to carry on the Tanners Trade: And praying, that this House will take the same into Consideration, and, by totally prohibiting the Exportation of Bark* or laying a Duty thereupon, relieve the Petitioners, and the Publick, from what the Petitioners apprehend will in a few Years be the Consequence of such Exportation.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Tabic,

Leave of Ordered* That Sir Henry. Houghton have Leave to go

Absence. into the Country for six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occafians.

Supply Bill; A Bill for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, Dutiee on tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellom, and Parch-

Hute* ment, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, for prose-

cuting the War, and other her Majesty’s most necessary Occasions, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bribery at The House resumed the adjourned Debate, upon the

Election*, ingrossed Bill for the better preventing Bribery and Corruption, and other undue Practices, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, JJ£ Pp/’. j 98.

Tellers for the Noes.*

So it passed in the Negative.

ResumpUon The Order of the Day was read, for making choice of

of Grant*. Commissioners, for examining the Value of Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown since the 13th Day of February, 1688, and upon what Considerations such Grants were made, in order to resume the fame, and apply them to the Use of the Publick.

And the Clerk, and Clerk-aihstant, went on each Side the House with Glasses, to receive from the Members the Lists of Persons Names, to be Commissioners: And being received; the same were brought up to the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the Lifts; and that they do report to the House, upon which Seven Persons the Majority falls;

And it is referred to Sir Mr.

Mr. Biljon, Mr. Frcmau, Mr. Sharp, Mr. Duncomb, Mr.

Berkley, Mr. Prise, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Edgcomb, Lord Cafi , Mr. Monckton, Lord How» Mr. Wright/on, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Robin/on, Mr. Foley, Mr. Carnegie, Mr. Walpole, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Loyd, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Treby, Mr. Rakes, Sir St. Quintin: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber, to examine the fame.

PrefemtioB The House proceeded to take into Confederation the

of Gap*.

Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Act of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) and for making the same more effectual, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to restrain Persons killing Game, but in their own Freeholds, and Possefllons, without Leave of the Owner of the Ground.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time.

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, against killing of Water Fowl in Moulting time.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Imprest whom it was referred to esquire, how far the several Accomptants, Imprest Accomptants have passed their respective Accounts, and to consider of Methods for the more effectual and speedy compelling the said Accomptants to pass their Accounts, and to obviate all Irregularities, and unnecessary Delays, in the fame, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

Resolved, that this House will, upon this Day Fort- Trade ta night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, America, upon the Bill to repeal Part of an Act made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mer cur tty 18* die Apr His;

Anno iq° Annas Regins, 171 j.

Prayers.

COLONEL Lee reported from the Committee, to Hardrefse* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, E^1*-An Act to enable John HardreJ/e, Esquire, and Ann, his Wife, tp fell certain Lands in the County of Kent, and for settling of others to the Uses therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned, had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from th? Lords, intituled, An Act pjenden-, for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of William Etiate. Henden, Esquire, in the County of Kent, for Payroeqt of his Debts, and for settling other Lands in the same County, of a better Value, to the same Uses^ in, lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Campion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Elias Pear/e, Merchant, on behalf of Enfranchis-John Williams, a free Negro Man of the Island of Ja- inn William, mate a, and of John and Francis, Sons of the said John Ne8ro» Williams, residing here in London, by the said Elias Pear/e, their next Friend, was presented to the House,

and

io Ann. i — 190

and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner,

Hants, obtained his Freedom; and that by an Act of the said liland, made Anno 1707, Provision is made, that Slaves should not, after that time, be allowed as Evidence gainst the Petitioner, John William That the Petitioner is legally married to a Black Woman (who is also a Christian) and has several Children by her, and particularly the Petitioners, John and Frone of which is put

forth an Apprentice, and the other Bred a Scholar, in this Kingdom, and are both baptized, and educated in the Church of England, and have been naturalized here; but they, as Blacks, are nor, by the Laws of the said Istand of Jamaica, qualified to be Evidence in civil Cafes; which

may be a great Prejudice both to themselves, and their Employers: And praying, that Leave be given for bringing in a Bill, that the Petitioner, John , and his

Wife and Children (being baptiaed, and bred up in the Religion of the Church of England) may be admitted as Witnesses in civil Cafes; and that no Slaves may be Evidences against them; and that on all Occasions in the said liland, and in other her Majesty's Dominions, they may be tried by a Jury of Twelve Men, according to the Laws and Custotns of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bulled and Sir Gilbert Dotben do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

57-

Tellen for the Noe, I

So it was resolved in the Affirmative*

The Clause was read a Second time accordingly.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question bcipg put, That the Debate be adjourned j The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tc,?nf.rU«Yc}

Tellm for the No«,| MustkkSu!' , }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Refohtd, That the Debate be adjourned tijl Tomorrow. One a Clock.

61.

49*

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the ?®vaI StorW whole House, to whom the Bill for the encouraging the Transportation of Naval Stores from any Part of North Britain, was committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *"* Me"* House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raiding the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Gene ml Mr . Conyers(according to Order) reported from the Fo&utiice. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing a General Port Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions, and for settling a weekly Payment out of the Revenues thereof, to raile a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year 1711, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Ques-tio 1 severally put thereupon (with Amendments made to Ibme of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for applying the Surplus of the new Duties, above the 700 per Yveek, to the Use of the Publick.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks j which were filled upj and the Clause was amended.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Clause, so amended, be made Part of the Bill {

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

Ordered, That Mr. Dibble, Mr. Carter, Sir Wm, Phip- VfHgg|cftV« pard, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Heysham, Mr. Berttey, Mr* fw* Hutchinson, Mr. Serjeant Richardson, Mr. Mead, Mf. Robm/en, Mr. Guidott, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Lands, and Tythes, in the Manor of Tenge, in the County of late the

Estate of William Mugglefton, deceased, and the Distribution of the Money thereby arising, pursuant to a Settlement, made of the said Lands, and Tythes, by the said William Mugglejlen, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovisy 190 die Aprish \ Anno io* Anns Regins, 1711. Prayers.

Ten^foMhcYca,^". I *.

Tc'te for (he} 88.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, against taking, in Poll Towns, more than the Duties charged upon the Letters.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which Were filled up; and the Clause was amended.

And a Motion being made, and the Question put, That the Clause, so amended, be made Part of the Bill; It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the present Managers of the Duties shall be conti- nued, as under the former Act, till her Majesty shall otherwise appoint.

And the same was once read.

Then the Act of 6* Wtllielmi Id M. C. 7. S. 58.

was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth: Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Shacktrley, Mr. Frankland:

Vol. 16.

ABIL L for the better Preservation and Improvf- Thame* ment of the Fishery within the River of Thanks, Fi&ery. and for regulating and governing the Company of Filfr-ermen of the said River, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. land, Mr. Cross, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr.

Rettda, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Burslem, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Farrer, Sir Robert Eden,

Mr. LawIon, Mr. Gale, Sir Robert Mr. Hart,

Mr. Mead, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Og Mr. Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Newland, Sir Gilbert Elliott,

Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Bulteel, Sir Drake, Mr. Gott,

Sir John Mordaunt’, and all the Gentlemen that serve

for the Counties of Kent, Essex, Middlesex, and Surrey And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to make an Attempt on the Life of Attempt on Privy Counsellor to be Felony, without Benefit of the Life of 'lergy, was read the Third time. feilor^ °Un

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Titje >e, An Act to make an Attempt on the Life of a Privy 'ounfellor, in the Execution of his Office, to be Felpny,

'irhout Benefit of Clergy.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill 3 the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An

<Sc>4

9* Apri

A.

1711

Cairatk’

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act one by one, and, upon the Question severally put therefor theestablishing a Purchase of certain Fee-farms, Lands, upon, agreed unto by the House.

and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, made by A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for giving Sir Alexander Cairnes, Baronet, of his Grace James Duke Liberty for Horses in other Waggons, or Carts, in Com-of Ormond, in pursuance of a Power given him by an Act pany, to help up Hills, and in foul Places, of Parliament, passed in this Kingdom in the Twelfth Year And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question

of his late Majesty’s Reign, notwithstanding an Act, paired put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made

African

Company.

in Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, oraDeed, dated the Five-and-twentieth of 1710, therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the principal Merchants, and trading Inhabitants, of the Town of Plymouth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that since, the laying open the Trade to Africa, diversShips have been fitted out from this Port for that Coast, to the great Benefit of this Corporation, and Parts adjacent, employed in the Woollen Manufacture; and the Petitioners observing, the African Company are still endeavouring to obtain the said Trade, exclusive of all others; and should such a Grant be obtained, it may very much tend to the Prejudice of the Woollen Manufacture, and Discouragement of Navigation in general: And praying, that the African Trade may be free and open to all her Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on that Trade, is referred.

Mr. Goulston reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages, or Tenements, in and elsewhere, in the Parish of St. Bridget, alias St. Brides, London, of John Poynter, Esquire, in Tru flees, to be sold, in lieu and Satisfaction of other Manors, Meffu-ages,. Lands, and Tenements, of a greater Value, settled by the said John Poynter to such Uses, and upon such Trulls, as the said Houses in London are settled, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the said Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confcnts to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Eifranchif- Mr. Bulteel presented to the House (according to Or-in8Wl^iams* der) a Bill for enabling John fVUliams (a free Negro of the *6ro* Island of Jamaica) his Wife and Children, bred up in the Religion of the Church of England, and naturalized, to be Witnesses in civil Cafes, and that no Slaves may be Witnesses against them, and to provide, that they on all Occasions in the said llland, and in other her Majesty s Plantations, may be tried by a Jury, as other her Majesty’s Subjects are to be tried; and the same was received.

Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That ingossed.

the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Bill for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, Supply Bill; tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, for prosecuting c" the War, and other her Majesty’s most necessary Occasions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Tanners within the Corporation of Kendall, in the County of and Towns adjacent, for and in behalf of themselves, and many others of the same Trade in the said County, in the North Part of Lancashire, and in the County of Cumberland (which was ordered to lie upon the Table; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Poynter’s

Estate.

Assize of Bread.

Sir George Newland presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for explaining and amending the Act, made in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread; and the same was received.

Horses, See. used by Waggoners.

Mr. Chapman reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the seventh Year of his late Majesty (for amending the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the ingrossed. Wheel-horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with Six Horles, or other Bealls, except up Hills, was committed; that they had ipade several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty, that they do consider of giving an Encouragement for bringing in of Plate into the Mint, to be coined.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go with the Mace into and

Courts there, and into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Yesterday upon the Clause, offered to be added to the Bill, for establishing a General Poll Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions, and for settling a weekly Payment out of the Revenues thereof, to raise a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year 1711.

And the same was amended.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

it passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Act should not extend to common Seamen, hiring Horses.

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Officers of the Poll Office shall not intermeddle in the Election of Members to Parliament.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Supply.

Members

fununuued.

General

Post Office-

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Stephen the only Son

of Stephen Jermyn, of London, Merchant, with Sarah Bell, and to enable him to marry again;

Mr.

Jermyn 5 Divorce.

African

Company.

Call of the House.

Committee?.

Supply Bill;

rewviru 1 *1 taia Dutich.

t tif ranch i f-in^ Williams, a Negro.

Assize of Brand.

Lady

Littoidl

Eftatt.

i o Anm.

19* — to* Aprilis.

(505

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And a Difference arising in the Committee, who flioukl take the Chair thereof;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered \That Sir Robert do take the Chair of

the Committee.

Then the Hoofc resolved itfctf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, that there had heard the Counsel and Witnesses, on the Part of Mr. Jemyn, sod also the Counsel for the said Sarah,

im Wife; and chat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and directed him to report the same to the -House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved/Vhzt this House will, upon this Day Seveo-night, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconliderof the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the R-»y«l African Com-j*any, and orhcis, Subscribers for tire Support and carrying on that Trade.

Ordered, Tii.it the Ca'I of the ILufr be adjourned until this Day Sevcnnigl. c.

Ordered, That all Ci miniitces be revived.

Ordered, Tint all, t! at serve for North Britain, be added tithe Cotnn-iuce. to whom the Bill forestablishing a General Pod Office for ail her Malt Ilf’s Dominions, ai.d lor settling a weekly Pavm.nt out of the Revenues th-ieof, to railc a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year 171 1, is committed, to receive a Clause, to rectify a Millake in the Act of Parliament, passed tids Session, for revising, c mtinuing, and appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Warer-borne, and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for Thirty-two Years, to r.ulc One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1711, and for luppressing such unlawful Lotteries, and such Insurance Offices, as are therein mentioned, in relation to Coals, shipped for Exportation to Ireland, or the Hie of Man.

Sir John Balks, B&rotiet, a Luttttick, Was vefed the Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Ddbcn, Mr. Hickman, Mr. Cartwright, Colonel Lee, Mr.

Lowe her. Lord Win. Pawlttt, Mr. Kinstion, Mr. Seebed,

Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr. Campion,

Mr. Fbeman, Mr. Halford, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gett, Mr. Serjeant Webb, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Serjeant Bkkarjfen, Mr.

Per nan, Mr. Lea with, Mr. Bmlteel, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Rtb tlasrft, Mr. Croft, Mr. Wykes, Sir Wat. Whitie eke, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Powlet t, Mr. Cotton, Sir Jo. Mor Jaunt, Mr.

Mitten, Mr. Vernon, Sir Rickard Farrington, Mr. Cater,

Mr. Middleton; and all the Gentlemen, that serve for tire

Counties of Lincoln, Huntiagdan, Rutland, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, At Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Edward Heard, a Creditor of William Hubbald’s Hubbald, was presented to the House, and read; letting Debt to the forth, that the Petitioner being informed, that an in- Crown-grofled Bill lies before this honourable House, intituled,

An Act for the Sale of the Estates of William Hubbald, and of his Father, Edward Hubbald, in the County of Surrey, for the Satisfaction of the said William Hubbald’s Debt to the Crown, and to preserve the Surplus thereof for the Purposes therein mentioned: That if the said Bill do pass into a Law, as the same now Hands, it would greatly prejudice the Petitioner: And praying, he may be heard by his Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be at Liberty to be heard by his Counsel before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of his Petition.

A Petition of the Minister, Church-wardens, and other Kensington Inhabitants, of the Parish of Kensington, was presented to Church the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners SteeP,e> have been at the Expence of building the Parish Church twice within the Space of Eleven Years, of thereabouts, which coll the Parishioners very near £. 3,000. That finte the last finishing of the said Parish Church, the Steeple thereof is become very ruinous, and in great Danger of falling: And praying your Honours to consider the great Expence they have already been at, and to order them Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow M ruin/, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 200 die;

Anno 10° Ann.e Pugin®, 1711.

Praters.

AB1 L L f..i enabling Jnhn Williams (a free Negro of the Island < 4 Jamaica )his Wife and Children, bred up in the Religion of the Church of England, and naturalized, to be Witnesses in civil Calrs, and that no Slaves may be Witnesses against them, and to provide, that they on all Occasions in the said Island, and in other her Majesty's Plantations, may be tried by a Jury, as other her Majesty’s Subjects are to be tried, was read tire Frrft time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for explaining and amending the Act, made in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain, and make more effectual, aCl&ufe, relating to the Estate of Dame Rebecca Litton, deceased, in an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debt* of VOL. 16.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Abraham Roth, of Roth’s Pur-the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, in Relation to his Purchase of Irith chafe of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, was read Forfeitures-the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the Relief of Abraham Roth, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pooler’s for Sale of the Estate of Humphrey Pooler, in the Parish Estate of Hartlebury,\n the County of Wwas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pytts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners in her Ma- Debtors

jesty's Prifoh of Southgate, for the City of Exon, was pre- Petition,

fented to the House, and read; fettiflg forth, that there are many poor Persons, of both Sexes, confined for Debt to the said Prison, who, through Lodes, artd Badnefc of Trade, are reduced to so low and strait Circurhstances, that they are not able to pay the Debts owing to theft respective Creditors: And praying, that theft lamentable Condition may be taken into Confederation, and they speedHy rtkafed from their Confinement.

y O,

Horses, &c. used by Waggoners.

Standard of Plate.

Resumption of Grants — Choice of Commissioners.

ao° Aprilis. A. 1711.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty (for amending the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel-horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with Six Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. L. To insert " Fourth Day:"

Pr.* L. # To leave out " shall be and

Pr. last, L. ai. After " Road" to insert " by and with " the Consent of the Owner or Driver of such Cart, or

Waggon."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty (for amending the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel-horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with Six Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills.

Ordered, That Mr. Chapman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members, who are to prepare the Bill for altering the Standard of the Plate, that they do provide a Clause, to prevent the melting down the Coin of this Kingdom.

Mr. Edgcombe reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lists of Commissioners for examining into the Value of Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown since the 13th Day of February, 1688, and upon what Considerations such Grants were made, in order to resume the fame, and apply them to the Use of the Publick, and report to the House, upon which Seven the Majority fell: That they had examined the same accordingly; and that the Majority had fallen upon Sir Simeon Stuart, Baronet, Charles Eversfeild, Esquire, John Hind Cotton, Esquire, Jamas Bulteel, Esquire, John Houston, Esquire, Abraham Esquire, William Wrightson, Esquire, and George Mackenzie, Esquire;

and that he was directed by the Committee to report specially to the House, in what manner Mr. Wrightson and Mr. Mackenzie had an Equality of Votes: Which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as fol-

lows; viz.

Sir Simeon Stuart - - - 27 7

Charles Eversfeild, Esquire - - 270

John Hind Cotton, Esquire - - 212

James Bull eel, Esquire - - 167

John Houston, Esquire - - -157

Abraham Blackmore, Esquire - 155 Wm. Wrightson, Esquire - - 151

Geo. Mackenzie, Esquire - - 131

It happened, that upon one of the Lifts there was mentioned only Mackenzie; and a Question arising thereupon, whether it might not as well be understood to mean any other Mackenzie, there being others of that Name in the House; the Committee agreed to set a Qusere upon that Number, and ordered the Fast to be reported to the House; and that the House should be acquainted, that That Vote is included in the 151, that are now upon the Lift for Mr. Mackenzie.

Resolved, That, there being an Equality of Votes for William Wrightson, Esquire, and George Macken-

zie, Esquire, this House will ballot again for a Commissioner.

Ordered, That this House will ballot for a Commissioner Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, that he Messagefrom had a Message from her Majesty, signed by her Majesty: the Queen-And he presented the same to the ?House; which Mr. 8

Speaker read; and is as followeth; viz.

ANNE R.

HER Majesty is pleased to acquaint this House with the ill News she hath received of the Emperor’s Death:

And being sensible of the Consequence, this great Loss may be to the Allies, how disheartened some of them may be on the one hand, and how diligent France will be on the other, to improve every Accident to their own Advantage, her Majesty is desirous to let you know, that, immediately on the first News of the late Emperor's Sick-ness, she came to a Resolution to support the Interest of the House of Auftriain this Conjuncture, and to use her utmost Endeavours to get the King of Spain made Emperor, in which the States General have likewise concurred with her Majesty; and, since that, her Majesty hath taken the most proper means to engage all those (who have a Share in this Election, and are in the Interest of the common Cause) to join with her in bringing this great Work to a good Issue: And she hath an entire Confidence in the Affection and Duty of her Parliament, that, with their Assistance, under the Protection and Blessing of Almighty God, flic shall be enabled to make a happy Conclusion of this War, in a safe and honourable Peace.

The Season of the Year, and the Length of Time, that hath past since your meeting, will make you all wish, that you may be at Liberty to attend the publick, as well as your own private Affairs, throughout the Kingdom; and therefore her Majesty does recommend to you so to hasten your Consultations about all the publick Concerns, that her Majesty may put a speedy End to this Session.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, to return her Majesty the humble Thanks of this House for her Majesty’smost gracious Message; and to assure her Majesty, that this House is truly sensible of the great Loss, the Alliance has sustained by the Death of the Emperor, and of the early and wife Care, her Majesty has been pleased to take, to prevent the ill Consequences thereof, by resolving to flip-port the Interests of the House of Austria, and by endeavouring to get the King of Spainelected Emperor: And farther to assure her Majesty, that Ihe may safely place an entire Confidence in the Duty and Affection of this House, which cannot bediscouraged, by this Misfortune, from supporting her Majesty in all those Measures, (he, in her great Wisdom, shall judge proper, to bring this War to an happy Conclusion, by a safe and honourable Peace; and that this House will give all possible Dispatch to the publick Business depending before them, that foher Majesty may put a speedy End to this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, upon the said Resolution.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Hanmer, Mr. Freman,

Mr. Scobell. Sir Richard Hoare, Mr. Foley, Sir Peter King,

Mr. Hungerford, Lord Wm. PowletMr. Moor, Sir Wm.

Windham, Lord Cajllecomer, Lord Compton, Mr. Secretary St. John, Colonel Bierley, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Mr. Cross, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Cotton, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Farrer, Sir Ja. Mr.

Walpole: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber, and draw up the fame.

Ordered, That her Majesty’s Message be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to de- M«stage to fire, that they will continue Acting some time longer. Lords, tocou-

Ordered, That Sir Simeon Stuart do carry the said Mef- «">« sage to the Lords.

Resolved,

lord!

I for

M

Acdr

Hen

io Ann.

20* Aprilis.

607

Way* and Means.

Resolved, That this House will, upon every Monday, be signified to them: And their Lordships desire this

fVednefdau Thursday, and Friday, proceed upon the Sup* House to continue fitting for fotne time longer, that their

rrcancjaoy, j j, ✓» r rmay acquaint this House, when her Majesty

will please to be attended.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the whole House do attend her Majesty

ww — --- y y

ply granted to her Majesty.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into

Lorrls Con-cui r^ncc.

a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progress; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

with the said Address.

Resolved, That this House will continue fitting fotne time longer, as desired by the Lords.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grosveaor’ - - ‘ Estate.

Lords Answer to

Mefluge.

Addrrfs on

Queen’s

Mcliage.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Moming to enable Trustees to perform the Marriage Articles of Sir next, relblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, Richard , Baronet, and Dame Jane, his Wife,

to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the notwithstanding the Lunacy of Dame Mary,

Supply granted to her Majesty. and the Infancy of her younger Children, and for settling

Sir Sim'.h Stuart reported. th* he had (according to in the Family, and making building Lease, a.

Order) been at the Urds, aid delivered the Messag? to '*"")' " fi,d Tu A 3

them, and that they had answered, that they will con- M,nd- a"d>r Ch'idr'n of fulLASc’ a.nd had Jolned

tinue fitting some time longer, as the Commons do desire.

Sb Thomas Hanmer reported from the Committee, to

in levying Fines, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. S hackerly do carry the Bill to the

whom it was referred to draw up an Addref>, to be pre- Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed lented to her Majesty; that they had drawn up an Act- to the fame, with feme Amendments; to which they drels accordingly, which they had directed him to report desire their Lordships Concurrence.

to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s fable; where the same was tw.ee read; and (with an Amendment) agreed unto by the House; and is as fuiluwcthj

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the

Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament asse.r.bled, beg lxave to return your Majesty ourmost humble Thanks hr your M.nelly’s most gracious Mcftage. We are truly lenlible of the great Loss, the Alliance has luftaned in the Dcith of the Emperor, and do with all Duiy acknowledge the early and wile Care, your Majesty has been pleated to take, to prevent the ill Consequences thereof, by resolving to support the Interests of the H oulc ot Aujiria, and endeavouring to promote the Electron of the King of is p to the Empire.

Your Majesty may fafeiy place an entire Confidence in our Duty arid Affection, and may rest assured, that we cannot be discouraged, by this or any other Misfortune, from supporting your Majesty in all the Measures, which your Majesty, in your great Wisdom, shall judge proper, to bring the War to a happy Conclusion, by a lafe and honourable Peace.

And being tmlv convinced, how necessary it is to give ail p<'ftib! Dilp.uch to the publick Business, we will use our utmost Diligence in every Part of it, depending before us, that your Majesty m y have the Satisfaction of putting a speedy End to this beflaon.

Resolved, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the said Address.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hanmer do carry the said Address to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Thomas Hanmer reported, that he had (according to Order) carried the Address to the Lords, and desired their Concurrence thereunto; and left the same with their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pitt and Mr. Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Address to her Majesty,

Jones's E flats.

Robiufon's Eft ate.

A Meffige from the Lords, by Mr. Pitt and Mr.

Dormer:

Mr. Speaker,

Her Majesty has appointed to be attended with the points'to*b* Address ot both Houses this Evening, at Seven a Clock, attended, at her Palace of St. James's; and their Lordships intend to be there at that time:

All’o, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Jones, of Fttmmun in the County of Glamorgan, Esquire, to make Leaies for Three Lives, or for Ninety-and-nine Years, determinable on Three Lives, of the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Glamorgan, limited to himself, for Life, by his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Lands to the Uses of that Settlement, in Lieu and Recompence of that Power; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to veil the Estate of Sir Henry Robinson, Knight, a Lunatick, lying in Cranfley, in the County of Northampton, in Trustees, to enable them to make a Settlement, on the Marriage of John Robinson, Esquire, only Son, and Heir apparent, of the said Sir Henry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which* the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir Richard Allin, alias,

Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts, and settling the Remainder according to his Marriage Articles:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways, leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntington, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Ilin's EftaU.

Royiton

Roads.

Ordered, That Sir Rickard Farringtotiy Mr* Peyton,

__________ Lord IVm. Powletty Mr. Lowthery Mr. Stockdale, Mr.

lent up by this House, without any Amendment; and Papdhon, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Gott, Mr. Dibbley Mr* have filled up the Blank, by inferring the Words " Lords Blanch, Mr. Bellafis, Mr. Earl, Mr. Snell, Mr. Halsey, " Spiritual and Temporal, andand have resolved to Mr. Gape, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Duncomb, be added to attend her Majesty with the said Address, with their whole the Committee, to whom the Acts of Parliament, relating House; and have sent to know her Majesty’s Pleasure, to the Brokers of the City of London, and under what when (he will please to be attended with the said Address; farther Regulations it may be proper to put them, is and intend to continue fitting, till her Majesty’s Pleasure referred.

Vo l. 16 Ordertd,

Regulating

Brokers.

6o8 20" — if

Co»l Trade. Ordered, That Mr. Cotton, Mr. Vincent, Mr. United, Mr. Prise, Mr. Burslem, Mr. Currance, Mr. Mr. Coates, Mr. Auditor Harley, Sir Richard How, Mr. Benson, Mr. Carnegy, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Ward, SirCtfo. Newland\ Mr. , Mr. Herne, Mr. O'aggs,

Mr. Moor, Mr. Onslow, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to dissolve the present, and prevent the future, Combination of Coal-owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade, is committed.

' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 21° die

Anno 10° Anne Begins, 1711.

Prayers.

Bridger’s IV/T R. Hardress redorted from the Committee, to EiUte. jLVJL whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting of certain Lands in the Paritti of fVoodchurch, in the County of formerly purchased by Winifred Bridget and Lawrence in

certain Trustees, to be sold, for the railing Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed > that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Jones' An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate. to ena5ie Robert Jones, of , in the County of Glamorgan, Esquire, to make Leases for Three Lives, or for Ninety-and-nine Years, determinable on Three Lives, of the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Glamorgan, limited to himself, for Life, by his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Lands to the Lie? of that Settlement, in Lieu and Recompenceof that Power, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Robinson’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. b) yell the Estate of Sir Henry Robinson, Knight, a Lunatick, lying in Crantley, in the County of Northampton, in Trustees, to enable them to make a Settlement, on the Marriage of John Robinson, Esquire, only Son, and Heir apparent, of the said Sir "Henry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Stonebridge Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Field Pic- whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

cadilly in- Act for vesting a certain Piece of Ground, being Part of a

ve ing. Field, called Stone-bridge Field, adjoining to Piccadilly, \a the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to dispose of the same to discharge a Debt to the Crown, and to other Uses, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfactioji of the Committee; and that the Committee had made one Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows;

Pr. 1. L. 3. Leave out " 30th," and insert <c 20th."

Pointer’* An iagrafled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eftat*. for Testing several Messuages, or Tenements, in Bride-lane, and elsewhere, in the Parish of St. alias

St. Brides, London, of John Pointer, Esquire, in Trustees,

34

Afrilis. A, 1711.

to be sold, in Lieu and Satisfaction of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, of a greater Value, settled by the said John Pointer to such Uses, and upon such Trusts, as the said Houses in London are settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Govlfton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Hiccoeks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pr^*rv"1<Ml for the Preservation of white Pine Trees, growing in her °n rwl Majesty’s Colonies of New Hampshire, the unions.

Bay, and Province of Main Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, the Naraganfet, Country, or King's Providence, and Connecticut, in New England, New Fork, and New Jersey, in America, for the matting her Majesty’s Navy, with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors, now under Debtors Confinement in the Gaol in Bury St. Edmonds, in the Petition. County of Suffolk, as well on behalf of themselves, as on behalf all their suffering Brethren within her Majesty’s Dominions of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that whereas your Honours have been so gracious, as to order a Bill to be prepared, for the releasing us out of our lamentable Condition and Confinement, and have caused the same to be directed to a Committee thereupon appointed, to settle the Conditions and Limitations thereof, and granted to them their Redemption from this their dismal and tedious Confinement, and that they may obtain their ancient Freedoms, and be thereby rendered capable of providing for, and taking Care of, their poor suffering Families, who are now under the greatest Wants and Distress.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and to restore to them their Liberty, is committed: And that Sir Tho Hammer, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Mr. Quick,

Mr. Armefley, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee do make their Report of the said Bill with all convenient Speed; and that they have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Mr. Rownev reported from the Committee, to whom Arrears it was referred to consider of the Arrears of Taxes, *fTaxn. granted by Parliament, in whose Hands they are, and what has been th‘e Occasion of such Arrears; that they had considered the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them:

Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide* ration upon this Day Seven-night.

A Bill for qualifying Members to fit in the House of Eltftions Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in Scotland, and for the better regulating Elections there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to* Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker reported, that both Houses did Yesterday Answert# in the Evening attend her Majesty with their Address; Addrefc. and that her Majesty was pleated to give a most gracious Answer thereunto, as followeth; viz.

My

pjjk

Jr cci

fa*

(fail#

yd

in

itriLi

& 01

PaUline*,

Janice* <;f QaUiDcaUoa*

Kieal Store*

fr *rn

bcollaiui.

Frfumption of Oral* u

IhrMch' fr.lb te*

io Ann. 21* — 23 609

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I thank you very heartiiy for this Address. It is of great Importance, that the World should know, that both Houses of Parliament do so unanimously approve the Measures I have taken on this Occasion of the Emperor’s Death, which will very much encourage our Allies to continue united in the common Cause.

The Order* of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Colonel Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to MaUsnWric the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgeft to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Malden, in the County of Essex, in the room of Thomas Richmond, Esquire, deceasecT v

were to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encourage*

ment, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were OThat the Committee, to whom the Petition of Scotch

expended in bringing them into Great Britain, and for William Seaton, Esquire, in t he Name of the Commissionera fc^Uivakct* maintaining them here, and by whom paid, be taken into &r the Equivalent, is referred, do report the Matter of farther C^nlideration upon this Day Seven-night. Fa&, and also their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Sir Roger reported from the Committee, who Abusesia

whole House, upon the Bill for the better qualifying were to enquire into false Mullers, and Other Abuses in {££J^the Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great Britain called the Payment of her Majesty’s Guards, and also Abuses,

England. committed in relation to Hospital; that they had

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. enquired into the fakl Matters accordingly, and con-

Sir GilbertDolben took the Chair of the Committee. fiderod the Petitions to them referred; and that they had

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. djrcded him to report to the House, how the Matter

Sir Gilbert Doben reported from the Committee, that appeared to them: Which he read in his Place, and they had gone through the Bill, and made several afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con-

to report, when the House will please to receive the Oration upon Tomorrow Seven-night.

fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Mr. reported from the Committee, appointed Resumption Morning next. to examine the Lifts, delivered in by the Members, of of Grants.

a Person to be a Commissioner, for examining into the A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Value of Lands, and other Interests, granted by the That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Crown since the 13th Day of February, 1688, and upon to whom the Bill for the encouraging the Transportation what Considerations such Grants were made, in order of naval Stores from any Part of North Britain, was to resume the fame, and apply them to the LJfc of the committed, be now received; Publick; that they had examined the same accordingly;

it passed in the Negative. and that the Majority is fallen upon William Wrightfou,

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Esquire: And he delivered the said Report in at the

Morning next. Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as

follows:

The Order being read, for the balloting for a Commissi.mer, for examining the Value of Lands, and other In.crells, granted by the Crown since the 13th Day of February, 1688, and upon what Confident ions such Grant* were made, in order to resume the fame, and apply them to the Use of the Publick;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go with the Mace into and

Courts there, and Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And be went accordingly.

And, being returned;

1'hc Clerk, and Clerk Artistant, went on each Side the House with Glartes, to receive from the Members the Lists of a Person’s Name, to be a Commissioner; and being received; the same were brought up to the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, who irtspect<;d the former Lifts, to inspect these Lifts, and report to the House, upon whom the Majority falls: And they are to withdraw into the Speaker’s Clumber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

JLunet, 23° die;

Anno 10* Anna! Reginse, 171 r.

P R A VI R S.

A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An iV Ad to enable John Hardress, Efauire, and June, his Wife, to tell certain Lands in the County of Kent, and for settling of others to the Uses therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Ygl. Id.

William Wrightson, Esquire, 117.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, until the ingrossed Bill for examining the Value of Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown Gnce the 13th Day of February, 1688, and upon what Considerations such Grants were made, in order to resume the lame, and apply them to the Use of the Publick, shall be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to consider Regulating of the Acts of Parliament, relating to the Brokers of the Broken. City of London, and under what farther Regulations it may be proper to put them, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill for laying certain Duties 00 . upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and 1 upon Vellom, and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty’s most necessary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurned the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and bad directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, Thkt this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

?P

Resolved,

Way* and Means.

Naval Stores

from

Scotland.

Scotch

Equivalent.

Committees.

Regulating

Brokers.

Wood's

Estate.

Burgoyne's

Estate.

Bridgets

Estate.

Jermyn’s

Divorce,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the encouraging the Transportation of naval Stores from any Part of North Britain, was committed, be received upon Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Seaton, Esquire, in the Name of the Commissioners for the Equivalent, is referred, have Leave to lit-in a Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were to meet this Evening, be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Acts of Parliament, relating to the Brokers of the City of

London> and under what farther Regulations it may be proper to put them, is referred, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 240;

Anno io* Annae Reginae, 1711.

Prayers.

SIR Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for Sale of the Manor of Great Beatings, and several Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Henry Wood, alias Webb, Esquire, deceased, in Great Beatings, and several other Places in the County of Suffolk, for discharging a Mortgage thereon, and for Payment of other Debts of the said Henry Wood, alias Webb, and for applying the overplus Money (if any) arising by such Sale, for the Benefit of Henry Wood, alias Webb (an Infant) his Son, and Heir, was committed, that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Bulteel reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of William Burgoyne, late of the City of Exon, Merchant, deceased, during the Minority of his Son and Daughters, was committed} that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be . true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting of certain Lands in the Parish of,

in the County of Kent, formerly purchased by Winifred Bridger, and Lawrence Bridger, in certain Trustees, to be sold, for the railing Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardres do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Stephen 20

strmyn, the only Son of Stephen Jeof London, Merchant, with Sarah Bell, and to enable him to marry again, be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Ad, of the Fifth Prefemtion Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation Game' of the Game) more effectual, was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

T0- h-

TeUersfor theNo«|‘^dff^. jji.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And that the Title be. An Act for making the Ad, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) perpetual, and for making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunger/ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Grosvenor’s this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Eft*w. Trustees to perform the Marriage Articles of Sir Richard Grosvenor, Baronet, and Dame Jane, his Wife, notwithstanding the Lunacy of Dame Mary Grosvenor, and the Infancy of her younger Children, and for settling the Estate in the Family, and making building Leases as effectually, as if the said Dame M was of found Mind,

and her Children of full Age, and all had joined in levying Fines.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Granville presented to the House (according to Arrears of Order) a Bill for paying and clearing a Detachment of the Guards m Guards in Spain after the Battle of Almanza, between the Spain-24th of August, and 24th of October, 1707, and for supplying the Defect of the Muster-rolls of the said Detachment within that Time; and the same was receive^.

A Petition of Robert Kerby, Gentleman, Bailiff of the Bishops Town of Bishops Waltham, in the County of Southampton, Waltham, and of I/aac Moody, Gentleman, Bailiff of the Town 4,c> Market of Havant, in the said County, and of James Lacy, Gentleman, Bailiff of the Town of Hambledon, in the said County, and also of ‘Thomas Aubery, Gentleman,

Bailiff of the Town of Fareham, in the said County, on the behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said several Towns, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said several Towns are ancient Market Towns, and are situate above Five Miles From each other, and from any other Market Towns: That, by reason they lie in the Roads, leading to the Garison of Portsmouth, in the said County, they have been greatly burthened with Soldiers on their Marches; and by reason, that the common Trade of buying and selling of Corn is now done by Sample, and not brought into the Markets, and Cattle are bought up and down in the Country, out of Market, the Markets of the said Towns are gone almost to utter Decay therein: And praying, that lbme good and effectual Law may be made for the Support of the said Markets, and ascertaining of the Toll therein, and that both' Seller and Buyer may be under some Penalty for felling and buying out of Markets.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

An ingrossed Bill for examining into the Value of Resumptio« Lands, and other Interests, granted by the Crown, Grants, finee the 13th Day of February, 1688, and upon what Considerations such Grants were made, in order to resumc the fame, and apply them to the Use of the Publick, was read the Third time.

And

io Ann. 240 Aprilis.

6ii

And the Commissioners Names, Sir Stuart, Baronet, Charles Eversfidd, Esquire, John Esquire, James Bulled, Esquire, John Esquire,

Abraham Black more, Esquire, and William Esquire, were inserted at the Clerk’s Table in the Blank, left in the Bill for the lame.

Rcfohed, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for examining into the Value of Lands, and other incerefts, granted by the Crown linccthe 13th Day of February, 1688, and upon what Confident ions l'uch

Giants were made, in order to resume the lame, and apply them to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That Mr. Stiangwayes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

C<m k'T-muuili Writ.

A Mo lion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgel's to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ol Cockcrmouth, in the County of Cumberland, in the r om

of James ist..nhr>[>e, Esquire, whose Election hath been declared void;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for lire Yeas, H 7 *(M t. Jeff ayes: J

Tellers for, he } 9,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Orders of the Day being read i

Resolved, That this House will, upon 7 Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Robert Payne.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire how far the several Imprest Accomptants have passed their respective Accounts, and to consider of Methods for the more effectual and speedy compelling the said Accomptants to pass their Accounts, and to obviate all Irregularities, and unnecessary Delays, in the fame.

And the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee, finding by the Certificate of the Auditors of the Imprefts, that several Persons chargeable with the publick Moneys, were very much in Arrear with their Accounts, required a particular State of the whole Charge of the several Accomptants herein after-mentioned, how far each respective Accomptant had actually passed his Accounts, and what Accounts now lay before the Auditors which appears to be as follows; viz.

Charge.

The Earl of late Paymaster of the Forces.

His Exchequer Charge.....19,876,067

His voluntary Charge ----- I,>39,551

His Lordship’s Discharge byAccounls actually passed 14,593,665 Disallowances on his Icvcral Accounts, which are Discharge. to be discharged in his final Account - 47803,153

By his final Account for a Year, ending 24th December, 1702, now before the Auditor - 1,617,029

Remains to be accounted for by his Lordship -

£ t.

21,015,618 19 4r

21,013,847 IO IOr

1,771 8 6

His Lordship also informed the Committee, that the That he is now applying to be discharged of the Re-Realons, why his Accounts were lb far in Arrear, are, mainder of the said Disallowances in the same manner, that the Auditors of the Imprefts disallowed him in his which as soon as he obtains, he will be very diligent in Accounts, already passed, several great Sums ot Money, passing his final Account} his Lordship thinking it im-amounting in the whole to upwards of Four millions, for proper to press the passing of it sooner, because the said want of regular Vouchers: That he has long been soli- Disallowances will be made a Charge on him on his said citing to be difi larged of these Sums by Privy Seal, and, final Account, and consequently will appear a Balance due after a (bid Examination of his Vouchers, a Privy Seal from him at the Foot thereof} whereas, he apprehends, is prepared, to d.scharge him of£. 3,856,248. 10s. nd. there will be but a very small Balance due upon it. of the Sums lb disallowed him.

The honourable James Bridges, Esquire, the present Paymaster.

f By Money received out of the Exchequer - - 15,043,979

By his Voluntary and Surcharge - - - 33°»310

iBy Accounts aduslly passed - - - 956,789

? By Accounts made up, and adjusted for Declaration - 3,850,212 C. By Accounts now lying before the Auditors - - 4,247,279

Remains to be accounted for by the said Accomptant -

Charge. Discharge.

7

6

15

Si(

15*374.289

s.

z

d.

9,054,281 15 —

6,320,007 6 ill

The said Paymaster informeth the Committee, that the Rcafous, why his Accounts are no farther declared, are, That for the Flanders Service, the Payments to foreign Princes, for Subsidies, £sV. being made abroad, pursuant toTreaties, and Establishments, and the Course of the Exchequer requiring Muster-rol!s, and Sign Manuals, which could not be obtained, the Accounts of those Payments have always been passed by Privy Seal, by the Help whereof his Predecessor, Mr. Fox, was enabled to pass his Accounts; but that the Privy Seal, which (after due Examination) was directed for his Account, ending 1706, being kept back, hath put a Stop, not only to that, but altotcthesubsequent Accounts, which have been delivered in to the Auditors, to Chriflm as, 1709, none of which can be declared, before the preceding are passed.

That the Payments on his Account, ending at mas last, not being all made, and none of the Vouchers as yet returned from abroad, the same could not be adjusted for the Auditors} but, as soon as the Payments are perfected, and the Vouchers received, the same shall be delivered in with all convenient Speed.

That the Account for the and Service,

V ol. Hi.

for the Year ending at Christmas, ijc6, flops likewise for the Privy Seal, which (after a ftritft Examination) was long since directed, in regard that some of the Vouchers, taken abroad, were not according to the Course of the Exchequer } and his subsequent Account, which ends at Christmas, 1707, and lies before the Auditor, cannot be declared, till that for 1706 is passed: That the Accounts, and Vouchers, for the said Years 1706 and 1707, did not come to the said Paymaster’s Hands till about January, 1709, the Deputy Paymaster at Lisbon not being able looner to procure regularDistributions, and Vouchers, by reason of the March of the Army from Portugal to Madrid 1 n 1706, and the Battle of Almanza in the Beginning of the Year 1707.

That the Accounts, and Vouchers, for the Year 1708, came not to his Hands till June last, and then many of them imperfect, and most of the Regiments not having cleared their Accounts, the same being now under the Examination of the Comptrollers of the Army; therefore the said Account is not delivered in to the Auditors, but will be perfeded, as soon as those Matters can be adjusted, which he hopes will be very soon.

That

Payne’* Debt to the Crown.

Imprest

Accovpunta.

6l2

24* Aprilis.

A.

1711.

Acco^ttnu. That his Accounts for the Year 1709 is not ready for ments not being all completed, and none of the Vouchers B>I,ttn the Auditor, because the Vouchers for the same have been received from abroad, it is impolfi'ole, as yet, to make up but a very short time in his Hands, many of which are that Year’s Account.

imperfeftj neither are the regimental Accounts as yet Which Allegations of the said Paymasters the Com-, adjusted; but he experts daily to have those Defeats sup- mittee did not examine, for that they were not implied. powered by the House to do.

And as for the Year, ending at Ckrifimas last, the Pay-

Lord Viscount Faulklond, late Treasurer of the Navy.

SBy Money received at the Exchequer, and other wise, between the 31st of December, 1682, and 16th of March

- -....

C By Accounts actually patted to the 3 x ft December - 1,12 2,13 3

Discharge. < By Accounts lying before the Auditor, most of which

{are ready for Declaration - - - - 1,465,368

Remains to be accounted for

‘"I

5 J

Charge.

Discharge,

Sir Thomas Littleton, Baronet, late Treasurer of the Navy.

T By Money received between the 29th of , 1699,

and the last of December, 1709, at the Exchequer, or L otherwise -

fBy Accounts actually patted, or ready for Declaration 7,559,382 5 3i By Accounts lying before the Auditors - 3>557»993 7 10 r

By Accounts under the Examination of the NavyBoard 6,790,936 10 By Money paid to Robert Walpole, Esquire, by Direction of the Treasury - - - - 421,250 1 1

'* Remains to be accounted for -

s.

3,°94,723 7

2>587>501 11 507,221 16

d.

n*

n

18,3 82,750 1 8,329,562 4

Sr

53,*87 17

The Committee proceeded to enquire into the Methods missioners of the Navy; who have made Obler-

of passing the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Navy, tsfe. vations thereupon, which are contained in the Paper, and the Reasons, why the same were so far in Arrear. marked N* II.

And Mr. Burton and Mr. Hawes attending, they ac- The Committee mud observe, that, tho' this is an Acquainted the Committee, that the Method, now used in count of the greatest Sums of Money, and of the greatest making Up the said Treasurer’s Accounts, does very Consequence to the Kingdom, yet it is passed in a Method much retard the polling thereof. quite different from any other Account; the same being

The Committee directed the said Mr. Burton and Mr. brought to the Auditor in Volumes, signed by Three of Haioes to represent the same in Writing j which they ac- the Commissioners of the Navy, without any Vouchers; cordingly did, together with a Proposal, in the Paper, which the Auditor is impowered thus to pats by the marked N® I. a Copy whereof was delivered to the Com- Authority of a Privy Seal.

Captain Atkinson, and other Commissioners for Transportation, in the late War.

340,333 3 8t 173,512 10 —

Charge. (

By Money received of several Persons By Tallies received -

By the Value of Debentures, issued for Irifk Service, and Value of Stores, (Ac. deducted from Matters of Ships By Interest of Tallies, and Moneys received for Provisions fold, and Deductions from Mailers of Ships for Stores short returned -

By Value of Certificates issued to Mailers of Ships in , 1693 and 1697, in order to grant Debentures by -( By Account made up for Declaration, relating to the Discharge. < Reduction of Ireland -

I By Accounts under the Examination of the Auditor - 358,489 12 10

c-

s.

d.

323>335

9,366 16 4^ 92,098 10 41

938,646 19 9

577*3*7 *5

Remains to be accounted for -

Charge. Discharge.

1:

Charge,

Charge.

Charge.

Captain Atkinson, and others, the present Commissioners for Transportation.

By Money received of several Persons - _ -

By an Account, actually passed, for transporting Forces

to Holland.....- 14,311

By a dated Account for Spanish and India Service, made up - -- -- - 46,235

Remains to be accounted for

Nutting, Esquire, late Treasurer for Transportation.

By Money received of several Persons -

Charles Mason, Esquire, late Treasurer for Transportation.

By Money received of sundry Persons -

Tho. Micklethwaite, Esquire, the present Treasurer for Transportation.

f By Money received of several Persons between the 14th Day of April, 1708, £and 26th January, 1710 -By Accounts lying before the Auditors....

Remains to be accounted for -

93S>8o7 8 2,839 s

120,108 l^ 3r

60,546 13 *t 59,362 2 4

108,118 16

262,815 19 7

480,209 — Hi 376,442 10 9i

105,766 10 0

Mr.

Jwf’ices of

Peace

QuaUikution.

Committee*

IO Ann. 24' — 25

Mr. Povty, late Treasuref to the Commission for Sick and Wounded.

Charge. By Money received of several Persons -

fBy Money paid on the Heads of sick and Grounded Seamen, and Prisoners, as Difclurge.jky Three Accounts, lying before the Auditors -

jC* s‘ d.

i$6,i6o — -----$

>35.476 7 — T

Remains to be accounted for

Captain Savery, the present Treasurer to the Commission for Sick and Wounded,

Charge. By Money received of several Persons -

_.., f By Money allowed him on an Account, actually passed 63,810 7

Ddcnargt.^y Accounts lying before the Auditors - 74,728 1

Remains to be accounted for -

Aw-',.*,t.hr^Total of the Charge on the several Accomptants before-mentioned -

cTotal of the Discharge by Accounts, actually passed -

Total to be accounted for

m 13 —

i \ 276,678 8 8|

.1 *38.538 8

- >37.540 — 6$

66,81$,517 ii

24,187,409 14 if

£ 35,302,107 18 9$

The Committee proceeded to enquire into the Nature of the Exchequer Process against Accomptants, and the Methods ot i(Tiling the fame.

Mr. Stephan, late Deputy of the Queen’s Remembrancer’s Office, informed the Committee, that the present Practice was, to issue a ad

then an Altai, and a Plures against such Accomptants, as were certified to be behind in their Accounts, and by the Auditors of the Imprefts in their half-yearly Ceuifi-cates; which Process was continued to be issued every iftuable Term, unless the same were ft.ryrd by Warrant from the Treal’ory, or Order of the Court of Exchequer: Which Process, he said, had very little effect; for that the Sheriffs for the most part returned no Issues, and (ometimes the Process was issued into wrong Counties, for want of due Information, there being no Solicitor appointed, to take Care of the due ilfuing of Process, and of the due Execution thereof.

He further said, that, upon looking into some of the old Entries, he found, that a Capias ad compu/andum had formerly ill'ued j bat this had been diluted for many Years.

Mr. Morgan, the present Depofy Remembrancer, produced the Roll of Process against the several Person9, set tnfuper in the Account of the Lord Coningsby and Mr. Fox, late Paymasters in Ireland; which it appeared, that, tho* Process had issued open the said (or

many Years, yet very few, or no, Issues had been returned; lb that a very great Sum (till remained upon the fame, for which no Account was rendered j whic h was the Cade in many other Accounts.

ReJo/veJ, That it appears to this House, that of the Moneys, granted by Parliament, and issued for the publick Service, to Christmat, 1710, there are Thirty-five millions Three hundred and two thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Nine Pence, for a great Part whereof no Accounts have been laid before the Auditors, and the rest aot prosecuted by the Accomptants, and finished.

Ordered, That the farther Confederation of the said Report be adjownted until Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better qualifying Ju dices of the Peace for that Part of Great Britain called England'r was committed, be received upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were to meet this Evening, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii^its die

Anno 10* Annae Reginae, 1711.

Pkatkrj.

ORDERED,

That all Committees be revived.

ConunittM*.

A Bill for enabling John Williams (a free Negro of the Enfranchis-Island of Jamaica) his Wife and Children, bred up in the ingWilliain*, Religion of the Church of England, and naturalized, to Negro‘

Itc Witnesses in civil Cafes, and that no Slaves may be WitncUl-s against them, and to provide, that they on all Ocdafions in the said Island, and in other her Majesty’s Plantations, may be tried by a Jury, as other hef Majesty’s Subjects are to be tried, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bulled,

Sir Richard Farrington, Sir John Mordaunt. Sir fho.

Manjell, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Geo.

Newland, Mr. Annejles, Mr. Downing, Mr. Gale, Mr.

Ward, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Richard Dow, General Ecclin, Mr. Raruoney, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Fr(man, Sir*

Gilbert Dolben, Lord Downe, Sr Pat. , Mr.

Newland, Mr. Mitton, Mr. Earl, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gould,

Mr. Cajar, Colonel Grahme, Mr. Ferrier, Mr.

And they are to meet Ibis Afternoon, at jFrireaClock>4n the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Afl Ad Jones* to enable Robert Jones, of FtmmUn Castle, in the County of Glamorgan, Esquire, to make Leases for Three Lives, or for Ninety-and-ninie Years, determinable on Three Lives, of the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the!

County of Glamorgan, limited to himself, for Life, by

his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Lands to the Uses of that Settlement, id Lieu and Recotnpence of that Power, was read the Second time.

Rejoh'td, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Man-Jell, Mr. Gale, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Medlycot, Sir Geo.

Newland, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Sir T/tOi Conte, Mr. CMr. Chapman, Mr. Lawson, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Farter* Mr. Down-

ing, Dr. Pajk, Mr. If'ykes, Mr. Newland, Lord Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Serjeant Conmittr, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Rownefy, Lord Windsor, Mr. Bull eel, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Philips, Sir Ja. Mountague, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Fitz -Iramr, Mr. Mirton, Lord" Down, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Ferrier, Mr. Ac]on, Sir Edward Goodier, Sir Gilbert Dolben,

Mr. Cox, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Serjeant' Birch, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Leichmere, Mr. Jennynt, Mr. dott, Mr. Carter, Mr. Hunger/ord; and all the Gentlemen, that serve for the Principality of And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 16.

Mr. Medlycot presented to' the House (according to Or- Expiring der). a Bill for reviving, and continuing, several Acts of Law*.

7 Q Parliament

614

250 — 26° Apr ills.

A’ 1711

Naval Stores from Scotland.

Parliament therein mentioned; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Smith (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the encouraging the Transportation of naval Stores from any Part of North Britain, wis committed, the Amendments t iey had made to the Bill, and had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put there-' upon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for preventing Frauds.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

- And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hairing the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Militia. railing the Militia for the Year 1711, altho’ the Month’s J Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and that Mr. Vice-chamberlain and Mr. Scobell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.'

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Sheet-bridge, in the Parish of Petersjeild, to the Town of , in the County of Southampton, without any Amendment

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing excessive and deceitful Gaming, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, with an Amendment; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Peter^field to

Portsmouth

Roads.

Prevention of Gaming.

Dunstable to

Hockley

Roads.

Supply Bill; Duties on Hides.

The Order of the Day being read.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum, and Parch nent, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty’s most necessary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. C buyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the- Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

RoVmu*uT|

felUtile*

Surrey, for the Satisfaction of the said William Debt to the Crown, and to preserve the Surplus thereof for the Uses therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and had considered the Petition to them referred; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment . And he delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest the Estate of Sir Henry Knight, a Luna-

tick, lying in Cranjley, in the county of ,

in Trustees, to enable them to make a Settlement, on the Marriage of John Robinson, Esquire, only Son, and Heir apparent, of the said Sir Henry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Onjloiv, Mr. Conyers, Sir Gilbert Dolhen, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Strangwayes, Mr. , Mr. Berk-

ley, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Cater, Colonel Berkley, Lord Compton, Mr. Nezvland, Mr. Letchmere, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Richard Hoar, Sir Robert , Colonel,

Mr. Burslem, Mr. Bilson, Mr. Chapman, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Bull eel, Mr. Mitt on, Mr. Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Cotes, Mr. Drake, Mr. Fownes, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Freman, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Relney, Mr. Onftuza, Mr. Haljord, Sir Henry,

Sir Jac. Banks, Sir IVm.Barker, Mr. Fleming, Mr.

minique, Sir Edward Goodier, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Berners, Sir Geo. New/and, Air Reynelland all the Gentlemen that serve for the Counlies of Northampton, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Marqui. f Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the pnrclifitcr* Estate of the Right Noble Evelyn Lord Marquis of Dorchester, and William Pierrepont, Elqqire, commonly called Lord Kingston, Son and Heir apparent of the said Lord Marquis, and also, for settling the Estate of John.

Hall, Esquire, on the Marriage of the said William Pierrepont, Esquire, is re-committed, be discharged of the Instruction, given to them the 14th instant, upon the Recommitment of the said Bill.

H11 Maid's Debt to tf.C Crown.

JcvtSj 26° die;

Anno 10° Ann* Regin*, 1711,

Prayers.

MR. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estates of William Hubbald, and of his Father Edward Hubbald, io the County of 18

A Bill for explaining and amending the Act, made in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Davers, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Geo. Nezvland, Mr. Peyton, Sir Ja. Mountague, Ward, Sir Tho. Powell, Mr. Wicker, Mr. Cross, Mr. Goring, Mr. Coates, Mr. Gale, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Robert , Mr. New/and,

Colonel Berkley, Mr. Evelyn, Colonel Child, Mr. minique, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hart, Lord Duplin, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Pelham, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Everssaid, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Freman, Mr. Smith, Mr. Manley, Sir Just. lsham, Mr. Pendarvis, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Robinson, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Ireton, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Bulteel, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Manaton\ and all the Gen-tleipen that serve for the Cities of London and minster and for the Counties of and Surrey:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Pearks have Leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the City of Worcester.

A Hite of l>r«a4

Worwlfer

Election-

A Petition of the Trustees of Mr. Marshall, Christ-Founder of Christ-church, in the County of , the Church Reftur, Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants, of the said Parish, was prefrmed to the House, and read;

letting

io Ann. 26° Apri 615

(citing forth, that the said Church, having "been built by Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con

the private Clurity of the said Mr. ,is too little

to hold the Inhabitants thereof: That the enlarging and building the said Church will colt above 2,000. And prayin?, that they may be included in your Honours most charitable and pious Consideration, for the enlarging and building the Churches within the Bills of Mortality.

Ordered, that the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

>111 Saint*, A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and other Oxford, Inhabitants, of AH Saints Parish in the City of,

Ihdrcb. was pr,.|cntt(j to the House, and read; setting forth, that

about Eleven Years since the Church of the said Parish fell d >wn, and was wholly demohthed; and the Petitioners not l>eing abic to rebuild the fame, her Majesty, of her princely Bounty, and divers of the Nobility and Gentry of this Kingdom, and several Members of the famous I’niverlity oi Ox, and City, contributed very Jarge Sums of Alt ncy, for rebuilding the said Church; revert lu lets the Tower and Steeple of the said Church do yet remain who.ly unbuilt, and the Sum of £.400 and upwards, contracted for building the Cud Church and Chancel, doth yet remain unpaid; nor are they able ro build the said lower and Steeple, without ibme publick charitable Affillance, the necessary Charge of building the said Tower and Steeple, upon a Computation ot (lilful Workmen, amounting to the Sum of 1,000. And praying, that the Sum ofj£. 1,400 may be allowed them to findh the said l ower, and to dilci.arge the said Debt, out of the Duty upon Coals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

W'w’H'CiMrtb A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and other Ch«rch. Inhabitants, of H'andf^ortk, in the County of

near the Suburbs of London, on behalf of rhemselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was pre-firnted to the House, and icnd; letting forth, that the said Parish Church is not capable to receive above Half the Inhabitants at Divine Service: That the Petitioners are not in a Condition to enlarge the said Church, the Charge whereof wiil amount toa Thousand Pounds, and upwards: And praying your Honours Assistance in en-Iarging the said Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Cwdon A Petition of John C.rfar, the Vicar, Churchwardens, Church, idc. of the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, in behalf of themselvr$, and other the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was pre tented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the said Pu ilh Church is a very ancient and spacLus Strudlure, but i.ow become very ruinous, and, by Computation of the most skilful Surveyors, the Charges in repairing the said Church, to prevent its falling, will amount to at least £ 5,500, the which Sum the Parishioners are altogether unable to raise, having for many Years pail chearfully undergone an extraordinary Expence in keeping up the lame: And praying, that they may be admitted to partake of the Money, to be raised and appropriated, for the building and repairing of Churches.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Thames A Petition of several eminent Traders, inhabiting a4

Fiilieiy. or near Billingsgate, London, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioneis being informed, that there is a Clause in the Bill for the better Preservation of the Filbcry in the River of Thames, to prevent all Vessels, Jaden with Salt, Oranges, and Lemons, from coming into Billingsgate Dock; which will not only be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, but the taking away the ancient Privilege of Freeman, which Time out of Mind they have enjoyed: And praying, that the Premisesmay be taken into Consideration, and the Petitioners be relieved therein.

Vol. 16.

lideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Vice-chamberlain presented to the House (accord" RaiCng the ing to Order) a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1711, ahho* the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved', That, the Bill be read a Second time. t

A Bill for paying and clearing a Detachment of thy Arrears of Guards in Spain after the Battle ol Almanza, between thy in

24th of August and 24th of October, 1707, and for lup- "pain‘ p ying the Defect of the Muster-rolls of the said Detachment within that Time, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Deputy Remembrancer of the import Court of Exchequer do lay before this House, what Or- Accouiptant* ders he hath had for ilfuing, or Haying, Process against the several Imprest Accomptants, lines her Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne.

The Order of the Day being called for, touching the Supply Bill; Report of the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or drafted, and upon Vellum, and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty’s moll necessary Occasions;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House,- do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and Courts there, an I Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and funrmon the Members theie, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer being in the Mr-Harley mean time come into the House; Mr. Speaker (pursuant kt"jrutu" to the unanimous Resolution of the House, the Eleventh Instanr) did, in the Name of the House, congratulate his Eicapc and Recovery, from the barbarous and villainous Attempt, made upon him by the Sieurt/v Guiscard, as follows; viz.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

When the barbarous and villainous Attempt, made upon you by the Sieur De Guiscard, a French Papist, was communicated to this House, they immediately declared, they were moll deeply afflfted, to find such an Instance of inveterate Malice against you; and ^observing how you have been treated by some Persons, they concluded, they had Reason to believe, that your Fidelity to her Majesty, and Zeal for her Service, had drawn upon you the Hatred of all the Abettors of Popery and Faction.

In this Opinion they moll be abundantly confirmed, since the Lords, and the Queen, have concurred with them.

Sir,

If your Fidelity to her Majesty, and Zeal for her Service, cou'd ever be doubted, and wanted any Teflimo-nials, to prove them, you have now the moll honourable, the moll ample, and the moll undeniable, that can be given; and, after these, it would be an unpardonable Pre-fumption in me to imagine, I could add to them, by saying any thing of your faithful Discharge of those great Trulls, you have been honoured with, to which your eminent Abilities at first recommended you, and your distinguishing Merits have since justified her Majesty’s wife Choice.

Your [very Enemies, Sir, acknowlegc this, by their unwearied and restless Endeavours against your Person, and Reputation.

God be thanked, they have been hithertodisappointed, and have not been able to accomplish, what their inveterate, but impotent, Malice had designed against both.

And may the same Providence, that has wonderfully preserved you from feme unparalleled Attempts, and that

fias

Supply Bill; Duties on Hides.

a 6° — 2 7° Aprilis.

A. 1711.

has raised you up to be an I.nftrntT>cnt of great Good in very critical Juudlure, when it was n>uch wanted, continue still to preserv so invaluable a Life, for the perfecting of what is so happily begun, that we may owe to your Counsels, and to your Conaudt (under her Majesty) the Maintenance, and firm Establishment, of our Constitution in Church and State.

- These Expectations, Sir, have filled this House with an inexpressible Satisfaction for your Escape, and Recovery, which they have unanimously commanded me to con-

fratyilate: I do therefore, in the Name of this House, cpngratirlatp your Escape, and Recovery, from the barbarous and villainous Attempt, made Upon you by the Sieur t)e Guiscard.

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer returned the House his humble Thanks, for the great Honour they had done him, as follows; via.

Mr. Speaker,

The Honour, this House hath done pie, which you have expressed in so obliging a Manner, is a sufficient . Reward for the greafeft Merit: I am sure it lb far exceeds my Deserts, that all I can do, or fufier, for the Public^, during the whole course of my Life, will Hill le^ve me in Debt to your Goodness.

By the Acceptance you have vouchfefed my poor Services, how noble an Encouragement, worthy of you has tlvip House given alloyr Fel)ow-subjects to exert themselves in the glorious Cause of preserving the Constitution in Church and State, and in Loyalty to the best of Sovereigns

This, without Doubt, was your View; and this may convince all, who are not designedly obstinate, how dear the true Interest of the Nation is to this honourable Assembly.

Sir,

The undeferyed Favour, I have received this Day, is deeply imprinted in my Heart; and whenever I look upon my Bread;, it will put me in mind of the Thanks due to God, my Duty to the Queen, and that Debt of Gratitude and Service I must always owe to this honourable House, to you, Mr. Speaker, and to every particular Member.

Ml Conyers (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum, and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty’s most necessary Occasions, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the feme were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, as fer as Clause A; and the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with Amendments to- feme of them) agreed unco by the H«uf$.

Claute A, being read a Second time. That no Bark of Oak, or other Bark, used for the tanning or manufacturing of raw Hides into Leather, shall be exported from any Part of Great Britain to any Part beyond the Sea; the same was amended.

And the Questfen being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment, fe amended;

upon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the BUI,

That the Managers of the Duties shall not concern them-fplves in the Elections of Members of Parliament.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That no Wares, made of Hides or Skins, shall be entitled to any Drawback, as made Wares, in respect only of their being curried, or drested by the Currier.

Ajrd the same was twice read, winh Blanks; which were filled up; and the Clause was amended.

And then the Clause wias, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill,

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That »*.

And the same whs twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and the Clause was amended.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Cali of the House be adjourned Call of bt until this Day Seven-night. House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- African

ing next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Cora- Compaoj. mittee of the whale House, upon the Petition of the Adventurers and Creditors of the Royal Ajrican Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on that Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Donning, Mr. t

Mr. Shakerly, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Cope, Mr. Rowney, 1

be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain, and make more effectual, a Clause, relating to the Estate of Dame RebeceaLyttw, deceased, in an Act of Parliament, made in the 7th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of Sir John Belles, Baronet, a Lunatick, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Rowing, Nine a Clock.

Venerisy die;

Jt passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Bill, Plaint, or Information, be sued forth in any Counts at Westminster in Cafes, where such Offences are

by this Act cognizable by Justices of the Peace; nor shall any Certiorari be allowed, or any Forfeitures for the fame, but the Determination of the Justices shall be final.

And the same was twice read, and amended.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thew-1*

Anno 10* Ann* Regime, 1711.

Prayers.

MR.. Cotes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Safe of Part of the Estate of Thee-pbilks BidJtdpb, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confers to the Bill, to the Satisfeftion of the Committee; and that the Committee

Bit'diilpli*

lil.w

Wood’s

E&ftUr.

XtnT Stores truiu N;ol-bad*

Mr-Spraker'* Cftagnilula-tery Speech lo Mr.

Barley, lo be printed.

Thames

FnLerj.

Writ* of Manual in is and (t>uo Warranto.

Hubhalffr Debt to the Crown-

io Ann.

27° Nprilis.

<07

thirtee had made Tome Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of and several

Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Henry Wood, alius Webb, El quire, deceased, in Great dealings, and several other Places in the County of , for discharging a Mortgage thereon, and for Payment of other Debts of the said Henry Wood, alias Webb, and for applying the ovetplus Money (if any) arising by such Sale, for the Benefit of Henry Wood, alias Webb (an Infant) his Son, and Heir, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the encouraging the Transportation of naval Stores from any Part of North Britain, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. a. L. 15, 16, 17. Leave out " for Hemp " M ater-rottcn, bright and clean, per Ton, containing Twenty gross Hundreds, the Sum of Six Pounds."

And the same was. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to encourage the Transportation of naval Stores from North Britain into South Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dcGre their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be deflred to print his congratulatory Speech to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer Yesterday; with the Answer of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer to the fame.

A Petition of the Fisherwomen of Billingsgate Market, in the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and divers others, trading in Fish, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, that the Petitioners being informed, that there is a Bill depending in this honourable House, intituled, A Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fisher-mcn of the said River; that there are several Clauses in the said Bill, should the same pass into a Law, that will be the total Ruin of the Petitioners Livelihood, and their Families thereby undone: Aud praying, that they may be heard touching the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Serjeant Webb reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a Quo

Warranto, more speedy and effectual, and for the more easy trying, and determining, the Rights of Officers in Corporations and Boroughs, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where lhey were once read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estates of William

Yol. lb.

Hnbbald, and of his Father, Edward Hubbald, in the County of Surrey, for the Satisfaction of the said William

HubbaUCs Debt to the Crown, and to preserve the Surplus thereof for the Uses therein mentioned, be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of the Governors and Directors of her Ma- Greenwich jetty’s Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, was presented to lie House, and read; setting forth, that in pursuance of her Majesty’s Commission, for carrying on and perfecting the said Royal Hospital, for Relief of disabled Seamen, the Petitioners have perfected a considerable Part of the Building thereof, so that for some Years pad Men have been received in, and maintained there, the Number of them being yearly encreased: That at present there are Four hundred Pensioners therein, provided for with all manner of Necessaries, besides Nurses, for tending them, and cleaning the House, all Widows of Seamen, with other Servants needful, being seafaring Persons; That the for-gent Necessities of many more poor disabled Seamen are such, that the Petitioners mutt be obliged to take them in, so soon as the Debt for the Building, already erected, can be paid, which, they presume, may be in a Year's time:

That the Income of the said Hospital being so applied for Support of those poor and necessitous Sufferers, the Petitioners shall not be able to build a Church for divine Service, or finish other Parts of the House, unless afliffed by some Encrease of Revenue, or Donation thereto: And praying the Consideration of this honourable House on the same of the said Hospital, that, among the Provision, they are making, for building Churches, they will give some Allowance for building a Church for the said Hospital, and for further Advancement of the other Buildings of the House, begun, and now lying unfinished.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Downton Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, elect ing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir Charles Duncomb, Knight, deceased.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Way* Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of and Means. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Heysham, Lord Down, Mr. - Thame* vey, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Parker, Sir be Fishery.

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Coddrington, Mr. Reynell, Serjeant Enfranchis. Corny ns, Mr. Gybon, Mr. Berners, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling John Williams (a e*ro‘ free Negro of the Island of Jamaica) his Wife and

7 R Children,

Stone-bridge Field, Piccadilly, in ve fling.

Lady Litton s Estate.

Railing the Militia.

Public

Accounts.

Granting Scite of Exeter Cattle.

Supply Jill Hop Duties.

tfis

prilis.

A.

171

Children, bred 'up in the Religion of the Church of England* and naturalized, to be Witnesses in civil Cafes, and that no Slaves may be Witnesses agsunft them, and to provide, that they on all Occasions in the said Island, and in other her Majesty’s Plantations, may be tried by a Jury, as other her Majesty’s Subjects are to be tried, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, appointed to consider of the Acts of Parliament, relating to *he Brokers of the City of London, and under what farther Regulations it may be proper to put them; that the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table where the same was read, and is as followeth *, viz.

Refolded* That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave tnay be given to bring in a Bill for the better preserving publick Credit, by reviving the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third (intituled, An Act to restrain the Number, and ill Practice, of Brokers and Stock-jobbers) with some Regulations, and to preserve the Equivalent, given by Law to the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preserving publick Credit, by reviving the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third (intituled, An Act to restrain the Number, and ill Practice, of Brokers and Stock-jobbers) with some Regulations, and to preserve the Equivalent, given by Law to the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London; and that Sir Robert Davers> and Mr. Carter, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sabbati* 28° die Aprilis;

Anno *o° Anns Reginae, 1711.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a certain Piece of Ground, being Part of

x Field, called Stone-bridge Field, adjoining to Piccadilly,

in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to dispose of the same to discharge a Debt to the Crown, and to other Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Randyll do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, with an Amendment, to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of Sir Hardy, Knight, and William

The Lord William Powlett reported from the Com- Esquire, was presented to the House, and read *,

mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- "setting forth, that the Petitioners were Candidates at the tuled. An Act to explain, and make more effectual, a Election of Two Burgesses for the Town of Weymouth Ckuie, relating to the Estate of Diame Rebecca Litton, and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset: That Cap-deceased, in an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh tain James , and William Betts, Esquire, were

Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Pay- likewise Candidates at the said Election: That the Peti-ment of the Debts of Sir John Bolles, Baronet, a Luna- tioners were duly elected by a great Majority of legal tick, was committed; that they had examined the Alle- Voters, and ought to have been returned as Burgesses of gat ions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and the said Borough; yet the said Captain Littleton, and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Mr. by undue and indirect Practices, together

Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the with the partial and arbitrary Proceedings of Edward Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Wizard, Mayor of the said Town, have procured them-House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the selves to be returned, to the Damage of the Petitioners:

WrvMtmtk

Ele&k*.

fame in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1711> although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , and Mr. Uiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for

And praying, the same may be taken into Consideration, and the Petitioners be relieved therein.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,^C«^y.

Tellersiort];eNoes{^;"7.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election for the

1104.

}129-

in?

the taking, examining, and Hating, the publick Accounts laid Borough of IVtymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the

of the Kingdom, without Amendment: County of Dorset, be heard at the Bar of this House

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An upon this Day Fortnight.

Act to enable her Majesty to grant the Scite of the

Castle of Exon (Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall) for A Petition of the Fishmongers of the City of London Ninety-nine Years, for the Use and Benefit of the County and Westminster was presented to the House, and read; of Diva*, without Amendment. setting forth, that the Petitioners Trade and Livelihood

And then the Messengers withdrew. very much depend upon the Fishery of the River Thames:

That the Fishery of the said River, by using unlawful Nets A BiB for laying a Duty upon Hops, was read a - and Engines, and catching great Quantities of small un-Second time. ’ sizeable and unseasonable Fish, is of late become extreme-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. ly decayed, which occasions the great Scarcity, and ex-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee cessive Price, of all Sorts of Fish, especially of Salmon, of the whole House. which were formedy very plentiful and common in the said

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday. Mom- Fishery: That, notwithstanding the Act of Parliament, in ing next, resolve idcJf into a Committee of the whole the Tenth Year of King William the Third, for making

t

Thame* ' Fishery.

House, upon the said Bill.

BiUingsgaU x free Market, divers ill-disposed Persons,

under

io Ann. 28* — 30° Aprilis. 19

tmder colour of same ambiguous Words in the said Act, do nuke a daily Praftke of buying Fish in the said Market of the Fishermen, or their Servants, and felling the same again there several times over at higher Rates, contrary to the true Intent of the same Act, and thereby do much enhance the Price thereof in like manner: That there being now a Bill in this honourable House, for Preservation of the Fishery of the said River, which the Petitioners conceive Will be of great Service to the Publick, in preventing the Destruction of the young Fry and Brood of Fish, and in making of all Sorts of Fish more plentiful, and cheap: And praying, that the said BUI may pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fideratioa of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fiftiery within the River of Thames, and for regulating the Company of Fishermen of the said River, is committed.

Merchant, with Sarah Bed, and so enable him to marry again, be read the Third time upon Tkvrfday Morning seat.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Way* whole House, who were to consider farther of Ways and and Means. Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees, which wert to meet this Committee*. Evening, be adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Erie, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Afflz* of

Mr. Medjycott, Mr. Gore, Sir John Mor donut, be added Breed,

to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter,

Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Mistery of Bakers, of the City of London, on behalf of themselves, and others of the said Mistery, was referred.

Imprest

Accoupiaota

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire how far the several Imprest Accomptants have paired their respective Accounts, and to consider of Methods for the more effectual and speedy compelling the said Accomptants to pass their Accounts, and to obviate all Irregularities, and unnecessary Delays, in the fame.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the not compelling the several Accomptants duly to pass their respective Accounts has been a notorious Breach of Trust in those, that of late Years have had the Management of the Treasury, and an high Injustice to the Nation;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the Yearsft'0

f Mr. Freman: Teller, for the

| l8l. I 19.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the farther Consideration of the said Report be adjourned;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the Yea, j vi,

\ Sit Sime 7 S* £ M r. Ever if did: I

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the several Accomptants, who have negkded their Duty in pasting their Accounts, ought no longer to be entrusted with the receiving the publick Money.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

Tellers for the Noes,

Anvars of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Taxes. were to enquire of the Arrears of Taxes, granted by Parliament, in whose Hands they are, and what has been the Occasion of Inch Arrears, be taken into Consideration on Saturday Morning next.

F.leftions Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn" in Scotland, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for qualifying Members to fit in the Home of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better regulating of Elections there.

Palatines. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who were to esquire, upon what Invitation, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Great Britain, and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid, be taken into . farther Consideration upon Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Bunidge, Mr. Martin, Mr. Enfranchis-Blanch, Mr. Papillon, be added to the Committee, to ‘"8 u liliam*> whom the Bill for enabling John tVilliams (a free Negro a e®ro" of the Island of Jamaica) and his Wife and Children, bred up in the Religion of the Church of ami

naturalized, to be Witnesses in civil Cafes, and that no Slaves may be Witnesses a gain ft them, and to provide, that they on all Occasions in the said Istand, and in other her Majesty’s Plantations, may be tried by a Jury, as other her Majesty’s Subjects are to be tried, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Menday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 30* die Aprilis;

Anno io* Ann* Regin*, 1711.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Biddulph's Theophi/us Biddulph, Esquire, for Payment of his Estate. Debts, was read the 1 bird Time; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of -

dulph, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Cotes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Ferrier reported from the Committee, to whom coal Trade, the Bill to dissolve the present, and prevent the future, Combination of Coal-owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the farther Encouragement of the Coal Trade, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table;* where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill against fraudulent Practices of Crimps.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Jermyn’s Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, in-Divorce. tituled, An Act for dilfolving the Marriage of Stephen Jermyn, the only Son of Stephen Jermyn, of London, Vol. 16.

Dr. O/ipbaut reported from the Committee, to whom Supply Bill; it was referred to examine into the Matter of a Mistake reviving cer-in an Act of Parliament, passed this Session, for reviving, tain Dutie*‘

continuing,

Debtors

Petition.

Ways and Means*

30* jlprilis.

171-1.

continuing, and appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals to be Water-borne, and carried Coastwise, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for Thirty-two Years, to raise-Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, and for supprcfling such unlawful Lotteries, and such Insurance Offices, as are therein mentioned; that the Committee had examined into the Matter referred to them and that they had directed him to report the same to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table; where it was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee have accordingly examined the Matter of the said Mistake, and find the same to be as followeth; viz.

That upon fVednesday, the 31st Day of January last, a Committee of this House came to a Resolution, that the Duties for Coals of IVale's, or the West of which shall be shipped for Exportation to Ireland, or the Isle of Man, should be two Shillings for every Chaldron,

That afterwards, viz. on Thursday, the First of February last, the said Resolution was reported to this House; and amended; and agreed unto as follows; viz.

That the said Duties for Coals of , or the West " of Great Britain, which shall be shipped for Expor-

«i

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Rates allowed to Hackney Coachmen by the former Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, and Stage Coaches, be continued to the Hackney Coachmen hereafter to be licensed, as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Twelve-peny Fare for any Distance, hot let down in the said former Act, be allowed for One Mile and Three Furlongs, or any greater Length, not exceeding One Mile and Four Furlongs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Eighteen-peny Fare fer any Distance, nor set down in the said former Act, be allowed for any.Length, being above One Mile Four Furlongs, and not exceeding Two Miles.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Power be granted to license Hackney Chairs, within the Cities of London and , and the Limits

of the weekly Bills of Mortality.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of Hackney Chairs, so to be licensed, do not exceed Two hundred at any One time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Power of granting Licences to Hackney Chairs have Continuance for the Term of 32 Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

tation to Ireland, or the Isle of Man, be One Shilling That upon every one of the said Licences to Hackney

(i for every Chaldron."

That, notwithstanding the Resolution of the Committee was amended by the House, the said Duties upon Coals are by ti e said Act of Parliament enacted to be according to the laic! Resolution of the Committee, and not as amended by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report do He upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor distressed and insolvent Debtors in the Sheriff’s Ward at St. Thomas the Apoftie, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, that the Petitioners are in fore Distress and Affliction, and are destitute of Friends, so that many of them have perished for war>t of Food, and many more must inevitably perish, unless there be an Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors: And praying, that their deplorable Condition may be taken into Consideration, and they be relieved out of Bondage.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, shall be made.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were read, and are as follow; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Power of granting Licences for Hackney Coaches, within the Cities of London and and the

Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the number of Hackney Coaches, to be licensed, bereftrained to 800; and that the new Licences, so to be

granted, be extended to all Places within Ten Miles of leaving out the Word

Chairmen there be reserved Two Shillings and Six Pence a Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners, for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, be impowered to settle the Rates for such licensed Hackney Chairs, so as the same do not exceed the Rates allowable to Hackney Coachmen, for Half the same Distance.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for making good the Sum of One hundred and three thousand and Three Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Four Pence, for the Use of such Proprietors or Inhabitants only of Nevis and St. who weie re-

settled, or shall resettle, their Plantations in the said Islands, Debentures be made out, and delivered to the said Sufferers, or their Attorneys, and be payable with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, from the making forth the fame, in the like manner, as the unsatisfied Debentures, which were charged on the Irish Forfeitures, are to be satisfied and discharged.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second of the said Resolutioas being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " and that the new Licences, io to be granted, " be extended to all Places within Ten Miles of the City " of London

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Number of Hackney Coaches, to be licensed, be restrained to Eight hundred.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

" new."

the City of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said new Licences, so to be granted, do not take Efted till after the 24th Day of 1715; and that the Power of granting the same do continue for the Term of 32 Years from thence next ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That upon every one of the said new Licences, so to be granted, ft r Hackney Coaches, within the Citiesof London and Westminster, and the Limits of the weekly Bills of

Mortality, there be reserved a Rent of 6 8 d. ptr Week, to be paid, during the Continuance thereof,

*9

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the said Licences, so to be granted, do not take Effect till after the 24th Day of June, 1715; and that the Power of granting the same do continue for the Term of 32 Years from thence next ensuing.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the Word " new."

And

b y

621

Pun ft able lu Hockley Huadi.

Supply.

XVuyt 2KI Meant

Supply Bill;

iiop Duties.

Patterson's

Claims*.

Committef s.

Payne's Debt to the Crown.

Thames

Fishery.

io Ann. 30° Aprill

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, (bamended, that, upon every one of the said Licences, so to be granted, for Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and and the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, there be reserved a Rent of Six Shillings and Eight Pence Week, to be Daid during the Continuance thereof.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Hghways between Dunstable and Hockley, in the county of ,

b; taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

.Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conxeij reported from the Committee, that they bad made a farther Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will plealc to receive the liime.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Constsalfo acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Ref Peed, T Vat this House will, upon Morn-

ing r.t-Nt, rel". Ivc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Refined, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

R fined.That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve it felt* into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon Hops.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of Willia Pat t erf on, Esquire, of several Merchants Adventurers of Scotland, and other Officers, belonging to the Ship , and of Sir

fVi/liam Douglas, were referred, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Robert Payne.

Ordered, That Mr. IVieks, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gape, Mr. Bractbridge, Mr. Campion, Mr. Lewen, Mr. Yeoman, Mr. §hackctly, Mr. Eckfyn, Sir !Vm. Barker, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. I(i.

1° Mail

Martisy i° die Mali;

Anno to* Annas Reginae, 17H.

P* AYERS.

MR. Bulteel reported from the Committee, to whom v.

the Bill for enabling John Williams (a free Negro ;,g wfiLL.,

of the Island of Jamaica) his Wife and Children, bred Negro,

up in the Religion of the Church of England, and naturalized, to be Witnesses in civil Cales, and that no Slaves may be Witnesses against them, and to provide, that they on all Occasions in the said Island, and in other her Majesty’s Plantations, may be tried by a Jury, as other her Majesty’s Subjects are to be tried, was committed; that they bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.'

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom Marquis of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Dorchester's settling the Estate of the Right Noble Evelyn, Lord Marquis of Dorchester, and William Pierrepont, Esquire, commonly called Lord Kingston, Son, and Heir apparent, of the said Lord Marquis, and also for settling the Estate of John Hall, Esquire, on the Marriage of the said IVm.

Pierrepont, Esquire, was re-committed; that there was produced before them the Will, and Codicil, made by Mr. Hall (mentioned in the Bill) lately deceased, and also certain Articles of Marriage, made between the Lord Marquis of Dorchester and the said Mr. ;and that" the Persons concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made teveral Amendments to the Bill, agreeable with the said Will, Codicil, and Articles, which Amendments they had directed him to report to the House: And be read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follows; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 27. After "agreed" leave out the Word " that" in L. 3ift.

9. L. 7. After Majesty" leave but to " that" in

L. 15.

12. L. 20. After " Grimfted" insert " West ley, East Tytherly."

13. L 39. After " appoint" leave out the whole'

Clause to And be it," in Press 15. L. 23.

15. L. 37. After " Nottingham," leave out to "to " the IJfe of themselves," in Prels 17. L. 9.

17. L. 11. After "Years" leave out "subjectas " aforesaid."

L. 21. After the Word "to" leave out "the " said Rent Charge of £. 500 a Year, and."

18. L. 32. After " Knesfball" leave out " subject to " the said Rent Charge, of j. 1,000 a Year."

23. L. 14. After "that" leave out to " they," in the 20th Line.

Pr. 28. L. 9. After "Jointures" leave out to the End of that Clause, in L. 16. r

43. L. 21. After "of" leave out "him the said."

L. 22. After " Hall" insert " late of Bradford,

" in the County of Wilts, Esquire, deceased."

L. 26. After " Hereditaments" insert "late."

L. 31. After "Hall"leave out "doth now " stand," and instead thereof insert " stood j" and in the same Line, after " Inheritance," insert " at the Time of " his Death."

L. 34. After " laid " leave out to " in

Press 44. L. 6.

45. L. 10. After " the" leave out "said John Hall," and insert " First Son on the Body of the said Rachael " Boynton by any other Husband, Ihe shall hereafter " marry, to be begotten, and of the Heirs Male of the " Body of such first Son issuing, and, for Default of

7 S such

6 a i

Man.

A. 1711

Marquis of

Borcbeftei's

Ettau.

" such Issue, to the Use and Behoof of the ad, 3d, Fourth, and all and every the Son and Sons on the " Body of the said Rachael Boynton by any other Husband " begotten, feveially and successively, as they, and every " of them, shall be in Priority of Birth, and Seniority of " Age, and the several Heirs Male of their several a-nd " -respective Bodies ifibing, every elder of such Sons, and " the Heirs Male of his Body, being preferred, and to " take, before every younger of them, and the Heirs Male " of his Body; and, m Default of such Issue, to the Use " and Behoof of the first Daughter on the Body of the

" his Death, then to the Use of such Woman, and her " Heirs, until (lie shall be delivered of such Child or "-Children., or die; which shall first happen} in Trust, " nevertheless, for such Person or Persons, to whom the " immediate Estate or Freehold of Inheritance of or in the " Premises, after the Birth of such Child or Children, " shall (according to the Limitations herein before contained) belong or appertain; and if such after-born " Child or Children shall be a Son or Sons, then to the " Use and Behoof of such after-born Son and Sons, severally, and successively, as aforesaid, and the Heirs Male

" said Rachael Baynton by any other Husband to be be- " of his and their Body and Bodies issuing; the elder,^nd gotten, and of the Heirs of the Body of such Daughter, " the Heirs Male of his Body, being preferred, and to

" and, for Default of such Issue, to the Use and Behoof " of the ad, 3d, Fourth, and all and every other Daughter " and Daughters on the Body of the said Rachael Baynton " by any other Husband to be begotten, severally, and " successively, as they, and every of them, shall be in ".Priority of Birth, and Seniority of Age, and of the " several Heirs of their several and respective Bodies " issuing, every elder of such Daughter, and the Heirs of " her Body, being preferred, and to take, before every " younger of them, and the Heirs of her Body; and, in " Default of such Issue, to the Use and Behoof of " Pearfe, of the City of Wells, in the county of ,

" Esquire, Grandsonof the late Mrs. Coward, Siller of " the said John Hall, for and during the natural Lite of him the said William Pearce, and, from and after his " Death, then to the Use and Behoof of the First Son of " the Body of the said Wm. Pea lawfully to be begotten,

" and the Heirs Males of the Body of such First Son " issuing; and, for and in Default of such Issue, then to " the Use and Behoof of the Second, Third, Fourth, and " all and every other the Son and Sons of the Body of the said Win. Pearce lawfully to be begotten, severally, and " successively, as they, and every of them, shall be in " Priority of Birth, and Seniority of Age, and the several " Heirs Male of their several and respective Bodies issuing, every elder of such Sons and the Heirs Male " of his Body, being preferred, and to take, before any H. younger of them, and the Heirs Male of his Body;

and, for and in Default of such Issue, in case such " Woman, as shall be the Wife of the said William " be enfient, or with Child, at the Time of his Death, f then to the Use of such Woman, and her Heirs, until " (he (hftl be delivered of such Child or Children, or die,

" which Avail first happen, in Trust, nevertheless, for such " Person or Persons, to whom the immediate Estate of Freehold or Inheritance of or in the Premisses, after the " Birth of such Child or Children, shall, according to the

take, before the younger; and, .for Default of such Issue,

" to the Use and Behoof of Henry Son of Sir

" Joseph Seymour.’*

Pr. 45. L. 1 2.After "for" leave out "to the said," in the next Line, and in that Line, after " Bayntun," insert " and also to and for every Person, who shall be " Tenant for Life in Pdffession, or seised of the immediate " Remainder, expedant upon the Determination of any " Lease of the Premisses, or any Part thereof, by virtue of " the Limitations aforesaid."

L. 15. After " Estates" leave out the Word " by," in L. 19. '

Lai. After " Witnesses" leave out "from time " to time."

Pr. 46. L. 22. After " for" insert " the Devisees and " Trustees of," and, in the same Line, after " Deeds," leave out the Word " to," in L. 24.

L. 25. Leave out " Manor or."

L. 19. After " aforesaid " leave out " in the said " County of Wilts."

L 30. After "erected" leave out "or to be " erected."

Pr. 46. L. 31. After " Halleave out " or to orfor " such other Uses or Purposes, as he," and insert " according to the Direction and Appointment of the last Will " and Testament of."

L. 32. After " Hall" leave out to " any," in

34-

Pr. 48. L. 3. After " them" leave out " and the said " John Hall, and his Heirs, and the said Rachell " and her Hdirs."

In the Title, L. c. After the Word " Estate" insert " late."

Sir George Newland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending the Ad made w in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" Limitations herein before contained, belong or apper- An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, was " tain; and if such after-born Child or Children shall be committed, that they had made some Amendments to " a Son' or Sons, then to the U fc and Behoof of such the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the " after-born Son and Sons, severally, and successively, as House: And he read the same in his Place; and after* " aforesaid; and the Heirs Male of his and their Body and wards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table, where the " Bodies issuing the elder and the Heirs Male of his Body same were read, and agreed unto by the House.

being preferred, and to take, before every the younger; " and, in Default of such Issue, to the Use and Behoof of " Edward Seymour, Son of Sir Seymour, Baronet,

" for and during the natural Life of him, the said Edward * Seymour the Son; and, from and after his Death, then " to the Use and Behoof of the First Son of the Body of

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Assize of Bread.

An ingrossed Bill For establishing a general Post Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum, out of the Revenues thereof, for the Service of the " the said Edward Seymour, the Son, lawfully tube begot- War, and other her Majesty’s Occasions, Wai read the " ten, and the Heirs Maleot the Body of such First Son Third time.

" issuing, and for Default of such Issue, then to the Use An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be " and Behoof of the 2d, 3d, 4th, and all and every other added to the Bill, That, and to the Intent, the Inberitthe Son and Sons of the Body of the said Edward ance of such Part of the said Duties, and Revenue, arising " Seymour the Son, lawfully to be begotten, severally, and in and by the said General Letter Office, or Post Office "successively, as they, and every of them, shall be in which is hereby vested in her Majesty, her Heirs and SuePriority ol Birth, and Seniority of Age, and the several cessors, undeterminable, as aforesaid, may be preferred in " Heirs Male of their several and respective Bodies the Crown, for the future Benefit thereof; Be it enacted " issuing; every elder of such Sons, and the Heirs Male and declared by the Authority aforesaid, that the fame, or " of his Body, being preferred, and to take, before every any Part thereof, shall not hereafter be alienable, charge younger of them, and the Heirs Male of his Body; able, orgrantable, by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, * and, in Default of such Issue, and in case such Woman for any Estate, Term, or Time, whatsoever, to endure " as shall be the Wife of the said Edxvard Seymour the longer than the Life of her Majesty, or of such King, or " Son, shall be enfient, or with Child, at the Time of Queen, as shall make such Alienation, Charge, or Grant,

respectively:

General Post Office.

V,

1

io Ann.

i® Man. 623

respectively r And that all Gifts, Grants, Alienations, and the Goldsmiths Company of London, dr any other City, is Assurances, whatsoever, to be had or made of, and charged set; and for uncertain Plate, not so marked (being re* upon, the (hid Duties, or Revenue, or any Part thereof, duced to Standard) after the rate of 5 Ounce,

contrary to the Provision of this A ft, shall be null and The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Void, without any Inquisition, Scire fncins, or other Pro- An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

ceeding, to determine, or make void, the fame. leaving out " within," and instead thereof insert "in

And the time was twice read, with Blanks 1 which " or about."

were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered, esa Ryder, to be added to the Bill, against the Post Officers, who manage the Duties in Scotland, their concerning themselves in the Election of Members to Parliament.

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Amendments following were fcvefafly pro-pofrd to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 18. L. 2. After "all" to leave out *such," and after " Roads " to leave out to " except," in Line the 4th, and after " except " to leave out " m."

Pr. last, L. To insert "for the said Offences 00mmitted in England and Scotland, respectivdy."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum, out of the Revenue* thereof, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s Occasions.

Ordered, Tl at Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Mcftage from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Rogers:

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Supply be granted to her Majesty, for the building of Fifty new Churches, and for purchasing Sites of Churches, and Church-yards, or Burial-places, and allb Houses for the Habitations of the Ministers of the said Churches, in or about the Cities of London and Westmi or the Suburbs thereof) and for making such Chapels, as are already built, And capable thereof, Parish Churches, and allb for finishing the Repairs of the Collegiate Church of St.

Peter's, JVejtmiofler, and the Chapels of the fame.

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House being informed, that the Deputy Re- Imprtft membranccr of the Court of Exchequer attended; Accountants

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Orders and Warrants, lent to the Queen s Remembrance Office, touching fereral Imp rest Accompt-ants, and a Schedule thereof;

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Orders, and Warrants, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Orders, and Warrants, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. S))caker,

J?arse», Ac. The Lords luve agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^oner*. rcnticr more cffl-ftual an Act. made in the Sixth Year *° of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending Highways, which enjoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with r, Pole between the Wheel-hotfes, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with Six Horses, or other Bealls, except up Hills, without Amendment:

Preservatioa Also, The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An tGame. Act for making the Act, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better Preservation of the Game, perpetual, and for making the same more effectual, with an Amendment; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply. Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supplygranted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk s Table: Where they were read, and are as follow; viz.

Refo/veJ, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Supply be granted to her Majesty', for the building of Fifty new Churches, and for purchasing Scites cf Churches, and Church-yards, or Burial-places, and also Houses for the Habitations of the Ministers of the said Churches, within the Cities of London and of

the Suburbs thereof, and for making such Chapels, as are already built, and capable thereof, Parish Churches, and also for finishing the Repairs of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter's, Westminster, and the Chapels of the lame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that, for the encouraging the bringing wrought Plate into the Mint, to be coined, there shall be allowed to such Persons, as shall so bring the fame, after the Rate of 5*. $d. per Ounce, for the old Standard, and 5 id. pet Ounce, for the new Standard, for all Plate, on which the Mark Vol. 16.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the African whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Mer- Company, chants Adventurers, and Creditors of the Royal African Company, and others, Subscribers for the Support and carrying on that Trade; and other Petitions referred to the Confident ion of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Annejley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Annejley reported from the Committee, that they bad made lbme Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morhing Trad* to next, at Twelve a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee America, of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, Who Abuses io were to enquire into fajfe Mustert, and other Abuses in the the Payment of her Majesty’s Guards, and allb Abuses, uar committed in relation to Chelsea Hospital, be taken into Confederation upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Justices of whole House, to whom the Bill for the better qualifying |p*ace Qu‘* Justices of the Peace for that Part of Great Britain called 1 caU011' England, was committed, be taken into Confidemtian upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered \Tha't the Report from the Committee, to ^rifs of Whom the Bill for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs ^'quo*18

of VYarrunto.

Palatines.

Dunstable to Hockley Roads.

Camelford

tledion.

Burgoyne's

Estate.

Tkames

l’ilheiy.

Arrears of Guards iu Spain,

Expiring

Laws.

624 1° — .2°

of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual, and for the more easy trying and determining the Rights of Officers in Corporations, and Boroughs, be taken into Confederation upon Thursday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who were to esquire, upon what Invitations, or Encouragement, the Palatines came over, and what Moneys were expended in bringing them into Great , and for maintaining them here, and by whom paid, be taken into further Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Mayor, Burgesses, Town Clerk, and Freemen, of the Borough of , in the County of

Cornwall, have Leave to withdraw their Petition, relating to the Election-for the said Borough of Camelford.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2® Mail;

Anno io* Ann* Reginas, 1711.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of William Burgoyne, late of the City of Exon, Merchant, deceased, during the Minority of his Son and Daughters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulteel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the eminent Traders, inhabiting at or near Billingsgate, London, in behalf of themselves, and

others, be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thame:, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, is committed, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Bill for paying and clearing a Detachment of the Guards in Spain, after the Battle of Almanza, between the 24th of August, and 24th of 1707, and for supplying the Defect of the Muster-rolls of the said Detachment within that Time, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve icself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for reviving, and continuing, several Acts of Parliament, therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Medly-cott, Mr. Price, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Gape, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Bertie, Sir 'Richard Farington, Mr. Randyll, Mr. Rozvney,

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mitton, Sir Gilbert Delben, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Bailie, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Shaker ley, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Ferrier, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. ;and all the

Gentlemen, that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, 16

Mali. A. 1711.

for continuing, and explaining, the Act, of the 5th Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, relating to the patting of Vagrants, and also to continue, and explain, a Clause in the Act, of the 6th Year of her Majesty’s Reign, relating to Buildings, mentioned in the said Act, intituled, An Act to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace,. Grand Jury, and other Freeholders, and Farmers, of the County of Gloucester, at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held the 9th Day of January, 1710, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners being truly sensible, that by reason of the great and unlawful Measures Corn is sold by in this and other Counties, by which not only the Poor are deprived of great Part of their Bread, but the Farmers are also Sufferers, for want of Standards, publickly kept in all Markets; and notwithstanding we have used our utmost Endeavours to have the Laws put in Execution, for regulating the Measures, and prosecuted Offenders by Indictments and Informations; yet it hath little Effect, by reason the Bakers, Maltsters, and other Corn-buyers, utterly refuse to buy any Corn by the lawful Winchester Measure; so that the Farmers, who have cut their Measures, and had them sealed, according to Law, are now forced to fill their Corn by the large Measure again, and run the Hazard of forfeiting the fame, as well as the other Penalties of the Statute of the 22d and 23d of King Charles the lid: And praying the same may be remedied.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, there is now in this House a Bill depending, intituled, A Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thoms, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River; which (if the same should pass into a Law) will be highly prejudicial to the Rights, Liberties, and Privileges, of the said City: And praying, that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee, if they think fit.

A Petition of several Inhabitants in and about Billingsgate Dock, within the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that whereas the publick Stairs at Billingsgate aforesaid is the Place, where common Ferry-boats take in and land their Passengers, who are carried to and from the Villages, which lie betwixt London and Gravesend; that, since the making Billingsgate a free Market, great Numbers of Fish Vessels, which ought, of Right, to have Access to the said Dock, are forced to lie at the said Stairs; by which means the Way is so block’t up, that Passengers cannot, without Danger of their Lives, take Water, or land, at the said Stairs; which has occasioned several of her Majesty’s Subjects to be drowned, and is also a very great Detriment to the neighbouring Inhabitants, and the Petitioners: And praying, that the said Abuses may be prevented by some proper Clause, or Clauses, in the Bill, now depending, for the Preservation of the Fishery of the River of;

and that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, is committed.

Mr. Duncomb reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors

to

Corn

Me«fuie;*

Thttnet

Fishciy.

Ditto.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Supply Bill; Duties on Hides*

Way*

fid Means.

Supply Pill; JI'jp Duties.

piinstable to

Hockley

Roads.

Thames

Ti/hery.

IQ Atf’N.

3° Afeii.

635;

%o accept 1 he utmost $arkfo£ion; thcyf ai£ capable.to is committed, hayc.P0.wq t9,

moke, and to re (lore to them their Liberty, was com netted; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the Hopfe: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in *£ the Clerk’s liable; where the same were once read.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

and Records.

And then the House adjourp?d till, TormflffQ)* Morning, Njne a Clock,

Jovis, 3 0 dit Maii;

Anno 10* Anns Regina^ l7llr Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Tru flees to make building Lease^ of Part of the Estate late of John Lovell, deceased, fying in

An ingrossed Bill for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Veliom, and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty’s moffc necessiuy Occasions, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed C lapfc was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, for lealing of Calve-(kins.

And the same was once, read, and, by Leave of the the City of , was read a Second time.

House, withdrawn. , That the Bill be committed to Sir

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Cave, Sir IVm, Barker, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Robtafotip Sir Pr. 19. L. 13. After Peace" to insert *«or." Richard Farrington, Mr. , Mr. Goulston, General

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. M

agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at J<mi Sir Pat. Mr. Cater, Mr. Cotes, Mr.

the Table accordingly. /*«, Captain Chapman, Mr. Wright Jon, Sir Robert Davors,

Another Amendment was, proposed to be made to the How, Mr. Sir John Mr.

Bill, Pr. 36. L. To leave out " Allowance after the ?ut' Mr- Colonel Child, Mr. Palmer, Mr.

« Rate of Two-thirds oh" Shepheard, Dr. , Mr. Berners, Mr. And,

And the Question being put, That those Words Hand- they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, ip.

Lovett’s

Estate.

Part of the Bill;

k was refolded in the Affirmative.

Another. Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 3$. L. To insert Calvc-fldns," and also to alert

the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Lawson reported from the Committee, to whom Mine the Bill for the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors, of the Company of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a omPan7’

Anti the same was, upon the Question put thereupon. Method for settling the Differences between the Com agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at p*ny, and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order the Table accordingly. to an effectual working of the Mines or the said Com-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, P»ny» was committed; that they had examined the Alle-An Act for laying certain Duties upon 1 lides and Skins, gations of the Bill, and made several Amendments to the.

Bill, which they had directed him to And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Tablp j where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one (with Amendments to fom.e of them) and, upon the Question feverafly put thereupon, agreed unto by the' House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Duke of Lee dr shall not be subject to any other than

tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum, and Parchment, for the Term of 32 Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majestys most necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desirc their Concurrence thereunto.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means voluntary Attendance, for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty. And the same was twice read, and, upon the (Question,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of (be Committee. made Part of the Bill.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

Mr. Conyers reported from th,c Committee, that they That, and foralrauch as, by the Terms of Union, hereby bad come to several Resolutions, which (hey had directed established between the said Company, and their Qrpdi-him to report, when the House will please to receive the tors, the Debts, owing by the said Company to their Cre-£unc. ditors, are to be paid, discharged, and satisfied, wish 3

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow proportionate Part of the Shares, or Stock, and in the Morning. laid Company, and not by Money in Specie; be it there-

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was fore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that the like directed by the Committee to move the House, that they Proportion of Shares, or Stock, of and in the said Corn-may have l^ave to fit again. pany, Annuities, Bonds, or Bills, under the Seal of the

Refelved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning kid Company, may and shall be accepted, taken, and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, allowed, by the hereby united Company, or Directors of to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the the lame, towards the Discharge and Satisfaction any Supply granted to her Majesty. Debt, due, and owing, to the said Company, or any Account, claimed, or to be claimed, by them, of and front Resolved, That this lleufe will, Tomorrow Morning, Daniel Peck, of Flint, Gentleman, by means of any Deal-

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ings. Agreements, Contrafts, and Transactions, with fh

laid Company, or any of them, for, and on behajf the said Company

the Bill for laying a Duty upon Hops.

the

of,

Ordered, That the Amendment, made by the Cords And the Question being put, That the Clause be to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways brought up to the Table;

between Dunfiableand Hockley, in the County of Bedford,

be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Rill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the pilhery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, Vos, 16.

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TcHcrs for.hcYeasf

T.l,ers for,h.Nces,{|^". So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

jto7.

79-

The

6i6

3* Mail.

A. 1711.

Ways and Means.

The Clause was accordingly brought up, and once read.

And a Debate arising in the House, touching the Second reading of the Clause;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Debate be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed Kim to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ayearly Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds, for Thirty-two Years, out of the weekly'Sum of Seven hundred Pounds, arising out of the Poll Office, and out of the Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellum, and Parchment, granted in this Session of Parliament, be set apart, and appropriated, for raising a Sum, not exceeding One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Contributions for encreasing Annuities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Fund be granted to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for Payment of the Interest, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the 24th of De-

tember, 1711, for the several publick Debts, and Deficiencies, for which a Supply was granted, by the Resolutions of this House the 10th of March last, and also for the Interest of the said Debts, and Deficiencies, to the 125th of December, 1711; and that such Fund be made redeemable by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the said Fund, the several Impositions, and additional Impositions, Rates, and Duties, and Sums of Money, which, by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, (amongst other Things) An Act for continuing several Impositions, additional Impositions, and Duties, upon Goods imported, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year 1710, were granted, and continued, or applied, for the Payment of the Principal Money, to be lent, or advanced, by virtue of the said Act, or the Interest thereof, shall be granted, and continued, to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the several Days and Times, for which, by the said Act, they are so granted, and continued, or applied, for ever, redeemable by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to make the said Fund more effectual, all such Tallies and Orders, as have been made out, by virtue of the said Act, made in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, shall be engrafted into and upon the said general Fund; and that the several Impositions, additional Impositions, Rates, and Duties, and Sums of Money, by the said Act granted, continued, or applied, for Payment of the said Tallies and Orders, shall be made Part of the said general Fund, for paying the said Principal, and Interest Money, during all such Time, as the same are, by the said Act, granted, continued, or applied, as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the said Fund, the Duties upon Candles, and Rates upon Money to be given with Clerks and Apprentices, which, by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, were granted to her Majesty from the First Day of May, 1710, for the Term of Five Years,

be further granted, and continued, to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, frefrn the last Day of April, 1715, lor ever, redeemable by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Proprietors of the said Debts, and Deficiencies, be incorporated to carry on t he Trade to the South Seas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That what the said Rates and Duties, before agreed to be Part of the said Fund, for Payment of the said Interest, shall fall short of paying the said Interest, such Deficiency shall be annually paid out of the first Aids that shall from time to time be granted by Parliament.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " encreasing Annuities," and to insert " Exchequer Orders, payable in Course, with a certain Encrease of Principal and Interest, according to several " classes, with the addition of Chances."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Floufe.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, that a yearly Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds, for Thirty-two Years, out of the weekly Sum of Seven hundred Pounds, arising out of the Poll Office, and out of the Duties upon Hides, Skins, Vellum, and Parchment, granted in this Session of Parliament, be let apart, and appropriated, for raising a Sum, not exceeding One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Contribution, for Exchequer Orders, payable in Course, with a certain Encrease of Principal, and Interest, according to several Classes, with the Addition of Chances.

The rest: of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions } and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Thomas Powys, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Auditor Harley, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Writs of into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Mandawi whom the Bill for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a Quo v Warranto, more speedy and effectual, and for the more easy trying and determining the Rights of Officers in Corporations and Boroughs, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, against electing Mayors, and other returning Officers, for Two Years successively.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be ‘made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for electing Corporation Officers, where the Day is elapsed.

And the same was twice read, and, by Leave of the House, was withdrawn.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofied.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad- Cull of il* journed until this Day Seven-night. House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Jenny#'* tituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Stephen l,orrt‘ Jermyn, the only Son of Stephen Jermyn, of,

Merchant, with Sarah Bell, and to enable him to marry again, be now read the Third time.

~The Bill was accordingly read the Third time.

19 Refohed,

Il.-!bl

Sup

?jnn

])[<[

Crow

so

T

F

ioAnn. 30 — 4* Maii. 6iy

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Robert do cany the Bill t9

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

IMi-nlci# Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, io-/.,rl^_to th® tituled. An Act for the Sale of the Estates of William Hub bald, and of his Father, Edward Hnbbald, in the County of Surry, for the Satisfaction of the said William HubhalcPs Debt to the Crown, and to preterve the Surplus thereof for the Uses therein mentioned, be now read the Third time.

And the Bill was accordingly read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunger]ord do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Re/ohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Robert Payne.

n.H; Refohed, That this House will, upon Mom*

Boj> ing next, resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon Hops.

Ttmmrs Ordered, That the Petitioners for the Bill for the bet* iuiKiy. ter Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company ol Fuihcrmen of the said Riser, be heard by their Count'd, before the Committee, to whom the said Bdl is commititd, if they think hr: And that Mr. Campion, Sir John MtUer, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Erie, Mr. Mew, Mr. Svrj.anc Richn Mr. Blanch, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. M..i.<!e!cn, Mr. Mr. be

added to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vi tneris, 4* die Maii;

Anno 10* Ann* Reginz, 171 x.

Pray ers.

iM.infon O I R Justinian Isham reported from the Committee, to x.iiui*. whom the ingroiFed Bill from the Lords, intituled.

An Act to veil the Ellate of Sir Henry Robinson, Knight, a Lunatick, lying in Cran/ley, in the County of Northampton, in Trustees to enable them to make a Settlement on the Marriage of John Robinson. Esquire, only Son, and Heir apparent, of she laid Sir , and for other Pur-pofi s, therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clcik’s Table.

of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

j^'Tcl,e;tess F)r settling the Estate of the Right Noble Evelyn Lord 'Lt,‘ Marquis of D>rch’Jler, and Esquire,

commonly called Lord Kingston, Son, and 1 leir apparent, of the said Lord Marquis and also for settling the Ellate late of John Hall, Esquire, on tire Marriage of the said Wm. Pierrepont, Esquire, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Cl.ic.fe was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the bill. That " Provided always, that nothing " in this Act contained shall be deemed, taken, or construed, to be any A dowance of, or any ways to approve Vor.. 11‘.

unto, or confirm, any Articles, or supposed Articles,

or Agreement, made, or pretended to be made, or " agreed upon, by or between the said Lord Marquis " of Dorchester, and the said John Hall, deceased, concerning the Marriage of the said Mrs. Bayntun with " the said Wm. Pierrepont, Esquire, commonly called " Lord Kingston, or any Portion, or Settlement, to be " given, or made, by the said John Hall, thereupon; any " thing herein before-mentioned or contained to the " contrary notwithstanding."

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to one of the Amendments, made to the Bill by the Committee, and reported, and agreed unto; viz. *

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Re/ohed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with several Amendments; to which they tiefire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Fellows:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lord for vesting in Henry Arundell, Esquire, and his Heirs, Mountagu's the Trull in the Ellate of the Lord Viscount Mountague, Estate* which is veiled in her Majesty by the Attainder of John Caryll, Esquire, for High Trealbn, without any Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made Stonebridge by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Fie,d. a certain Piece of Ground, being Part of a Field, called Stonebridge Field, adjoining to Piceadilly, in the County of Middlesex, in Trullees, to dispose of the fame, to discharge a Debt to the Crown, and to other Lies.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day were read.

Re/Jved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Ways ing next, resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole Weans* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Sir Robert Davers prdented to the House (according Regulating to Order) a Bill for the better preserving publick Credit, Brokers, by reviving, and continuing, an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of the late King the Third, intituled, An Act to retrain the Number, and ill Practices, of Brokers, and Stock-jobbers, and to preserve the Equivalent given to the Lord Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the pity of London', and the same was received.

The House resolved itfdf into a Committee of the African whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Company.

Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Annejley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Annejley reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Re/lved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Arrears of

ing next, rdolvc itself into a Committee of the whole Guards in House, upon the Bill for paying and clearing a Detach- ^"u* ment of the Guards in Spain, after the Battle of Almanza,

between

IrfOWO*

Supply.

Pd1 MS

to tie Crown.

<SaB

4° — 56 Mali. A:. r 7 eb.

bctwieft the' 24th of Angkfi\ and the 24th of 1*7^7, and for supplying the Defect’ of the Muster-rolli elf the said Detachment within that Time.

Cemutteei. Or dated'. That ail Committees, that were to meet this

Evening, be adjourned.

Thame* Ordered, That the Petitioners for the Fishery Bill Fishery. be heard by their Counsel, before the Committee: And that Mr. Campion, Lord Compton, Mr. Manly, Mr. Finch, JMr* Hungerford, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Mr. Coats, Mr.

Gape, Mr. ASton, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Ward, Mr. Price, Mr. Palmer, Mr; Wrightion, Mr. , Mr.

Chapman, Dr. Pajke, Mr. Wykes, be added to the said Committee. '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 50 die Matt;

Anno to* Annae Reginae, 1711.

Prayers.

Lord A/TR. Bracebridge reported from the Committee, to

Cdlen'i 1Y± whom the Bill for enabling Charles, Lord Vif-"ate* count Cullen, to fell the Manor and Advowson of the Church of Elmejlhorp, in the County of the

Payment of his Debts, Was committed; that they Had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; a»d that the Committee had made some Amende ments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report tb the House: And he read the feme in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question (everaily put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Jones’ Mr. Guidott reported from the Committee, to whom FJlate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable' Robert Jones, of Funmun Castle, in the County of Glamorgan, Esquire, to make Leases for three Lives or for Ninety-jfnd-nine Years, determinable on Three Lives, of the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Glamorgan, limited to himself, for Life, by his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Lands to the tJfes of that Settlement, in Lieu and Recompence of that Power, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satis&ftion of the Committee; and that the Committee bad made some Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and are as follows; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 18. After "the" add "Son."

Pr. 8. L. 34. After " complete and " add " ended."

Pr. 9. L. 29. After " Lessees" add " shall."

1. 40. After " Son" add " and."

Robinson’a An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate. to veil the Estate of Sir HKnight, a Luna-

tick, lying in Cranfley, in the County of Northampton, in Trustees, to enable them to make a Settlement on the Marriage of John Robinson, Esquire, only Son, and Heir apparent, of the said Sir Henry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Third time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered That Sir Jnfiinian Isham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Teaman, reported from the Committee, to whom Scotch the Bill to prevent Atoufes in making and whitening of J,!nenf , Linen Cloth of North Britain, and for the regulating the ami Lengths, Breadths, and equal forcing of Yarn* for each Piece, and to hinder the Exportation of Flax, of the Growth of North Britain, and all Sorts of Linen Yarn, to foreign1 Parts, was committed; that they had-mad fevered Amendments to the Bill, which they had’dtrested him to report to the House; And he1 read the same in hi*

Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The House taking Notice, that in the Bill for the *Regulating better preserving publick Credit, by reviving, and con- brokers, tinuing, the Act, made in the Eighth and- Ninth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act to restrain the Number of ill Practices of Brokers and Stock-jobbers, and to preserve the Equivalent, given to the Lard Mayor, and Commonalty-, and Citizens, of the City of London, presented to the House Yesterday, Penalties, and other things, are inserted, for which Blanks ought to be left;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw, the said Bill

And the Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

Mr. Serjeant Richardson reported from the Committee, Arrears of to whose Consideration the Petition of Sir Robert' Adair, hiih Pay. Knight, Lieutenant General Charles Rojfe, Lieutenant General Robert Ecclin, Colonel Henry Monro, Captain Richard Newjled, Captain Robert Baird, and William Hamill, Gentleman, in behalf of themselves, and the Officers, Soldiers, and others, of the lute Garisons of Londonderry and Innijkilling, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was referred; that they had considered the fame, and had directed him to report the Matter, as it appeared to them: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending the Ash*«f Act, made in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bil), Pr. 2. L. last, After "Distrel's" to insert "with ‘‘ the Costs and Charges occasioned in respect of such " Conviction and Distress."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be*

An Act for explaining and amending the Act, made in the Eighth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread.

Ordered, That Sir George Newlando carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Thames the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery fiikery. with the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Preservation Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, of Pin* Tree* An Act for the Preservation of white Pine Trees, grow- j"0^nw* ing in her. Majesty’s Colonies of New , the

Massachusets Bay, and Province of Main Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, the Narr Country, or King's Providence, and Conneiiicutt, in New England,

New Torke, and New Jersey, in America, for the malting her Majesty’s Navy:

And the feme being read, are as follow; viz.

Pr.

to Ann.

Pr. i. L 18. For " ’June" read "September."

L. 50. After " Earth" read "within Five Miles . " of the Sea, or any navigable Hiver."

Last Li no, Alter " fame" read " within Six " Months."

Pr. 2. L. to- For " "read " September."

The First of the said Amendments, being read a Sc-torftJ time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 2d of the said Amendments, being read a Second time;

Anti the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment;

It paired in the Negative.

The rest of the said Amendments were Icvcrally read a ' Second time; and, upon the Question severally put there-

upon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Heafons, to be offered to the Lords, for disagreeing to their Londships 2d Amendment;

And it is referred to Mr. Monflou, Mr. Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Bayly, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Mount ague,

Mr. Moor, Sir Hum. M Mr. Anntjley Mr. Hey-Jb.vn, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Mr. Churchill,

Lord Compton, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Captain Chapman, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Harciurt, Mr. Auditor Harhy: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

thnfUM* The House proceeded to take into Consideration the telli'cklcy Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley, in the County of Bedford.

And the lame, being read, is as follows; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 13. After "Layton" add " Symon Tay/er the elder, Symon Taylor the younger."

The laid Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Heafons, to be offered to the Lords, for disagreeing to the said Amendment;

And it is referred to Captain Chapman, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Mention, Sir Richard Fan ington, Sir Tho. Colonel By obey, Mr. Gale, Lord Compton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mauler, Sir Royer Mov, Sir 7ho. Powell, Mr. Duncomh, Mr.

Antolas, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mr. Sir

Hum. A lacklb, Mr. Cartwright, Colonel Berkley, Mr. Randy!!, Mr. Lawful, Mr. Cotton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

>u n.!.,[(] Mr. And for Harley presented to the House (according 01 to Order) a bill for altering the Standard of Plate; and

flu- same was received, anti read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Er.uging jD Refolded, That »n humble Address be presented to hc-r lol'r- Majesty. that flie will be pleased togive Directions to the Officers of the Mint, to receive in all such wrought Plate, as shall be brought to them, and to give Receipts to such Persons, as shall bring the fame, for the Amount thereof, at the frveral Rates and Prices agreed by this House to be allowed for such wrought Plate, as shall be brought to the Mint, to be coined; and that the same may be immediately coined into Shillings, and Six-pences.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That all such Receipts, to be given by the Officers of the Mint for any wrought Plate, shall be accepted and taken for the full Amount thereof in any Payments, to be made upon any Loans, or any Contributions upon any Funds, to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Vo 1. !ft.

6i 9

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Camel fowl vi leges and Elections, touching the Election for the Bo- Eleffo®. rough of Camelferd, in the County of Cornwall, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Arrears Report from the Committee, who were to consider of the ,/of T*xc». Arrears of Taxes granted by Parliament, in whoseHandi they arc, and what has been the Occasion of such Arrears.

And the said Report was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee have considered of the fame, and find as followeth; viz.

That the Committee ordered several Papers to be laid before them by the Agents of Taxes, and examined Mr.

Clayton and Mr. Shoreditch, Two of the said Agents; who gave them an Account of what Money had been paid since the 8th of December last, for the Year 1705, 1706,

1707, 1708, and 1709: And the Committee took into Consideration the most considerable of such Arrears.

That the Committee began with the Arrears due from Mr. James Taylor, Receiver for the Queen’s Houshold,

°f£ 63>4S*' ts. 2d.

And the Agents for the Taxes acquainted the Committee, that the said Taylor has paid, during his Examination, £. 3,246. 19 a. 6d. which reduces the Debt to £.60,211. ts. 8id.

As to the Occasion of this Arrear, the Agents said, that in the Year 1705 there was laid upon the Queen’s Houshold Three times more, than in former Years; and they, upon Complaint to her Majesty, that the Tax was more, than they were well able to pay, the Queen promised, Ihe would piy One-third of the Sum; so they were never assessed, in any one Year, but Two-thirds of what was given by Parliament, but have, every Year, been charged with the whole Tax; and no Part has been, paid by her Majesty, to lessen this Debt.

The next in Arrear for 1706 was William Cawthorp, for Lincolnshire, off. 5,008.18 s. n\d. and there has been paid by the Sheriff of Lincolnshire, being the Produce of the said Cawthorp's Estate and Effects, f. 549. 2 6d.

which reduces ihe Debt to£.4,459. 16 $d. which

£. 549. 2i. 6 d.hath been paid since the directing of this Enquiry.

That near f. 4,000 of this Money has been paid by Cawtkoipe to John Garland and Gall eat. Merchants in or about Gainfhorcugh and Brfg, who were Two of Cawthorp's Sureties, with Thomas,

his Son; which laid Thomas had delivered to the said Agents Notes, or Bills, of the said and Ga/leat's

(which were produced to the Committee) of £.3,968.

3 s. Sd.

That the said Thomas had, at his own Costs, taken out Seven or Eight Extents against Garland ind Galleat; buf, when the same were in force, they withdrew, and secured their Effects; and, after the Extents were returnable, they appeared again publickly in their Trades and Business, and are considerable Traders.

That £. 3,000 more of Cawthorp's Money was returned, and lodged in one Sheppard a Goldsmith’s Hands, who failed, and£. 1,500 of it was loft; and it did not appear, that Cawthorp, the Son, had any of his Father’s Money,

or Estate.

The next considerable Arrear for 1707 was of George Dixon, Receiver for Somersetshire,' being 21,750.

That he, being thus far in Arrear, came to and finding George and Joseph Newell, Goldsmiths in Lumbard-Jlrcet, Two of his Sureties, backwards in their Payments, his whole Arrears being returned to them, and paid into their Hands, an Extent was taken our; and the said Newell’s Estate and Effects were extended for Nonpayment, and they carried to Newgate, where they have remained ever since.

Thar, upon the Extent against the Newells, there was found, by Inquisition, taken the 13 December, ijoj, in Goods and Debts, to the Value off. 25,55$. a^-

7 U There

Mail.

63o

Mail

A. 1711

-There vvas, about the same time, Two or Three Statutes of Bankrupts taken against the said Newells by their Creditors.

That the Creditors, by virtue of those Statutes, had seized levenl p.ff'efts of the said Newells; particularly, the Books, wherein the Account of their Coal-dealing was kept; though the Extent was out Two or Three Days before the said Statutes.

This occasioned several Suits in the Exchequer between the Queen, and the Assignees of the Statutes; upon One of which, viz. against an Assignee, the Queen

had Judgment for £. 3,000. But is bringing a Writ of Error against the said Judgment, and hath given good Security, to answer such judgment, as shall be given against him on the said Writ.

That there was also a 2d Statute taken out by one GJfley against the said Newells, upon which there was also seized fume Effects of the Newells.

And the Committee ordering both Taylor and Offiey to lay before them an Account of what Effects they had seized of the Newells, on the said Statutes, they answered, that they were advised by Counsel, it would be prejudicial to the Creditors to make such Discovery, and that such Discovery would strengthen the Claim of the Crown against them.

That there has been paid into the Exchequer, before this Examination, by virtue of the said Extent and Inquisition against the Newells, clear of the Sheriffs Poundage, £.1,481. jls. 7 by the Sheriff of;

and by the Sheriff of Surry, for Goods sold by him, £. 496. 8 s. 6 d.and by the Sheriff of London, ffnee this Examination, £.157. ly.od.

That there has been several Parts of Ships of the said Nowells seized, and valued by the Jury, but no Writ of Venditioni exponas issued, to save the Charge of several Arrests, or Attachments; but some of the Shares have been disposed of, to the Value of £.76. 13*. 9 and, if no more can be fold, a Writ will issue for Sale of them, and an Order out of the Exchequer, for paying the same into her Majesty’s Receipt.

That there was also found, in the Inquisition, John Gerrard Debtor to the Newells £. 5,509, and that rard was one of Dixon's Sureties, against whom an Extent also issued, and he committed to Newgate, where he Hill remains a Prisoner, for the Debt of the Receiver; which said Sum, and a greater, the said , by Affidavit,

made before Mr. Baron Price, charged the said Gerrard to be indebted to them.

That there was also a Debt found, in the £. s. d. Inquisition, of Charles Mason, Esquire, for 7,500-----

And a Debt of the Marquis of Carmarthen's - - - 64177

That there were also several Lighters of the Newells seized; but the Court of Exchequer decreed them to Mr. Lake, he having a Mortgage thereof prier to the Queen’s Title.

That the Newells had an Estate at near

Highgate, of about £. 400 per Annum; which was mortgaged to Henry Guy, Esquire, prior to the Queen's Title.

That there were several other Debts found by the Inquisition: the Particulars whereof are comprised in a Book, produced to the Committee, and to which they refer; touching which, several Suits are Hill depending in the Exchequer.

As, in the Xavy Office, for 1707

In the same Office, for 170S

For publick Stocks

For Offices in West -

And for other Divisions -

And for the Navy Office in 1709

For publick Stocks

Offices in Westminster-ha

And other Divisions

That there Were sfifo Bonds of Per fin,

Browne's, and a Note of Charles for £. 480,

which were not found until after the Inquifuion taken.

And the Committee observed, that George Dixon, the said Receiver, has an Estate of about £. 300 per Annum, and his Son, George Dixon, Doctor in Divinity (who was also one one of his Sure ties, but never had One Penyof the Arrears) has also a Parsonage of£. zoo per Annum; and that an Extent hath not issued against either of the said Dixons, the Lord Treasurer thinking their same hard; and was therefore willing to fee, what the Newells Estate would first produce.

That the said Dixons have been at the foie Charge of the prosecuting the Nnvells and Gerrard, and the several

Persons, found in the Inquisition to be indebted to the Newells.

That there is Money due to the said George upon a Report of the Agents for Taxes in 1706, for extraor-dinaryAllowances of£. 191. 10 for being industrious in getting up the Money in the Country, and making early and punctual Payments into the Exchequer, upon the Land Tax in 1704; and the said Dixon craved the like Allowances for 1705, and 1706; but be had no Report for either of those Years.

That the Newells said, they have been in Prison above Three Years: They have several times petitioned the Treasury to be admitted to Bail, and have offered Bail; but could not prevail: And said, that several Sums have been loft by their Confinement.

The next Arrear, the Committee examined into, was that of Thomas Lloyd, Receiver for Chester, Denbigh, and Flint, for the Year 1708; being £. 8,069.

Of which Sum he has paid, since the Account laid before the Committee, £, 1,114. i8j. xod. which reduces the Debt to £. 6,98 1. 1 s.3 d.

That there has beet; no Process against this Receiver, or his Security; the Lord Treasurer having been pleased to indulge his Sureties, who are well able to make Satisfaction to the Crown.

That Uoyd took Bonds for divers Sums of Money, to be remitted to London-, and, for Non payment, is suing for the fame; and has made Proposals to the Treasury for the Payment of the said Debt.

That John Thornton, Receiver for ,his

Arrear,

£- d.

For the Year 1708, is - 759 ----- 7

For 1709, is - -3,4*1 — — J

That since this Enquiry he has paid £. 2,000, and has Bills in Town, to answer the rest of the Money, received by him of the Country, he being allowed the Money due to him for Recruits, and Arrears.

The next great Arrear was of Sir Wm. Re-

ceiver for London and Middlesex, for the Years 1707, 1708, and 1709, amount- £. s. d.

ingto - - - - 33,474 »2

Of which he had paid, since his Examination ----- 22,442 -

And then his whole Arrear is - 11,032 1* 9

But Sir fVm.brings in considerable Arrears, as (landing out in their respective Divisions, for several Years:

£. r. d.

387 19 10

£. s. d. 778 16 8)

330 10

2,228

975

829

347

2,036 15

4»°37 18

a

3,912 19 10

7>2Sl 7 4

s.

d.

Which being allowed, he has over-paid the abovesaid Arrear of£. 11,032. 12/. 9 by -

11,552 7 —

5l9*4 3

The

10 Ann.

5b Mail.

The Committee examining, how the Navy Office came to be so many Years in Arrear, Mr. Haves, the Deputy Treasurer, informed them, that the Pensions in the Navy Office had not been paid since , 1707;

and that they do not pay Taxes, before they receive their Pensions.

And Sir Wm. Ftizakerlysaid, he believed, the Offices in Westminster-hall were also in Arrear, because they had

not received their Sataiies: And further said (as to the Arrears in 1707) there was the Barons Certificates, for Papists doubly taxed, to be allowed on that Account.

The Committee observed, that Sir Wm. had deducted the whole Poundage of 6f though the Arrears are (landing out; and has been allowed, on his Account, for Recruit Warrants, £. 4,945. 7

Sir fVm. answered, that, though be has deduced

Poundage, yet it is not allowed him, until he passes his Accounts; and that he is daily paying Money for Recruits, which he is allowed to take out of the preceding, or current Year’s Service.

The next Arrear, the Committee took Notice of, was of James Cajiutli, Receiver for Monmouth, Anglesea, Merioneth, and Carnarvon, amounting to, and for 170S, £. s.

and 1709 - - - 7,485 5 3

That he has, since this Enquiry paid 2,814 12 —

Which reduces the Arrear to - £.4,670

And the said Receiver brings in also a-----

Deficiency in 1708, in not assessed -

*3 3

And Arrears (landing out there, for

1708 - ....

And Arrears in Mer

And more Arrears there, for 17*9 And has also Recruit Warrants, for 170S -

894 5 11

29

53

285

11

6

12

S

7

11

180 — - —

1,442 17 1

Which being deduced out of the abevesaid Arrears of £.4,670. 13/. 3 there remains ----- 3,227 16 2

This Receiver has allb Recruit Warrants in 1709, to be allowed.

The next great Arrear is of Mr.

It'iJloH, Receiver for Surry in 1708, and

1709, amounting to ... 20,304 8 9

Of which, his Security has since paid 2,611 12 —

Then there remains - £.17,692 16 9

This Receiver being so considerably in Arrear, the Lord Treasurer ordered the Money forthwith to be paid into the Exchequer; whereupon he has fold a considerable Estate to Sir Peter King, for the Sale of which a Bill in Parliament is passing; whereby, and by his Sureties, this Debt will be shortly satisfied to the Publick.

The next considerable Arrears was of Thomas Albert, Receiver for WorcesterJhiriin 1708, and 1709, amounting

to £.14,890.

And nothing of this is paid.

That in 1708, the said Receiver being prest to make his Returns, he made Affidavit, that considerable Sums were in Arrear in the Country; but, being again threatened to be removed, upon Application to the Lord Treasurer, and giving an additional Security, he was continued for 1709.

That, continuing dill in Arrear, he was turned out $ and, being threatened to be prosecuted in the Exchequer, he entered Caveats, that no Extent should issue, until he was heard , whereupon no Extent did issue, for want of an Affidavit, that the Publick was in danger of kffing the Money.

To this Mr. Albert said, that he had returned moll of the Money to London; but he had great Losses by Voi. 16,

£. d.

11,332 -

5,276 10 —

Remittances, which he was suing for, to recover; and that the Affidavits, made by him, were tiue; and that the Publick will not fuller by him.

The next Arrear is of Mr. George Howell, Receiver for South IF ales in

the Years 1708 and 1709, was

The said Receiver has paid, since this Enquiry -And has Arrears (landing out, for 1708,of£.286.1 And also Arrears and Deficiencies, very considerable, for the Year 1709.

That John Andrews was Receiver for in the Year 1709: That his Sureties entered upon his Receipt after his Death, and, by considerable Payments, have lessened the Arrears to £.7,716, on the Land Tax 5 and his Security have agreed to (ell one Part of the said Receiver’s Estate, to the Value of £.1,260, and are now in Treaty with other Purchasers for another Part, to the Value of £.3,000, and have several large Sums of the said Receiver’s personal Estate concealed from them, which they are in Hopes to discover; and have since paid £.230 more.

The Committee went on with the most considerable Arrears of Receivers for 1709; and have annexed to this Report the Sum* they were in Arrear, what has been paid since this Examination, and what each Receiver is now in Arrear.

No Accounts for the Year 1709 are yet perfedled, most of the Receivers craving Allowances for Recruit Warrants, although Mr. Brydges has paid to several of them, for such Recruits, £. 20, 3»5-

lhat the Committee have ordered the Agents for Taxes to lay before them the Arrears of the Duties on Houses at Lady-day, 1710.

Mr. Clayton and Mr. Shorediteh presented £. s. d. such Account, amounting to the Sum of 22,947 4 a

And the Receivers in Arrear for this Duty are,

For Lincolnshire, Richard Whitiingham - 490 -

Monmontbshire, James Cajwell - 282 -

Warvjickshire, John Andrews, deeea'ed 788 -

IVilt/hite, Thomas Beavon, deceased 1,500 -

Brecknockshire, Caleb Powell 411 — — 1

SouthIVales, George Howell - - 518 -

Somersetshire, Baldwin Mallett - 1,279 4 2

Somersetshrre, George Dixon - - 2,100 -

H'orcefteijhtre, Thomas Albert - 3,800; -

Suny, John Weston - - - 3,098 -

Chejhirt, Thomas Lloyd - - 8,681 — — -

Aware

Tiww.

£.22,947 4 2

That the Committee enquiring into the Occasion of those Arrears, the said Agents acquainted the Committee, that the said Dixon, Albert, Mallet, and Weston, were discharged for their Neglect in Payments:

That Andrei vs and Beavon are dead, and their Sureties, who are very able, are preparing to discharge their Arrears: And, except what Money may be wanting for the Security of Dixon, the Publick is well secured, by good Sureties, for the rest.

The said Agents also informed the Committee, that there has been raised by the Duty on Houses, since her Majesty's Accession to the Throne, to Lady-day, 1710 - - - 1,124,074 10 9

Of which there has been paid into the Exchequer - - - 1,101,127 6 7

So that the Remainder, in Arrear,) , as above, is - - - ( "»« 1

That the Committee also ordered the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties to lay before them the Arrears of the said Duties, and in whose Hands such Arrears are; distinguishing the present Distributors, and such as are dead, or displaced.

Thel'e Accounts being laid before the said Committee, they proceeded into the Examination of them; and find,

that

so.

Arrears of Taxes.

633

that the Arrears due from the Distributors dead, or displaced, amount to

That the present Distributors had in

Hand a Stock, on the First of August,

1710, which is the Time the Distributors make up their Accounts - - 40,603 5 5

That there was then in the Warehouse, of Stampt Paper, and Parchment - 12,143 6 n

And of unstampt Paper, and Parchment ..... - t,i04 4 5

Stock in all - - £53,851 16 9

As to the Arrears of the Distributors, dead, or removed, the Commissioners. gave the following Account: That Richard Aglionby, for Cumberland, his Arrears were £831. 9 s.3 d.He gave Bond in 170a, and his Two

Sureties were returned worth 400 a Year each: He was

removed in 1707; but his Sureties became insolvent, and Aglionby was prosecuted to an Extent: He has l'ome Estate, for which a Levari will issue next Summer, for the Profits: He has also a Place in the Ecclesiastical Court, out of which he promises to pay 50 per Annum.

Anthony Boyce, for Bedfordshire, bridgshire, and Huntingtonshire, his Arrear s. d.

is.....- a,708 16 6

He was Distributor from 1699 to 1707, and is now in Gaol: He had several Persons bound as his Sureties; but all proved insolvent, except one Bellamy, who paid £. 500, the Penalty of his Bond, which reduced the Debt to what it now is; and several Prosecutions have been had against the other Sureties.

Humphry Burton, Distributor for Devonshire, £ s. d. his Arrear is 608 9 3

He was removed in 1708; and his Security, though good, have not yet paid this Balance.

Joshua Clover, For the East Riding of York- £. s. d. shire, his Arrear is - - - - 844 1 —

His Securities are dead, without Assets: He was removed in 1708, and gave no new Security from 1702: Clover was prosecuted, and reduced to Poverty: So, by Order of the Lord Treasurer, further Prosecution against him was suspended

Peter Clinton, Distributor for Cornwall £. s. d. and Dorsetshire, his Arrear is - - 1,500 17 1

He came in on the First Duty, and continued till 1704: His Security were prosecuted; but nothing recovered, except of Robert Coker, who paid £. 500, the Penalty of his Bond.

Another of his Sureties, Maximilian Gollop, was prosecuted; who being in mean Circumstances, by Order of the Lord Treasurer Prosecution was suspended.

That Benja. Collett, for Worcestershire, he £. s. d. was removed in 1703, and then in Arrear 377 10 5

An information was exhibited against him in the Court of Exchequer, and, upon a Demurrer thereto, several Arguments have been made, but no Judgment yet given therein; and Prosecution against Henry Collett, one of his Sureties, was suspended by Order of the Lord Treasurer.

George Maynard, Distributor for York, £. s. d.

his Arrear is 1*250 *3 3

That he came into this Employ in 1690, and no fresh Security was taken, from thence, to the 23d of October, 1703: That he was removed in 1706, and his Effects seized, which lessened the Debt to this Sum; and Extents also issued against his Sureties, but they found worth nothing.

£. s. d.

George Nevell, for Staffordshire, in Arrear 384 18 3

He was removed in 1709, and his Arrear will quickly be satisfied.

£ ' d-

George Clements, for Wilt shire, his Arrear is 338 1 6

He is lately dead: But this will soon be paid.

Timothy Westby, for Berkshire, his Arrear is 985 x 8 9

He had no Security renewed,^from 1700, to the 23d

171

of September, 1703: He continued in the Employ till 1707; is now in Gaol; and Prosecutions' against Three of his Sureties are suspended by Order of the Lord Treasurer; and that Edward Steward, one other of his Sureties, though reduced to a low Condition, has paid, and promises to pay, £. 50 per Annum.

And that there are several other Arrears, of a small Value, of which the Committee make no mention.

And other Arrears, due for Distributors, before the Queen’s Accession to the Throne, as follows; viz.

William Collins, of Worcestershire, who was £. s. d. removed in 1698: His Arrear then was 538 — — That he was prosecuted, and had an Estate, of £. 30 per Annum, seized into the Queen’s Hands: The Lord Bellamont was his Security; and there is a Bill filed against the Lady Bellamont, and her now Husband, to discover Assets.

Charles Earl, for Cornwall, was removed in £. s. d. 1700; and his Arrear was - - 640 17 4

He is reduced to great Poverty: His Security was only John Atkins, bound in £. 500, who is not to be found: An Extent issued against him; but the Sheriff can’t find any Estate of his.

£ d.

Charles Jones, for Radnorshire, his Arrear 208 15 — He was removed from his Employ in 1700; and is dead, leaving no Assets; and his Sureties are in Gaol.

Francis lfaackfon, for Hertfordshire, his £. s. d. Arrear is - - - - 493 4 11

That he wasdifplaced in 1700; and since died, leaving no Assets: His Security, being sued, pleaded. Ire was removed to another District, after they had entered into Bonds for him; so were not answerable for him, while in his new District; and no new Bonds being given upon his Removal, and the Matter doubtful, no further Process was had therein.

Richard Marriot, for Norfolk, was removed £ s. . A. in 1698: His Arrear - - - 114 9 5

He, and his Security, are poor; and Prosecution against them was suspended by Order of the Lord Treasurer.

The Commissioners for the Stamp Duties, in Answer to Arrears, informed the Committee, that they are obliged to give the Distributors Credit, that they may have Stocks to supply the Country with stamp Parchment, and Paper, to, at least, £. 6 or 700 for a County; for which they take as good Security, as they can get:

That they have an Inspector, to enquire into the Sufficiency of the Securities proposed; who generally informs himself by the Justices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen of the Counties, within the District, of each Distributor, and where their Securities live:

That the Distributors return their Accounts upon Oath, yearly, to the Commissioners, of the Money received, and their Stock in Hand:

That they have also their itinerant Officers, whorarca Check upon the Distributors:

That the Distributors have in the Pound allowed them for what they distribute, as an Encouragement; but this is not allowed, until they clear their Accounts; and this Money, if answered, will lessen the Arrears.

The Commissioners of the Stamp Duty also repre'-fented, that this Duty is of 17 Years (landing; and that there has been received for the fame, and paid into the Exchequer, nigh a Million and half of Money; and that the whole Arrear of insolvent Persons will not be above £. 8 or 9,000, and that, by Indulgence to Distributors, and their Sureties, many times they become able to pay some Part of their Arrears.

The are several other Arrears from divers Distributors, of small Value, amounting to £. 897, of which, the Commissioners said, £. 469, will prove bad Debts; and the Remainder, being £. 428, will be paid in a short time; of which the Committee make no mention.

That the Committee having ordered the several Officers’ of the Customs to lay before them an Account of Arrears of Customs, due from Collectors, dead, or displaced

14 Mr.

,0

Maii.

£ i. d. 12,723 10 —

Mail. 33

Mr. Holt, Comptroller General of the

Customs, laid before the Committee ao t. i.

Account of such Arrears, from 16S*, to Michaelmas, 1710; amounting to 76,072 9 6t

And Michael Wicks, Colkdor for London, of - ... 8,473 tl IOJ

in Bonds, the said Wicks, of - - 28,178 15 1

And old insolvent Bonds, in the Re* membranccr's Office, of Merchants, many Years under Prosecution, of 43,392 5 8|

Total - - 156,217 2 3*

And tire Accounts of the several Collectors of Liver-fools, Falmouth, Milford, GlouFew Whitehaven, and Deal, are not yet lettled, for want of Vouchers:

And the Accounts of other Collectors for Lyme, Deale, Liverpool:, Plymouth, Southampton, Whitehaven, and , are now depending for Examination; s. d.

amounting to - - - - 6,001. 4. 4.

That Mr. Bridges, Solicitor of the Customs, laid be-

fore the Committee an Account of Coiledors Bonds in Process, and also of other Coiledors, not in Process, whose CircumfUnces have been equired into by him, or his Assistant, by Order of the Commissioners; together with t!.e State and Time of their Arrears, according to the Comptroller General's Account, at above.

That the Committee, upon Perusal of the said Account, and Examination of the Solicitor, observed, there was a considerable Sum due from Thomas Clinton, Collector of Bar nf!able, when he absconded in 1704; which, by the Penalty of one Bond, paid by one of his Security, which was given in 1705, and an Extent against the said Clinton, and Bernard, there was recovered £. 3,000, which reduced the Debt to £ ATI-os 7i The other Security, viz.Sir Simon Dewes, and the Lady Dewes, being lued on a Bond, by them entered into in 1691, they pleaded, that the Force of the Bond determined Six Months after the Death of King William; and that the Debt for Customs was cleared to that Time.

And the Solicitor acquainted the Committee, that the then Attorney General, being attended, was of opinion, the Plea was god: So no further Prosecution was had thereon, the Suit being in the said Attorney’s Name; and in his Power to flay Process, when be pleased.

That the Committee, observing, that the same Plea had been pleaded, and was ready to be pleaded, by several other Securities for divers Collectors, and that a great Loss had happened to the Revenue thereby, enquired, if any new Deputations had been given after the King's Death, or any new Security Bonds taken; and ordered Copies of the Bonds, taken in the Reign of King William, and her pielent Majesty’s Reign, to be laid before them.

That, uj>on Perusal of the Bonds (delivered by Mr. Cari asse. Secretary of the Customs) taken in King liam's Reign, the Committee obkrved the Obligation to be, h\egi, hsTcdibw vdsuccessor Juis\ and the Condition, that the Collator shall, so long as he shall continue, and be employed, in his Office, well and truly collect, receive, and pay, all such Sum, as shall arise, grow due, and payable, to his Majesty:

That the Obligation in the Bonds, on the Queen's Accession to the Throne, was, Regina, ribus, vel affrguat' fuis; the Condition the fame, a6 in King William's Reign:

But fmee the Pica in Clinton's same aforesaid, the Bonds have been altered; and now the Obligation is, Regina, haredibus. vel exeattoribus, fuis; and the Condition, that the Collector shall, to Jong as employed by virtue of his Deputation, or any other Authority whatsoever from her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, well and truly collect and receive all and every Sums, arising, and payable, to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors.

That the Commissioners of the Customs, attending the Committee, in Answer to the Matter above, said, they were very much surprised at the Plea of Sir Simon Dewes, in Clinton's Cafe, and represented the same to the Lord Treasurer; whereupon, by Advice of the Attorney and Vot. 16.

Solicitor General, in 1707 the Bonds were altered: And further said, that the Condition of the Bonds, taken in King Charles the cd, and King James the ad, Reign, were the lame, as in King William's Reign; and that it never Was the Practice of the Commissioners of the Custotns to renew Security Bonds, on the Demise of the Crown, tho’ they renewed Deputations: There were none taken on the Demise of King Charles, Abdication of King James, the Resolution, or Death of Queen Mary, as supposed need-lets: That the Commissioners acquiesced under the Opinion of the Attorney General, and did not proceed to Trial, for fear of giving Notice to other Securities; but have (ince recovered several Sums upon the like Bonds.

And Mr. Godblphiu said, he had been a Commissiontfr of the Custotns for 19 Years, and was so at the Death of King William', and produced the Commission, wherein there is a Claufr, for appointing him Register of all trading Ships, and to excuse his Attendance at the Board: And laid, he was not there from Christmas, 1701, to May, 1705, but on extraordinary Occasions: And further said, he was not present at signing of the new Deputations after the Death of King William; and seldom attended the Board, but when he was sent for, on extraordinary Occasions, or when he went to present Memorials to them.

And the Committee asking the Solicitor of the Customs, upon the renewing the Bond, whether, in the Condition of a Collector's Bond, there are Words sufficient to make the Sureties liable to answer for Moneys, received by the Collector before the Date of such Bonds; he answered, that the Attorney General was of opinion, that the Condition of those Bonds did not operate by Rctrospect, so as to make the Security liable for Money, received before the Security given.

That Sir Fra. Blake was Security for James Collector for Berwick, in 1693: That the Collector died insolvent, in Arrear£.574. or. i\d.

That Sir Fra. said, he had no Demand made for the said Arrear in 14 Years time; and, being demanded in 1707, be petitioned the late Lord Treasurer for divers Allowances; which was referred to the Commissioners of Customs; and, on their Report, ordered Sir Francis to be discharged, on his paying £1200: That, during the present Enquiry, Sir Fra. paid this .200 into the Exchequer, and produced a Receipt for the Money.

As to the other Collectors in Arrear, and their Sureties (except such, as hereafter are taken Notice of) the Committee refer to the said Account, given in by the said Solicitor of the Customs, marked N* 1.

That, in 1697, Henry Beaum ollector for Bridgwater, was in Arrear £.332. 16j. 2 and died in-

solvent: That Henry Slingtr, and Sir Thomas Beaumont, were his Security: That Sir George Beaumont (a Member of this House, who enjoys Sir Tho. Estate) is now sued; but the Sheriff won’t return the Writ, because of Sir George's Privilege.

That Sir Geo. acquainted the House, that Henry Beaumont had been dead 11 or 13 Years; and he never heard any thing of this Debt, till lately: And said, he would not inlist on Privilege in this Matter; and has since put in an Appearance.

That John Saufum, Collector of Bristol, absconded in July, 1708, when he was in Arrear to the Crown £. 13,969. 5 s.4! d.One of his Security, Robert Bret ton, died insolvent. before Saufum absconded.

Thomas Walker, another Security, pleaded the same Plea, as in Clinton's Cafe; the Bond bearing Date the 26th of March, 1700, and no new Bond taken from

SAufnm, after the Death of the King, till 29th September, 1707; and then John Goddard, Efauire, became bound for him in £. 15,000 Bond: Who said, that Saufum bad paid above £. 16,000 more than he load received, after the said Mr. Goddard became his Security: In the Condition of which Bond there is no express Mention of any Retrolped.

Upon this, the Committee ordered the Accounts of Mr. Saufum to be laid before them by the Comptroller General; by which it appeared,

7 X That

Arrears ot Taxes

.5* Mail.

A. i 711.

Arrears of That on the 42ct August,-i |02, Sau-' £. s. d.

Taxes. fumwas indebted, besides Bonds - 29,0x35 11 3$

That at Michaelmas, 1707 (before the said Mr. Goddard became his Security) his Debt was, besides Bonds - 3°>534 9

And that, by another Account, from,

1707, to the Time of Ss absconding, he had paid £.130,525. i2i. n|i. and had received only £.114,054. 145. ic \d.within that Time; so that his Payments exceeded his Receipts£.16,470. i8r. 1

But the £. 30,534. q i{ in Arrear at May, 1707, is not brought into this last Account:

Which said £. 16,470. 18 lid. Mr. Holt believed, had been applied to pay Arrears, due at Mi-

chaelmas, 1707.

And Saufum affirmed, that he had paid above £.x 6,000 more than he had received, after Mr. Goddard became Security for him.

That, although the Comptroller General charges him with £. 13,969. 5 j. 4$ d. in Arrear, yet he doubts not but to discharge himself of £ a,000 thereof by proper Vouchers.

That he remitted £. 8,000 more of that Arrear by Mr. Gouldney, then a Merchant at of good Credit,

who had also Dealings with one; and their

Estates and Effects, with the said Saufum % also, are extended by the Crown, and the Matter now under Pro-lecution in the Exchequer; and there are several other Persons found, on the Inquisition against Saufum, to be indebted to him: To which Account the Committee refer, marked N° 1.

That Richard Eaglesfetld, Collector for in 1705,

died insolvent, and was in Arrear£. 3,483. 16 r. 4 and his surviving Security, Griffin and , have pleaded, as in Clinton's Cafe.

That Richard Bretton, Collector of Dover in 1703, was in Arrear £. 4,313. 191. 8 and was then preferred, from this Collection, to be a Commissioner of the Customs; and he, being removed from that Commission, hath now a Patent Office of £. 200 at the Custom-house; and his Salary is stopt, towards Payment of his Debt; which, together with an Estate near Dover, worth about £. 1,800, will be liable to answer a Debt of £. 4,700 due from him to Mr. Saufum.

That Edward Scarborow, Collector of Lherpoole in 1705, was in Arrear £. 16,953. 3J. 8$d. He ran away, and loon after died: He gave Security only for £. 2,000 in 1689, and Security for the like Sum in 1694; and in 1703 renewed his Security for the like Sum.

That the Security, taken in 1689, and in 1694, have fbme pleaded, and the others at Liberty to plead, the same Plea, as in Clinton's same aforesaid: And, as to the Security in 1703, Smallw, one of his Securities, is very much indebted to the Crown, upon his own Account } and Smallwood, and Hartley, his other Surety, have given a collateral Security to pay £. 500 each, being half the Penalty of their original Bond.

That John Bye, Collector for in 1697, was in

Arrear £.7,495. 13 s. yd. He had an Act of Parliament, to compound the Debt, but did not proceed thereon.

That in 1705, Mr. Collector {ox Sandwich,

was in Arrear £.2,010. 17 10 He ran away; and

John Swinfen, one of his Sureties, had all his Goods seized, and fold for £.26. 3s. 4 The other of his Sureties was Charles M Esquire; whole Estates in Shropshire and Montgomery were seized; but there are Engagements prior to the Queen’s Bonds.

The Committee, observing the great Arrears of Col-leftors, ordered an Account of the yearly Produce of the Customs in the several Ports in England and (Vales, for the Years 1709 and 171 o, to be laid before them; upon ' comparing of which with the Account of Arrears of Collectors, dead or displaced, they find, that many of their Arrears exceed the yearly Produce within their respective Collections.

That the Commissioners of the Customs being examined concerning such Arrears;

Mr. GoJolphinsaid, that tin/ there are monthly Ab-

strafts, and quarterly Accounts, from the Collectors; yet their Debt does not appear to the Commissioners, until their Accounts are stated by the Comptroller General, which may be Two or Three Years after:

That, when they find any Collectors running confides-ably in Arrear, they press them to make Returns; on Failure whereof, they ordfcr their Solicitor to prosecute them, and their Sureties; as they did upon Saufum, and divers others, as appeared by several Letters and Memorials, produced to the Committee:

That, as to the Observation, that the Collectors Arrears often exceed the yearly Produce; they lay, it may so happen in some of the smallest Ports, by reason of a Tobacco Ship’s coming in there by Chance, which greatly augments the Customs; and by reason of the Uncertainty of Trade, during the War; as at Dover, Carlisle, Boulton, Pad/low, and- many other Places.

As to that Part of the Commissioners Answer, which relates to the Comptroller General, he said, that the Commissioners may monthly lee each Collectors Debt; for that monthly Abstracts are returned to the Commissioners by the Comptroller, within 15 Days after every Month; and nothing can be more certain, to ground an Exchequer Proceis upon, than tl.cfe Abstracts, which are the Debt, stated under the Collector’s ow-n Hand; and the Commissioners of the Customs may order Process thereupon, when they please.

That the Solicitor of the Customs presented another Account, marked N° 1,

Of insolvent Bonds of Merchants in £. s. d. London, to the Amount of 35,284 1 3$

Of Bonds in London, supposed to be good in Part, under Prosecution - 13,291 1 6$

Of Bonds, that stand in Arrear in the Custom-house Books, tho’ really discharged, but not brought regularly to the Queen’s Account - 3,493 *9 1H

Also, Bonds for Plantation Duties in the Port of London, delivered into the Remembrancer’s Office many Years ago, which are either insolvent, or discharged by Exportations; amounting to .....15,14$ i° 8t

In all - £. 67,214 13 si

The said Solicitor of the Customs also presented to the Committee another Account of Bonds in Arrear in the Out-ports, marked N* 3; viz.

Ofinfolvent Bonds, which have been in Process to Extents, but the Parties either dead, or no Effects found , great £. s. d.

Part of which Bonds are of long Handing (some before the Resolution) amounting to - 7,726 10 2J

Bonds, supposed to be good in Part, or the Whole, under Prosecution, amounting to £.20,781. i6j. i{ Part

of which, viz. £. 7,481. 3J. x being discharged by Payments, Debentures, and otherwise, the whole Debt, remaining in Prosecution, is£. 13,300.

12s. 3d. - - - - 13,300 12 3

Bonds, which appear to be paid by the respective Merchants to the proper Collectors, or their Clerks, but the Money not brought to the Queen’s Account; amounting to - 5,944 19 3

Total - £. 26,972 1 6i

Upon perusing this last Account of N* 3* the Committee find several Bonds entered into by divers Merchants of Bristol, now under I’rofecu- £. s. d.

tion; amounting to - - - 6,714 7 3

And Bonds, laid to be paid by the respective Merchants of Bristol to Mr.

Saufum, or his Clerks; amounting to- 4,437 11

And

Csooeie

lo Ann.

And that diver* of these Merchants produced to the Comm'ttve several Receipts, under the Hand of B<ech, Cicrk. and Cullrer to Mr. and

Beech, Clerk A (Tift ant to Thomas . in Discharge of fcv.rai of those Bond'? and others produced promissory Notes under the respective Hands of Thomas and Beech, winch, the Merchants affirmed, they paid on Account ol their Bonds for Customs, but could never get the Bonds delivered up; and the same are returned to tire C >nimiiT*.o lers of the Customs by Mr. Saufon, as not f.itnfi-d; and the Merchants have been often threatened w th Extents thereupon; and the Commissioners have r.ot pr 'iccuted on the said Bands, and yet refuse to deliver them up.

Th.t mht Beech, being examined by the Committee, laid, that Th'.mas Beech, and himself, gave the Merc! unts divers Receipts, and promissory Notes, for Money, by them paid in Discharge of their Bonds; and the M oney was cither paid into the publick Calli, or applied to Mr. Sa-if.tm's private Use; and owned, that several «t die Sums, lo received, were not entered into the Calli Book; and that lie did not acquaint Mr. there-

's.th, beingo dered to the contrary by Thomas Beech.

That the Merchants produced several Rated Accounts, under the Hinds of Mr. Renand Mr. Elbmd^e, (the no-.v Collector and Comptroller of Bristol, taken by Order of the CommifiTnners of the Customs) between the Merchants and Saafum.

That Mr. Saufum, in Answer to this last Charge, relating to the Merchants of Bristol, said, hedoes not kn<w of any Moneys, paid to Thomas or Benja. Beech, in Dil-clurge of the Merchants Bonds, otherwise than as he finds by the Cash Book; but owns, Thomas Beech was his Clerk, and Benja. Beech his Clerk Assistant; and think', ’tts hard to be answerable for Bonds, discharged by his Agent in publick, or private, Houses, and not entered into the publick Books of the Office, a* they ought to be; and thinks, *tis strange, that the Merchants Hi iu!d, in answer to a Letter of his, acquainting them, that their Bonus would be put in Suit, desire further Time, and take no Notice, that the Bonds were satisfied.

That, as to the Charge of Mr. Wicks, for London, who Was displaced in 1693; by the Accounts of the Comptroller General of the Customs, they amount, in Bonds and Money, £.56,752. 7 s.of

That there has been several Prosecutions in the Exchequer, Ibr 17 Years past, relating to this Anvar; and the Matter now lies before the Auditors ot thelmpreft, f. r tl.cir Hating of the Account, which !s very intricate r.n 1 |crp’.ext, as appeared by a Report of the Attorney General to the- Lord Treasurer in March, 1705;

6.35

wherein he also Civ?, that he believes, it will cost the Crown as much, or more, than will be recovered in the Event; and that the Treasury, on hearing all Parties, might speedily end this Controverly, while an Act, enabling the Treasury to compound with Mr. was

in force, which would determine Lady-day then next.

That the said Act expired, without any Composition made.

And the Executor of Mr. IVickts said, that all the Estate of Mr. Wick's has been extended by the Crown, and is still subject to those Extents; though, upon the Balance of the Account, made up by Mr. , Comptroller of the Customs, in 1693, when was discharged, Wickes was charged only with £.2,386. 3/. 5 in Money, besides Bonds, which has been since paid 1 and yet Mr. Holt, the present Comptroller, had returned him in Debt £.8,473. us.lof in Money, and, in Bonds, £. 28,278. 15J. 2d.

And further said, that Bonds, to the Value of the said Bonds above-mentioned, were (vized by the Officers of the Customs; which were never prosecuted, though often deli red so to be.

Mr. Gran ger,a Custom House Officer, said, that he has Bonds relating to Wickes' Account, in his Custody, and they are called rejected Bonds. And

Mr. Godopbinsaid, that the Matter, relating to Mr.

Wickes, has been 17 Years in Process in the Exchequer, and now lies before the Auditors of the Imprest for stating; and that the Commissioners of the Customs have not been wanting to prosecute for the Recovery of this Debt.

That the Arrears of Customs from £. s. . the present Collectors, at Michaelmas,

17to, amount to, in Money - - 4,439 7 if

in Bonds - -143,441 12 5I

And that the greater Part of the Money was remitted in Quarter.

That there remains in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs, unapplied, and undirected to the ieve-ral Branches of the Customs, the Sum of - 2,708 12 7

Of which, since this Enquiry, there has been applied to the publick Uses - 1*847 — - 11

So there remains only in the Receiver General’s Hands, of unapplied Money ----- 961 12 8

5" Mail

An ABSTRACT of the whole Arrears; distinguishing, what was due from the Receivers the 8th , 1710;

what has been since paid; and what each Receiver is now in Arrear.

In Arre.ir 8th Jjrremlitr, 1710. What hat been paid since. What each Receiver is now in Arrear.

£ d. £ x. d. £ X. d.

63,458 I 2f 3,246 19 6 6o,21l I 8f

5,008 18 uf 549 2 6 4>459 Si

21,750 — — 158 13 — 21,591 7 —

8,oy6. 1,114 18 10 6,981 1 2

4,180 2,000 2,180

7*485 5 2,814 12 — '4,670 13 3*

33,474 12 9 22,442 11,032 12 9

20,304 8 9! 2,611 12 — 17,692 16 9f

14,890 - 14,890 — 1

*i>332 Lr» >> O 0 1 6,055 10 —

59 4 9i 59 4 9§

189 18 6 189 18 6 -

2,637 882 15 11 L754 4 1

C\ mi t ies.

Queen’s Uoufliold

T.incoln -

Somersetshire Chester, Denbigh,& Fiint

Lancaster -

Monmouth

Lo ft cl on, Midiiiesex

Surry -

Vvcrcester -

South Wales, for 1709 Bedford -

B.-rks -Bucks - - r

Vol. 16.

, James Taylor, 1705, 1706,7

I 1707, 1708, and 1709 -j Wm. Cawthorp, for 1706 George Dixon, for 1707 -Thomas Lloyd, for 1708 -(John Thornton, for 1708,8

I i?°9, - - ‘ -5

John Caiwell, for 1708, and 1709 (Sir Wm. Kitzakerly, for 1707,] t i;c8,1709 - - -5

John Weston, for 1708, 1709 -Thomas Albert, for 1708, 1709 Geo. Howells, for 1708, 1709 -A nib. Reddell

Lau. Ambrose -

Rogers and Horton

Cambridge

Arrear* of , Taxes.

Arrears (A Tweet*

Hindon

Writ.

JEnfranchis-ing Williams, a Negro.

636 5°- — 70 Mail. A. \ ~i 11.

Counties. Receivers Names. In Arrear 8th December, 1710. What has been paid since. What each Receiver is now in Arrear.

s. d. 1. X. d. £ s. d.

Cambridge - - Tho. Richers - ai 676 — — 377 12 lOf 298 7 H

Chester, Denbeigh - Edward Conway - - - 2,618 *7 6 *.493 l6 i M25 10

Cornwall - - Fra. Manet on - 587 — 4°3 l6 71 183 3 4

Cumberland - Tho. Broughem - - m 1 575 — — 400 — *75 —

Derby - Samuel Bradftiaw - - 661 7 %\ - - 661 7 8$

Devon - Samuel Burrige - - 37* *3 10 - 3 78 13 10

t)evon - Jof. Qualh - - - 3*4 14 4 - - 3 >4 *4 4

Dorset - John and Benja. Derby - - *7 12 11 to — — 117 12 11

Durham - - Fra. Wyvill - - - 6,464 — — 6,281 l6 5 182 3 7

York Ditto - - - 2,108 — 1,590 19 7 5*7 5

Glocester - ’ m John Rogers - - 246 xc 3 246 *5 3

Hereford - Samuel Clarke - *,*45 10 - *.*45 10

Hertford - - Robert Peters - - 493 9 Si - - 493 9 Si

Kent Wm. Foflett - - *1*3 *5 H 88 6 18 9 236 16 9

Lincoln - Van. Bonner - - *»358 — 1,295 *7 7 62 2 5

Lincoln Richard Whittingham m - 5*335 — — 3,003 2,335 —

Northampton - John Cooper - 6 57 — — 300 — — 357 — —

Norfolk - Robert Browne - - 2»4°5 — — 2,000 — — 405 — —

Norfolk - 1 Wm. Pacey - m - 80 if - - 80 II 6 i

Nottingham - John Bury - 146 *7 4 - - 146 l7 4

Oxon Miles Parker - - 1*481 10 — 1,279 11 10} 201 18 li

Salop Geo. Holier - - - 7*393 — - Si 7*7* 3 7 221 16 *oi

Stafford - Samuel Baley m - 24 2 4 24 2 4

Somerset - Bern. Hutchins m - 988 5 8f 988 5 H

Southampton . Thomas Austin m IB 6,662 7 6,634 *9 3 27 7 *l

Suffolk - . - Wm. Linch - - 196 2 9i 196 2 9i

Surrey - Child and Nerlhall 4.705 — 3*755 — — 95° —

Sussex - Antho. Springale - - - 5*7 >8 — — 3,600 — — 2,118 — —

Sussex - John and Wm. Dee - - 2,346 9 — f 1,700 _ — 646 9 — f

Warwick - - John Andrews - - 7»7l6 1 2 230 — — 7,486 1 2

Worcester - - Thomas Longden - - - 3»48t — — 3,100 — — 38x — —

Wilts - Thomas Beaven - 3* 47 2 — — - - 3.472 — —

North Wales - - Caleb Powell - - 4,140 16 10 3,000 — — 1,140 16 10

Scotland - - - Arch. Douglals 1 " - 3*9°a l7 5 1*370 — — 2.532 l7 5

' L 272,596 8 8 92,*57 1 ii 180,439 7 6*

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that there Was in Arrear, the 8th Day of December, 17x0, of the (e-veral Land Taxes for Five Years, ending the 24th of Marth, 1709, the Sum of Two hundred Seventy-two thousand Five hundred Ninety-six Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Eight Pence j of which there was (landing out, the Beginning of April, 1711, the Sum of One hundred Eighty thousand Four hundred Thirty-nine Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Six Pence Half-peny.

Resolved, That the not obliging the Receivers of the Land Taxes, and other Receivers of the publick Revenues, to pay the Moneys, by them received, into the Exchequer, according as they were required by Law, has been a great Loss to the Publick, and one Caule of the Debts of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, f die Maii'>

Regina;, 1711.

Anno 10* Anna;

Praters.

S\RDER E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his " Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in thispre-sent Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of mils, in the room of George Motley, Esquire, de«

ceaied.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling Joint Williams ( a free Negro of the Island of Jamaica) his Wife, and Children, tired up in the Religion of the Church of England, and naturalized, to be Witnesses in civil Cafes, and that no 18

Slaves may be Witnesses against them, and to provide, that they on all Occasions in the fair! Island, and in other her Majesty’s Plantations, may be tried by a Jury, as other her Majesty’s Subjects are to be tried, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for enabling John Williams (a free Negro of the Island of Jamaica) his Wife, and Children, bred up in the Religion of the Church of England, and naturalized, to be Witnesses in civil Cafes, and that no Slaves may be Witnesses against them, and to provide, that they on all Occasions in the said Island, and in other her Majesty’s Plantations, may be tried by a Jury, as her Majesty’s other Subjects are to be tried.

Ordered, That Mr. Bulteel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling Charles, Lord Viscount LordCu'W, Cullen, to fell the Manor and Advowson of the Church of F.(Ut«. Elmefthtrp, in the County of Lfor Payment of his Debts* was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for enabling Charles, Lord Viscount Cullen, to fell the Manor and Advowson of the Church of in the County of Leicester, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Bracebridge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act CairnM’ for the establishing a Purchase of certain Fee-farms, Lands, Eftat*. and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, made by Sir Alexander Caimes, Baronet, of his Grace James Duke of Ormond, in pilrfuance of a Power given him by an Act of Parliament, passed in this Kingdom in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, notwithstanding an Act

hfolreot

DiUun.

Bcgolating

kaken.

Supply Bill;

Lott try,

Public

Debts*

Prefrrraticm tl Game.

Act, passed in Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her prefeot Majesty, or a Deed, dated the 25th of April, >710, therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Hanmer, Sir Richard Levin?, Mr. , Mr. Annejley,

Mr. Manley, Sir Hen. Bunbury, Sir Wm. Parker, Sir Geo.

Beaumont, Mr. C<rfar, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Wentworth, Lord Castle Comber, General Ecclyn, Sir

Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Gape, Mr. Goulfton,

Lord Windsor, Mr. Windsor, Mr. Law/on, Mr. MonBon,

Sir Robert Doverj, Mr. Rulteel, Sir Hen. Johnson, Sir John Conway, Mr. Shackerly, Sir JuJiinian Jj/.am, Sir ’Thomas Johnson, Mr. Gould, Sir Robert Raymond, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Smith, Sir Fra. Warr, Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Currance, Mr. Fitch, Captain Burgh, E. of Thmond, Sir !Vm.Withers: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Duncomb reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige the Creditors of poor insolvent Debtors to accept the utmost Satisfaction, they are capable to make, and to rcflore them to their Liberty, was re-committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Tabic; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and (with Amendments to f>nic of them) upon the Question severaliy put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Davers (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill fortl ic better preterving pub'-.t k Credit, by reviving, and continuing, the Au, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third (intituled, An Act to rellrain the Number of ill Praft ices of Brokers and Stock-jobbers) and to preserv the Equivalent, given to the Lord Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London; and the same was received.

Mr. Conyers presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for railing One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable in Course out of a Fund lor One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds Annum, for Thirty-two Years, with a certain Increase of Principal and Interest, according to several Classes, with Addition of Chances; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine, and state, the publick Debts of the Navy, and other publick Offices, for which no Provision is made by Parliament, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Act, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) perpetual, and for making the same more effectual:

And the fame, being read, is as follows; viz.

" And, for the better preserving the Game of Growfe, "commonly called Heath-cocks, or Hcath-polts, and " their Eggs, within any of her Majesty’s Forests, or " Chaces, t he Precincts, Purlieus, and Limits, of the fame, " be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no " Person whatsoever, from the Twenty-fifth Day L. 8. "of Mar eh, to the Tenth Day of July, shall pre-" fume to cut, grub up, or carry away, any Grig, " Ling, Heath, Furze, Gofs, or Fern, on or from " any Hill, Heath, Moor, or other Waste, within L. 12. " the said Forests, or Chaces, the Precincts, Pur-L. 13. " lieus, and Limits, of the fame, under Penalty, " that the Offender or Offenders, being Convicted " by the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses, Vot. 16.

Mail 637

" or the Confession of such Offender or Offenders; " before any of her Majesty’s Justices of the L. iy. " Peace, shall be committed, by Warrant under " the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace, " to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceed-" ing One Month, or left than Ten Days, there to be " whipf, and kept to hard Labour."

The Amendment behig read a Second time t

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the said Amendment; viz.

L. 8. After "July" to iofert "in any Years"

L. 1 a. and 13. After "Chaces" to leave out "the " Precincts, Purlieus, and Limits, of the fame

L. 17. After "Peace" to insert "shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum, not exceeding £.5. nor " left than 20 s.to be levied by Distress upon such " Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace; one Moiety thereof to be to the Informer or Informers, and the " other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, " wherein such Offences shall be committed; and, for want of such Distress, the said Offender or Offen-" ders."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment, so amended;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, . } 82.

Tellers for, he ]*»

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reaiors, to be offered to the Lords, for disagreeing to the said Amendment, so amended.

And a Committee was accordingly appointed;

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Mr.

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lowther, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Mediycott, Mr. Anneflcy, Mr. Wortley, Lord Sir

Ed. Bacon, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Moflyn, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Lockhart, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Richard Leving, Sir Thomas Hanmer, Mr. IVentworth, Sir Hum.

Mackworth, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Eversfleld, Sir Richard Moyflin, Mr. Pawlett, Mr. Scobell: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Then the Order of the Day was read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine, and state, the publick Debts of the Navy, and other publick Offices, for which no Provision is made by Parliament, upon the Petition of several Persons, who claim an old Debt of the Office of Ordnance, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee* that they had come to a Resolution, which they have directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that they may have Leave to fit again.

y Y Resolved,

Supply.

.Arrears to

General Officers.

638 70 Mail. A. 17 x r.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Morn-

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Granville, Secretary of War, presented to the House,

An Account, on behalf of the General Officers, who have served abroad, to complete the full Pay of their respective Commissions, from the 25th of June, 1702, to the 23d Of December, 1707, inclusive, being the time of their- being in actual Service; with the Particulars annexed, how the same arises: As also,

An Account of Forage-mon?y due to General Officers, that served abroad; with the Particulars, how the same arises, during the time of their being in actual Service: As also,

An Account of Pay due to General Officers, that served abroad; with the Particulars, how the same arises, during the time of their being in actual Service.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are as follow; viz.

An ACCOUNT, on behalf of the General Officers, who have served in her Majesty’s Service abroad, to complete the full Pay of their respective Services, as appears by the Dates of their Commissions, and Accounts of the Pay Offices, from 25th June, 1702, to 23d December, 1707, inclusiveviz.

\n Flanders.

Earl Rivers -General Lumley Lieutenant General Withers Lieutenant General Wood Lieutenant General Rojfe Lieutenant General Earl of Stair -

Sir Richard Temp

Lord North and Gray Major General Sabine Major General Evans Major General Major General Tat ten Major General Major General -

Lieutenant General Macartney

910

257

2>923

J>923

2,328

1,258

3C9

3°9

309

535

535

535

535

535

535

273

J. d.

5 —

5 —

15 —

6 3

10

TO

10

10

IO

10

In Spain. Lord Shannm -

In Spain. Lieutenant General Harvey

In Portugal. Major General Edward Pearce

5 47

905

535

10

10

Carried over - £.

£. s. d.

I3>213 m 3

i,938 -

I5,20t n 3

A N ACCOUNT of what appears due to the said General Officers, for Forage, according to

Commissions.

I. s. d.

Earl Rivers - - - 106 — n

General Lumley - - - 66196

Lieutenant General Withers - - 206 11 1

Lieutenant General Wood - - 206 11 1

Lieutenant General Rojfe - - - . - - - - 42 263

Lieutenant General Ladogan- - 206 10 —

Earl of Stair - -- - - 33 99

Sir Richard Temple - - - - 33 9*9

Lord North and Gray ----- - 33

Major General Sabine - - - - 66 19 6

Major General Evans - - - - 66 196

Major General Sibourg - - - - 66196

Major General Teuton - - - - 66 196

Major General Primrose - - 66 196

Lieutenant General Macartney - -- -- - 33 99

Major General Kellum - > - - - 66196

General Officers Pay brought over -

G. Granville. s

their several £. . d.

1,750 14 10 15,201 11 3

16,952 6 1

Ak ACCOUNT of what Forage-money appears to be due to the General Officers following, from the

25th June, 1702, tu the 23d December, 1707, inclusive;

Earl Rivers: £ s. d

By 100 Days Forage, as Lieutenant General, for Half a Year, from 25 June, to 23d Dec. 1702 (Aids de Camp included) at 38 Rations per Day, at Six Stivers each -

General Lumley:

By 150 Days Forage, as Major General, for iof a Year, from 25th June, to 8th of March, 170^ (Aid de Camp included) at 28 Rations Day - - 117 4 r~

Whereof paid, as per Account Pay Office - - - - 5°4 7i

£ > d. 106 — 11

66 19 6

Lieutenant

7° Ma

Lieutenant General Withers: £. t.

By 300 Days Forage, as Brigadier Genera/, for One Year and an Half, from 25th "June, 1702, ro 24th December, 1703,81 12 Rations per Day, at Six'Stivers each - 100 9 3

By 600 Days D% as Major General, for Three Years, ending 24th,

1706, at 28 Rations ia Day; with one Aid de Camp included - 468 16 6

By 200 Days D‘, as Lieutenant General, for one Year, ending 23d 1707> at 38 Rations a Day} Aids de Camp included - -2121 10

Whereof paid, as per Account Pay Office -

Lieutenant General Wood: The same as Lieutenant General Withers -

Lieutenant General RoJJt:

The same Credit -

Whereof paid, as per Account Pay Office.

781 7 7 - 574 16 6

- 78* 7 7

- 359 4

Lieutenant General:

By coo Days Forage, as Brigadier General, for two Years and an Half, ending the lall of December, 1706, at £. 66. 19 s.6 d. - . - - - 167 8 9

By 200 Days D\ as Major General, cndin&23d December, 1707 - - - 156 5 6

Whereof paid, as per Account Pay Office

3*3 »4 3 ll7 4 3

Earl of Stair:

By 300 Days Forage, as Brigadier General, for one Year and 1, ending the 23d December, 1707 ----- 100 9 3

Whereof paid, as per Account Pay Office - - - -66 19 6

Sir Richard Temple: Lord North and Crey:

The same -

The same -

Mr. Macartney:

By 100 Days Forage, as Brigadier Gencial, en l.ag tl.e last of 1706 - -

Major General Sabine:

By 200 Days Forage, as Brigadier General, for one Year, ending 23d December, 1707

Major General Evans:

The same -

Tire same -

The same -

The same -

The same -

Maj or General Primrose: Major General Tat‘on: Major General Sibourg: Major General Kcilnm:

639

iC* d,

2o6 it t 206 11 t

422 6 3

eo6 10

G. Granville.

33 9 9 33 9 9 33 9 9 33 9 9 66 19 S 66 19 6

66 19 6 66 19 6 66 19 6

66 19 6

1,750 14 10

An ACCOUNT of what appears to be due to the General Officers, who served abread, to complete the Pay of their respective Commissions irom 23th June, 1702, to 23d December, 1707; viz.

Earl Rivers: C- s- d.

By 182 Days Pay, as Lieutenant General, from 25th , 1702, to 23d c ember following, at £.5 per Day j Aids de Camp included -

General Lum/ey:

By 257 Days Pay, as Major General, from 25 June, 1702, to 8 March, 170^, at £. 2. 1 or. per Day; Aid de Camp included - °42 10

Whereof paid, as per Account Pay Office - 3*5 10

Lieutenant General Withers:

By 555 Days Pay, as Brigadier General, from 25 June, 1702, to 31 December,

1703, at I. tot. p,r Day..... - - 83a to -

By 1,096 Days Pay, as Major General, from ift January, to 31 ue-

cember, 1706, at £.2. 10 s. per Day - - - - " " 2>74°

By 3 <57 Days Pay, as Lieutenant General, from ift January, 17of, to 23d cember, *7°7,*t£-5P‘rD*y.....- 1,785 ____

Whereof paid, as per Account Pay Office

Lieutenant General Wood: The same -

Vol. 16.

5*357 10 — - 3*434 5 "

£ d, 910 -

257 ----- i

1,9*3 5 ~ 1,923 5 —

Lieutenant

f Mali.

A, 17x1.

Lieutenant General Roff: £. s. The same Credit as Lieutenant General Withers - - - 5,357 10 —

Whereof paid, is per Account Pay Office - - - - ,1,828 15 —

Lieutenant General Cadogan By 859 Days Pay, as Brigadier General, from 25 August, 1704, to last December, 1706, at £. 1. 10 s. per Day ----- 1,288 10 —

By 357 Days Pay, as Major General, from ift January, 1704, to 23 1707, at £.a. ioj. j>er Bay - . - - 892 10 —

jC* d.

2,528 15 —

Whereof paid, as per Account Pay Office

2,181 -

922 13 9

Earl of Stairs’.

By 571 Days Pay, as Brigadier General, from ift 1706, to 23d December,

1707, at £. I. ioj. per Day - - - - - 856 10 —

Whereof paid, as per Account Pay Office - - - 34.7 10 —

The same The lame

Sir Richard temple: Lord North and Grey:

Mr. Macartney:

By 182 Days Pay, as Brigadier General, ending the lall of May, 1706, at 1. 10 s. per Day

Major General Sabine:

By 357 Days Pay, as Brigadier General, from ift , 1704, to 23 December, 1707, at

1. 10 j. per Day -

Major General Evans:

The same ——

The same The same The same The fame

Major General Primroft: Major General Tat ton: Major General Sigbourg: Major General Kellum:

Lieutenant General Harvey:

By 905 Days Pay, as Major General, from ill January, ijoi, to 23 June, 1706, at £. 2. ioj. per Day - -- - 2,260 10 —

Whereof paid, as per Account Pay Office ----- *357 10 —

Lord Viscount Shannon:

By 365 Days Pay, as Brigadier General, from 24 December, 1705, to 23 December, 1706, at £. 1. ioj. per Day ——

Major General Pearce:

By 357 Days Pay, as Brigadier General, from ill January, 170.$., to 23 December, 1707, at £ i* ioj. per Day ——

L

G. Granville. . —

1,258 6 3

309 -

309 -

309 - -r 273 -

535 >o — 535 *0 — 535 *o — 535 10 — 535 *0 — I 535 10 — *3>2I3 3

905 -

547 10 —

535 *0 — 15,201 11 3

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

and Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1711, altho’ the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Paynes Debt Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-to the Crown, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Robert Payne.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House, the State of the said Robert Payne'% Cafe, as it appears to them.

1

Scotch Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Linen whom the Bill to prevent Abuses in making and whiten-Manufacture. ing cf Linen Cloth of Great Britain, and for the regulating the |Lengths, Breadths, and equal Sorting of Yarn for each Piece, and to hinder the Exportation of Flax, of the Growth of North Britain, and all Sorts of Linen Yarn, to foreign Parts, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Lord Fermanagh, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Fitch, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bracebridge, Lord Castle Comer, Colonel Windsor, Mr. Fleetwood, and all, that lerve for the Counties of Southampton and Leicester, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make Building Leases of Part of the Estate, late of John Lovett, deceased, lying in the City of Dublin, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Raising

Milit

Commi

Love

Efta

ioAnn.

Weller's

EftaU*

Earl ef

Thocnood't

EiUl*.

Wr (loo's Eftau,

Marquis of

Dorchester'i

Estate*

Weller’s

Estate.

Earl of

Thomond's

Ellatt.

8* Mail

Martis, 8* dit Mali \

Anno io* Ann* Reginar, 1711.

Praters.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr

Mr. Hiccoeks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Buck, and several Lands, in Sussex, the ERate of Joft pi IVeUer, Esquire, in T ruftees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and applying the surplus Money to certain Uses and Trulls therein mentioned, with an Amendment; to which the Lords deli re the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A(51 to to enable the Earl of Themond to make Leases for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal thereof for ever, of the Lands and Hereditaments in , comprised in

his Marriage Settlement, with several Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<fl for confirming the Sale of the ERate of John fVeston, Esquire, in the County of Surr, and discharging it from the Debts of the Crown, with several Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Aifo, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the ERate of the Right Noble Evelyn, Lord Marquis of Dor-chester, and IViLiam Pierrepont, Esquire, commonly called

Lord Kingston, Son, and Heir apparent, of the said Lord Marquis, and also for settling the ERate of John Hall, Esquire, on the Marriage of the said Pierrepont, Esquire.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take'into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of and several Lands,

in Suju’x, the ERate of Jc/i’pb IVcHcr, Esquire, in TruRees, to be loid, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and applying the surplus Moneys to certain L ies and TruRs, therein mentioned.

And the fame, being thrice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

Pr. 13. L. 1. Before " Saving" add Provided always, and it is hereby enabled, and declared, that it shall and " may be lawful to and for the said TruRees (for Sale of " the said Manor and Premises) their Executors and Ad- miniRrators, and every and either of them, from time to time to deduct to him or themselves, out of such surplus Moneys, as aforesaid, or the IntereR thereof,

" all such Charges, Costs, or other Damages, that they,

" or either of them, shall at any time or times fuRain,

" or be put or fubiecled unto, for, or by reason or on Account of, the TruR aforesaid; and that the said " TruRxcs, their Executors or Administrators, shall not " be rdponfib’e for any involuntary Loll’s, that may happen to, or of, the said Moneys, or IntereR; nor the one " of them, his Executors or Administrators, be liable to " answer for the Act, Deed, or Misfeazance, of the other " of them, his Executors or Administrators; but each of " them, his Executor or Administrator, is or are to answer for his or their own Act, Receipt, Deed, or Miffeazance, only."

Ordered, That Mr. Mcd'y^ottdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Louis to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable t he Earl of Thomond to make Leases for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal thereof for ever, of the lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, comprised in his Marriage Settlement.

And the said Amendments being twice read, and the Vol. 16,

Clauses Three times, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and arc as follow; viz.

In the Title, 3d Line, After ,* ever" insert " and Grants in Fee-farm."

11 Pr. 19 Line. After "Under-tenants" add " And " be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that in " case any Lcflce or Lessees of any of the Premisses, or the Heirs or Assigns of any such Lcflce or Lessees, " shall be desirous to hold and enjoy their respective ERates, freed and discharged from any Clog orlncumbrance of renewing the fame, and to make their ERates Fee-farms, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said " Earl of 'Thomond, at any time or times before the Twenty-ninth Day of September, which shall be in the " Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and " Twelve, by his Deed or Deeds indented, to be by him " executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, and inrolled in the high Court of Chancery in " this Kingdom of Ireland, and for and in Consideration " of such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be agreed on, " and in such Deed or Deeds expressed, to grant, bargain, " fell, release, and confirm, all, every, or any of, the " Manors, Lordships, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, demised, or by this Act intended to be demised, as aforesaid, unto the Person or Persons, to whom " any Lease or Leases thereof is, are, or, by virtue of this " Act, shall be, made, with any Covenant or Covenants for Renewals, or unto any other Person or Persons, who " do or shall claim the lame, or the Benefit of such Covenant or Covenants for Renewals thereof, by, from, or " under, anyj such Lessee or Lessees; to have and to hold " the fame, with their, and every of their, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to such Lessee or Lessees, or other Person or Persons, to whom the same shall be " granted, bargained, fold, released, and confirmed, and " to his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns; subject nevertheless to all and every such Rents, Reservations, Services, and Duties, as the same are, or shall be, subject " to, by any Leases, made, or, by virtue of this Act, to " be made, thereof, before such Sale; and so as the like " Rents, Services, and Duties, be received, or issuing,

" and made payable, for ever, for, or out of, the famePrcmilfes, and secured, with Power of DiRrefs for the fame,

" to such Person and Persons, Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as the Rents and Profits of the Premisses, so to be sold, or granted in Fee-farm, should have gone, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Indenture of Settlement, dated the Eleventh Day of June,

" Seventeen hundred and Seven: And in case the Lessees " of the said Premisses, or any of them, or any other " Person or Persons, who shall claim the same by, from,

" or under, any Lessee or Lessees, shall relufe or neglect " to accept or take such Grant, Bargain, Sale, Release, or " Confirmation, of such Premisses, as aforesaid, under the " Terms aforesaid; or if it should be thought more expedient by the said Henry Earl of Vbomond to contract " and agree for the same with any other Person or Persons, not being Lessee or Lessees of the same Premisses,

" nor claiming the fame, or the Benefit of such Covenant " or Covenants for Renewal, by, from, or under, any such " Lessee or Lessees; then it shall and may be lawful to and " for the said Henry now Earl of at any time or

*‘ times before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Twelve, by such Deed or Deeds, to be executed and inrolled, as aforesaid, for " such Consideration, as shall be agreed upon, and in such Deed or Deeds expressed, to bargain, fell, convey, and " allure, to any Person or Persons, who shall be willing to " purchase the fame, all or any the Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, intended to be demised, as aforesaid, as well " before, as after, any Demile or Demises thereof made;

" to hold the fame, together with all Benefits and Advantages whatsoever, which may at all times for ever hereafter be made, or arise, by way of Fine upon the Renewal of any Leases, made, or, by virtue of this Act, to " be made, of the said Premisses, or any Part thereof, or

7 Z " any

8° Maii.

A. 1711.

Earl of " any Heriots, or other casual Profits, arising from the Thomond’s *« same; subject nevertheless to all and every such Lease ate‘ "and Leases, as are, or shall, by virtue of this Act, be,

" made of the same Premisses before such Sale, and the " Covenants for Renewal thereof, in such Leases contained, under such Rents, Reservations, Services, Issues, and " Duties, as are therein, or shall be, reserved, made pay-'

able; and so as upon every such Sale, or Grant in Feefarm, whether made to the Lessee or Lessees, or to apy " other Person or Persons whatsoever, the like Rents, Ser- ' " vices, and Duties, be reserved, or issuing, and made u payable, for ever, for, or out of, the same Premisses, and " Secured, with Power of Distress for the fame. Provided " always, and be it enacted, and declared, by the Authori ty " aforesaid, (hat it shall be in the Election of the said Henry " now Earl of Thomond, in or upon every Sale, or Grant in " Fee-farm, to be made, as aforesaid, of any of the said " Premisses, to reserve the like Heriots, or Sums oFMoney in lieu thereof, to be paid at the Decease of every " Tenant, dying seised of such granted Premisses, or any " Part thereof, as was, or shall be, reserved on any Demise,

" made, or hereafter, by virtue of this Act, to be made,

" thereof, or to fell the Benefit of such Heriot, or casual " Profits, forkhe beftPrice, which may be had for the lame.

" And forasmuch as the said presentEarl of Thomond, is entitled to a great Number of chief Rents, and other small . " Rents in Fee, within the County of , in the said " Kingdom of Ireland, which are comprised in his feid " Marriage Settlement, but are very troublesome to collect; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

" that it-(hall and may be lawful to and for the said,

" now Earl of Thomond, at any time or times during his: " Life f by himself, or by Two or more Persons, by him,

" by any Deed or Deeds under his Hand and Seal, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, for that Purpose commissioned, deputed, or appointed) to release,

" fell, or dispose of, all, every, or any, the said chief " Rents, or other (mail Rents in Fee, within the said " County of Clare, and the same to convey and allure to " the present Tenants or Occupiers of the Lands, out of " which the same respectively are issuing, or to any other " Person or Persons whatsoever, and his, her, or their,

" Heirs, respectively."

24 L. After " Renewal " insert " and all Grants " in Fee-farm, and Sales."

33 L. Leave out " the fame," and instead thereof insert " such Covenants for Renewal."

36 L. After " Leases " insert " Grants in Feefarm, and Sales."

12 Pr.13 L. After " Leases" insert " or made payable,

" orfecured, upon such Sales, or Grants in Fee-farm."

19 L. After " Leases" insert " or made payable, " or secured, upon such Sales, or Grants in Fee-farm."

40 and 21 L. Leave out " during all the Terms, " so to be granted."

34 L. Leave out " to be so comprised," and instead thereof insert " so leased, or fold, or granted in Feefarm."

13 Pr. 9 L. After " aforesaid" insert " where such , " Trees or Woods are, or shall be, -in such Leases excepted."

19 L. After "thereof" insert " so as such Trees " and Wood be fallen, and carried away, within the Space " of Three Years next ensuing the Sale thereof."

14 Pr. 9 L. After " of" insert " Rents and."

39 L. Before " Saving" add " Provided also, and it " is hereby enabled, and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, that all Moneys, arising by the Sale of Fines and " Heriots, and making such Sales, and Grants in Fee-farm, " as aforesaid, shall be paid to, and received by, such Personor Persons, as the said , now Earl of Thomond, " from time to time, by Writing under his Hand and " Seal, shall (with the Consent and Approbation of the " said Charles Duke of Somerset, his Executors or Administrators, testified by his or their signing orfubferibing " such Writing) direct and appoint; and the same (after " all Incumbrances, which charge or affect the Premisses, »5

" first paid and satisfied) shall be laid out, and employed " in the purebafing Lands and Hereditaments of Inheritancein that Part of Great Britain, called England, to be " settled and limited to for, and upon,-such Idles, Estates,

11 Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as the said Castles, Manors. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said Kingdom " of Ireland, opmprifed in the said Indenture of Settlement, dated the Eleventh of June, Seventeen hundred " and Seven, are thereby settled and limited (other than and except the said Charge of £. 500 per Atiuum, with " the Remedies for the fame,- and the Term of Ninety " and Nine Years, for better, securing thereof) and toapd " for no other<Use, Intent, or Purpose, whatsoever."'

Ordered, That the Lord IVm.Rowlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments. ’

The House proceeded ro take into Consideration the ffetto Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Sale of the Estate of John Esquire, in the County o I Surrey, and discharging it from the Debts of the Crown.

And the fame, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

19 Sk. L. 41, and 41. Leave out "and Ten Pounds."

23. Sk. L. 15. Leave out " as also of Henry Weston,

" his Father."

L. 19. After " them" insert " Saving oevertheless, to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies " Corporate and Politick, their several Heirs, Successors,

" Executors, and Assigns (other than, and except, the " Queen’s njoft excellent Majesty, her Heirs and Success'ors, the said John Weston, and his Wife,

" Henry Weston, the Issue of the said John Weston, and " every other Person or Persons, claiming any Interest,

" Title, or Demand, from, by, or under, them, or any " of them) all such Right, Title, Eftare, Interest, and

" Demand, as they, or any of them, have or hath, or " may have or claim, in or to the Premisses, or any Part " thereof; and also."

In the Title of the Bill, 4th Line, Leave out " Debts " to," and insert " Demands of."

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of the Creditors and Mine Proprietors of the Company of Mine-adventurers, by efta- Advent blishing aMethod for settling the Differences between the Compel Company, and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in-order to an effectual working the Mines of the said Company, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as aRider, to be added to the Bill, that " Saving and rderving to John Rumsey,

" of BriJIol, Esquire, all Rights of Actions or Suits, either " in Law or Equity, for, or by reason of, any Debt or " Debts, justly due and owing to him from the said Company, at any time before they (topped, or postponed,

" Payment of their Bonds or Bills, as if this Act had " never been had or made."

And the feme was once read.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Ciaule vvas offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That the Act should not be aPrccedent in other Corporations.

But the same vvas not brought up to the Table.

Then the Amendments following were Ieverally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 11.L. 44. After "directed" toinfert "torchuling " of the Deputy Governor

Pr. 12. L. 16. To leave out " the said Charter," and to insert " this Act:"

Pr. 14. L. 8, 9. To leave out " until otherwise disposed " of," and to insert " who may ditpose thereof

L. 21.

AT iT

Dutits OO

unrated

Goods.

Supply Bill i Lottery, 9cc,

Sapply.

10 Ann. 8° Mail.

L. 21. To leave out "Twenty," and to insert Forty

Pr. if L 13. To leave out *‘or to effect

Pr. 17. L. To insert, after " subscribed," the State of the said Account and

Pr. 18. L. 4. To leave out or Directors

L. 8. To leave out and Directors or Officers of the said Company."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of the Company of Mine-adventurers, by establishing a Method for settling the Differences between the Company, and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual working the Mines of the said Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Lawfondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Benson acquainted the House, that the Commissioners of the Treasury had received her Majesty s Commands, to lay before this House the Reports of the Auditors of the Imprefts, and others, relating to the Method of computing the Duties on unrated Goods.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Title thereof was read.

Which Reports are bound up with other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the Matter of the said Reports, and to report the liunc, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Auditor , Mr.

Mr. Benson, Mr. Freeman, Sir Rickard Mr. Law-

son, Sir Geo. New land, Mr. Hem, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Moor, Mr. Manley, Sir Rickard How, Mr. Erie, Mr. Mr. Foley, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Mead, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. , Mr. Craggs,

Mr. Robinson, Mr. footman, Sir Robert Colonel

Lee, Mr. Carter, Sir ? "ho. J, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Betts, Mr. flew land. Sir Tho. Powell,

Mr. Bayly, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger Molly n, Mr.

Sir fames Campbell, Mr. Teaman, Mr. Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Goulfton, Mr. Page, Mr. ton, Sir Hum. Mackworth, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Richard Faring ton. Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Hunger ford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and have Leave to fit in a Morning.

A Bill for railing One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable in course out of a Fund for One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, for Thirty-two Years, with a certain Increase of Principal and Interest, according to several Classes, with Addition of Chances, was read the First time.

RefAved, That the Bill be read a-Second time.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

RefAved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the building of Fifty new Churches, and for the purchasing of Sites of Churches, and Church-yards, or Burial-places, and Houses for the Habitations of the Ministers of the said Churches, in and about the Cities of London and H'eflminster, or the Suburbs thereof, and for making such Chapels, as are already built, and capable thereof, Pari (h Churches, and also for finishing the Repairs of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter's, and the

Chapels of the fame.

The said Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, Vot. 16.

in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to her Majesty, for the building of Fifty new Churches, and for purchasing of Sites of Churches, and Church-yards, or Burial-places, and Houses for the Habitations of the Ministers of the said Churches, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, and for making such Chapels, as are already built, and capable thereof, Parish Churches, and also for finishing the Repairs of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter’s, fltr, and the Chapels of the lame.

Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall, and the RefoJutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed hirri to report to the House: And he read the Report, and Resolutions, in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Paul Orchard, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Henry Mamaton, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall:

That the Right of Elect ion was agreed to be in the Mayor, chief Burgesses, and Freemen of the Borough.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel infilled, that Mr. Edward Cloake is the legal Mayor of the Borough, and ought to make the Return.

That the fitting Member’s Counsel infilled, that Mr. Godfrey White (who has returned the fitting Member) is the legal Mayor.

That, by the Charter, the Mayor, and chief Burgesses, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, whereof the Mayor, for the Time being, is to be one, are annually, on Monday after Michaelmas Day, to meet, and cleft one of the chief Burgesses to be Mayor for One whole Year then next following; and the Mayor elect is to be sworn before the chief Burgesses, or any Four or more of them, for the Time being; and after he is sworn, he is to continue in the Office for the Space of One whole Year then next following, and from thence until another of the chief Burgesses is duly elected, anil sworn, into the Office of Mayor.

That the Petitioner’s C tunlel examined Witnesses; and called,

Samuel Jackson, Samson Bond, Edward Hodge, Richard Hewgce; who said, that upon Monday after AJichae/mas Day, 1709, being the Charter Day for ciefting the Mayor, Mr. God/rey White, the then Mayor, and Four of the chief Burgesses (the whole Number of which then in being was but Six) whereof the Witnesses, Jackson, Bend and Hodge, were Three, met, upon Mr. s Summons, to elect a Mayor for the Year then ensuing: That they accordingly proceeded to elect the Mayor; and the Town Clerk called over their Names, and asked their Votes:

That Mr. White, being first asked, refused to vote; and that the other Four chief Burgesses voted for Mr. Cloake to he Mayor:

That White role from the Table, protested against their Proceedings, and declared, there should be no Election, till the Charter (which was deposited in Jackson & Hands by the chief Burgesses) was brought, to fee, if the Freemen at large had any Right to vote for Mayor, as they pretended to have:

That, before White was gone out of the Room, they had given their Votes for Cloa; and the Town Clerk was entering the m* when White went away:

That, a little while afrer. returned; and then

Cloake was sworn Mayor before and the other

Four chief Burgesses:

That the Charter being thus called for, the Town Clerk fetched an English Copy of it: And the fitting Member (who is the Recorder of the Town) put it in his Pocket, and said, there was nothing in it:

That

Camelford

Election,

44 8 ° Mali.'

Camelford That all the Year 1709 held Courts, and acted,

ElectioB. as Mayor; and the Magistrates owned, and acted with, him, and protested against White:

Cloake then executed a Mandamus for filling the Common Council j was chosen and sworn Mayor for the present Year; and in Ottobt last presided, and acted, as Mayor, in the Election to Parliament; and the fitting Member then owned, and solicited, him as Mayor; and recommended to him his Kinsman, Mr. Ratcliff, who was returned by him; and the chief Burgesses elected under Cloake in 1709, have always voted, and acted, without Object ion.

That the fitting Member's Counsel insisted, there can be no Election of Mayor, without the Mayor for the Time being:

That White protested against the proceeding to elect Cloake in 1709, and went away:

That that Election was made in his Absence; is therefore void; and White continues Mayor, till another is chosen. And they called

Ralph Pike, Wm. Row, ‘Thomas Farley, Jof. Tincombe, Daniel Bridge-, who said, that 20 Years ago, by virtue of a By-law, the Freemen returned Two Persons; and out of them the chief Burgesses chose the Mayor:

That they have broke that By-law several Years, and have since elected according to the Charter:

That at the Election of Mayor in 1709, some of the Freemen claimed this Privilege; and Mr. White insisted to have the Charter, for their Satisfaction; and declared, be would not proceed to cleft a Mayor, till he had it.

That he protested against the chief Burgesses proceeding to the Election; and went out of the Room, when Two of them had given their Votes, and before the Town Clerk had entered the Second Vote; and the other Two voted, after he was gone.

And the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Edward Cloake is legal Mayor of the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall; and ought to

make the Return of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

The Poll, taken by Mr. Cloake, was thus:

12 for the fitting Member:

21 for the Petitioner.

That the fitting Member’s Counsel declared, they were not instructed to object to this Poll.

And the Committee came to these Resolutions: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Henry Manaton, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Camelford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Paul Orchard, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House being informed, that the said Mr. Cloake attended at the Door with an Indenture of Return, he made of the said Mr. Orchard at the Election;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Cloake be called in, in order to his delivering in to this House the said Indenture.

And he was called in; and, being examined at the Bar touching the said Indenture of Return, he said, that he had made the same at the time of the last Election for the said Borough; and that he tendered it to the Sheriff.

And, having delivered the same into the House, he withdrew.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the said Borough of Camelford, by taking off the File the Return, made by Mr. Godfrey , and affixing instead thereof, the Return, made by the said Mr. Cloake, the Mayor of the said Borough.

The Orders of the Day being read -,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thttrfday Morn-

ing next, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Tr mittee of the whole House, to contlder of the Bill to An repeal Part of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Trade to America.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Am lay before this House, A State of the Bonds, and other Pm* Securities, given for Duties upon Prize Goods in America, in pursuance of an Act, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to; and also, an

Account of what is owing for the said Duties, and from whom.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners do lay before this House, An Account of what Duties have been paid for Prize Goods, taken in America, and what Duties would have been otherwise paid for the same Goods, imported from America.

The House proceeded to take int^Donsideration the Abuses Report from the Committee, who were to enquire into falle Musters, and other Abuses in the Payment of her Majesty’s Guards, and also Abuses, committed in relation to Chelsea Hospital.

And the said Report was read, and is as follows;

Mr. Patrick Hurley; who said, that upon his acquainting Mr. Murphy, Marshal of the Guards, with his being much in Debt, he was told, that for Two Guineas he should be lifted, and protested from his Creditors; and might be discharged, when he plealed, on the Payment of Five Pounds, and finding a Man in his Head:

That, on the 2 tft December, 1 709, he, and Two of his Friends, Whom he brought for Witnesses, met Murphy, and Two Serjeants, at an Alehouse; where he lifted himself regularly in Sir Robert Rich’s Company of the Foot Guards: He then received £.1 as Bounty Money, and for a Week’s Subsistence, and gave his Receipt for it; but immediately returned the Money to Murphy, proposing no other Advantage by his lifting, than the Protection:

That, about a Month after, he was mustered in the Company; and has since appeared at some, but not at all, Musters:

That Colonel Charteris, having obtained the Command

of the Company, sent for Hurley, to let him know, he had paid a great Sum for it, and was not bound by Sir Robert Rich's Bargain with Hurley; and would therefore neither protest him from his Debts, nor exempt him from his Duty, without a farther Gonfideruion; and demanded ot him Five Pounds: Which he paid, and procured him an effective Man, to do constant Duty in his stead; but was, notwithstanding, forced to pay a Week for his own being excused from it:

That he had twice done Duty; first, by Handing a Quarter of an Hour in regimental Cloaths, under Arms, in Murphy's House, which is the Prison in the; and a Second time, in the dark, at St. James’s, he changed Coats with the Centinel, and took his Arms, and his Place, which he kept for Six or Seven Minutes, while a Serjeant, and fume of his Friends, came thither to lee it, and bear Witness of it:

That he had been committed to the Savoy for Neglect of Duty, though never called to it; but was not then long confined, or used with any of the Severities, which other Prisoners are: This was done, that his Commitment might appear on the Prisoners Books, when he should have Occasion to produce them in Proof of his being a Soldier, in order 10 defraud his Creditors:

That he never received any Pay; but constantly signed the Books, as if he had received it.

That when he was arrested by his Creditors.and carried to the Compter, and thence removed to the Fleet, he made several fruitless Applications to his Colonel for his Protection; who would not relieve him, though he agreed first with Mr. Murphy to find Six Men, or pay till he had

given a prom 1 dory Note of £ 50 to Serjeant Cook, for the Colonel’s life: Then his Colonel appeared for him, and released himout of the Fleet-, but lent him directly into the Savoy, to be there confined, till he gavebetterSecuiity for

8" Mail. 64.5

the £.50 than his own Note was supposed to be; and he Colonel’s Order, there to be confined, till he gatre better Abuse* in Was forced to lodge a Mortgage Deed, of above £.300, Security. ... . paying the

in Murphy's Hands, as a Pledge for his paying it, before Then the Serjeant trifled with the Committee, and Guards, be could obtain his Liberty: laid, that the/]. 50 was to be laid out on the Company }'

That the Colonel told him, if he would pay £. 20 but his own Letter to the Colonel, being produced, down and secure the rest, he would protett him from his proved the contrary.

Creditors: He confirmed the Colonel’s refuting to protect, or

That he had not made any Complaint of this hard appear for, Hur/ty, till induced by this Note t his ap-Usage to any General Officers, or to a Court Martial, be- pearing then before the Judge, and malting Oath of cause he dreaded the hard Fate of Birkett Phipps, and Hurley's being a lifted Soldier; upon which he was dif*

Bumeorih ,who had taken that Course in the like Cafe, charged, &c.

and fullered for it; and when it was known, he designed He also confirmed Hurley's figmng the Book for the an Application to the House of Commons, Orders were Pay, though he never received any, or did Duty. _ given for his Commitment to the Savoy; and, being not And, being further aiked of the Number of effective found at his Lodgings, lie was put into the Gazette, as a Men in Colonel Company, and being required

Deserter; and has been often threatened with his being to produce his Books; he owned, he had kept a Book; lent into the West Indies: but said, that he bad torn out all the Pages, that related

That he had a List of 22 Faggots; and that there were to the Company, and delivered them to the Colonel, many more in the same Company, whose Pay was con- Serjeant tVilliams, who paid the Company in Sir Reverted to the Colonel’s Use: bert Rich's time, and for three Weeks under Colonel

That the Colonel had, both by Threats and Promises, Charteris, disowned his having any Books; but said, he endeavoured to influence him to give a favourable Ac- paid about 38 Men, and always mustered a full Corn-count of him to the Committee. pany; and that Sir Robert Rich allowed Colonel

The Committee, being informed, that Mr. Hurley was {.3 a Man, for what were wanting of his full Comple-a Man of a very ill Character, ordered him to pro- ment, when he delivered over the Company: duce Witnesses, to confirm the Fads he had laid That Colonel Charteris offered him what Benefit could before them. be made of the Company, for an Allowance of 25 Mens

Mr. Thomas Murphy, Marftia) of the Guards, confirm- Pay; which he refuting, disobliged the Colonel, who ed Hurleys Account of his being lifted, and returning the would have had him quit the Service, and given him Bounty-money; of his doing Duty at his I louse; of his £ 20 for his Discharge: '

Commitment for Two Hours; of his Baigain to find Six That he fell into a long Fit of Sickness, and, after fbmo Men, or pay £ 30; of his being brought from the Fleet time, sent to demand his Pay 1 but Colonel Charteris or-o the Savoy,; and his own receiving, and keeping, the dered Serjeant Pittman to take him out. of his sick Bed Mortgage Deeds, as a farther Security for the f. 50 be- and carry him to the Savoy.

fore Hurley was enlarged: He produced the Deeds, and Serjeant Pittman owns the Colonel’s Order for the the Prison Books. Commitment of Williams, whom he found ill in Bed:

Williams, Serjeant to Sir Robert Rub, and after to Says, that this was a verbal Order:

Colonel Charteris, said, that he lifted Hurley: Confirms That, when he paid the Company, there were 38; the Manner of it, and his returning the Bounty-money; Two Relieves, and Two orderly Men; but that many his muttering sometimes, and never receiving Pay, or do- others signed the Book for Pay: ing Duty: Said, that he law the promissory Note of f. 50 That they always mustered 70, including Servants, and that Serjeant Cook told him, it was for Colonel Char- And, being aiked, whether Colonel Charteris' Comparer// Use. ny was as full as any other in the Guards, he said, he

Mr. George Kemble said, that he saw the Note of £. 50, did not know, and that Serjeant Cook said, if Hurley did not pay down The Keeper of the Marshalsea brought his Prisoner,

£. 20 he should be sent to the West Indies. ’ Samuel who said, he was lifted in Colonel -

Mr. Thomas Larner fail!, that Hurley was arrested, car- teris Company, the tft of May last, for Protection; and ried into the Compter, and removed into the Fleet: That, returned the Bounty-money to Serjeant Cook: on the Application of his Creditors, Major General Tat-That on the 12th of May he gave the Colonel^. 5 for ten had certified, he was no Soldier; but that, on Colo- his Discharge, when he should desire it; and, being ar-nel Charteris s appearing for him, and making Oath of relied, gave Four Guineas to Serjeant Pittman, that Co-his being one, he was discharged by the Lord Chief lonel Charteris should get him released from his Arrest:

Justice Parker, and Justice fracty:That he has been forced sometimes to pay 15 a

That he had heard Serjeant Cook say, he had received Week, for being excused from Duty, the Note of/]. 50. Mrs. being present, said, that in September last

That Murphy told him, that Colonel Charteris ordered Colonel Charteris had threatened to fell her Husband Hurley to be confined, till he had given better Security into a Marching Regiment:

for it; ’and that he law the Mortgage Deeds accordingly That he was put into the Savoy; and then (he, to redelivered: lease her Hulhand, gave the Colonel £. 3, and pressed for

That the Colonel sent for him, and desired him to per- his Discharge; which would not be granted, unids he liiade Hurley not to be severe in this Prosecution. gave the Colonel a Suit of Drugget Cloaths; who offered,

Mr. James Bamford said, that he saw the Note of £. 50 for 10 more, to help her Husband into Chelsea Hospital. signed by Hurley, and delivered to Serjeant Cook, for the Serjeant Pittman, at his ad Examination, said, that Use of Colonel Charteris> for relcafing him out of the he had received Four Guineas, for the Colonel's Use, of Fleet .- Samuel Wilson, for his Discharge:

That the Colonel refused to appear for him without That he has seen on who lives in

it; but, immediately upon receiving it, he did appear, shire, but twice on Duty, though a lifted Soldier above and make Oath of his being a lifted Soldier; on which Eight Months; and always mustered as sick: he was released: That he knows George Toone, a Butcher in Newgate

That he saw the Mortgage Deed delivered, as a fur- Market, and one Forrejt, both belonging to the Com-ther Security for the £. 50 Note; and confirms the Bar- pany; but none of them were of the 38, that received Pay: gain of Six Men, or £. 30. That Colonel Charteris ordered his Men to be invited

Cook, Serjeant in Colonel Charteris' Company, owned, to Two Aiehouses, where he paid the Reckoning:

that Hurley had given him the Note of £. 50, and pro- That the Colonel had given the Corporals a Guinea mi fed him, for his own Use,/. 10. a-piece, to treat the Men, to induce them to say, they

That he carried him from the Fleet to the Savoy, by the were well used by him:

Vol. 16. 8 A That

4® 8° Maiu

Abu^i*

That the -tf faycjimwrenury Men selflom owrcifod, 01f After several Expostulatioat with him, and being redid Duty, and received no Pay. . quired to (peak the Truth, he at confeflfed, he fe*

And, being aflced, how the Comuuiy was daathed $ oeived the Guinea, Hurley mentioned, foooo after tJhisCom-he Aid, they received do Coats and Pair of Breeches, aa plaint of the Colonel was made to the Committee: new Waist coats; and that die aid Coats were to make That his Colonel had then ordered him to watch vp the Number of the Waistcoats. ley, and those employed by him, very closely; and bring

Mcs. Andreevssaid, that Colonel Charteris committed him constant Intelligence, what they did, and what Meat hef Brother, George Milfox, to the Savoy; and threatened, Hires were taken against him, and who were fommoned as he would fend him away in a Marching Regiment, if he Witfieffes, and to what Fads; and, because Hurley might did not pay Two Guineas: That Ihe went to die Co- possibly be too cunning for him, be was ordered chiefly to lonel, and gave him £.% to get her Brotherout; and con verse with Ramferd, and others employed by Hurley: agreed, that dheCofonet Ihodd have his Pay, while he That the Colonel bad also instructed him to lay, that; continued a Soldier ,* and Three Guineas more, when he Harley had promised Wife /. 40 or 50 to aocufe

was dtCioharged: the Colonel, and had ordered him to go to her House,

That her Brother had lifted himself for Protection, and to fee and know her:

was to do no Duty; bat was forced to pay another for doing it $ and was at tail discharged, upon the Application of ta Creditors Attorney:

That the Colonel told her at the (one of

Am afore-mentioned Alehouses) if (he would not appear before tire Committee, he would restore all the Money, ho had received of her Brother, and have him released oat of the Hands of his Creditors.

Join Maun Aid, that he, being lifted in Colonel Char-teris's Company, returned his Bounty-money to Serjeant Caeix He has been above Eight Months in the Company, and received but is. Pay;

- That he was confined to the Savoy Throe Weeks:

That the Colonel fen( Serjeant Cook to him, to let him know, that he mull not oxped Protection, unless he gave the Colonel Money; which he was content to do, if he might be discharged; for which the Serjeant demanded It Guineas j hut advised him rather to give Four, and a Man, and continue under the Protection of the Guards: That his Wife agreed for Seven Guineas:

: That, on the Friday before this Examination, the Colonel said to him, if he would tell the Committee, he had received Pay, and done Duty, by would Hand by him, as far as £. too would go.

Mr. Crofts said, that he paid Colonel Charteris £. $ for the Discharge of otio Wakefeild, who wa6 lifted in his

Company-

Mr. Jehu theedhamsaid, that he was appointed to meet

Colonel Chatteris at Mans Coffee-house; where the Colonel offered him a Broad Piece, to be against Hurley. Colonel Charterer, desiring to be heard in his own Defence, said.

That Hurley was delivered over to him, as belonging to the Company, but not seen by him in above a Month after:

That, when ho came to him, he promifod to procure a Man; which was performed:

That he had neither heard from Hurley, nor seen him, since, till, being in Stedattd, he received Letters from him, with the Oder of £. jo, to which he gave no Answer, nor ever received, or saw, the Note:

That he would have discharged him, if Major General Tatte* had not: Ho owned his making Oath, before Lord Chief Justice Parker, of Hurley's being a lifted Soldier} and the Bargain with for Six Men, or

/.jo, and his ordering him into the as loon as out

of the Fleet j but said, it was not for the further Security for the £. to, but because he was a Rogue.

As «o IViifo*,he Aid, that, by Order from his superior

Officers, he was obliged to clear his Company of all underfeed, and old, Men, and therefore had ordered Wil-Jku's Discharge, for which he received £. 5, and disowns the Receipt of any more from him:

Owned, he received 51 Men in the Company from Sir Robert Risk j but Aid, that 13 were foor, after draughted: And desired Leave to produce, as Witaeffcs, Hare, Huekenhall, Cook, Caddell, and Kemble.

John Haro being called in, Mr. Hurley excepted against his being a Witness, because the Colonel bad given him Money; particularly, a Guinea, at the Beginning of this Enquiry.

He was further instructed to say, that had told

him, he was to have 500 or the Parliament!

and that he should have £. to of U; and that bp was to repeat this his Evidence before fbmc Perfops kt Colonel

Charteris's Chambers:

That the Colonel, that Morning, gave him Two Guineas; which he produced: ,

That the Colonel promised him Seven more, as foot) as he had given his Evidence; and that he should have a Drugget Suit, and be helpt into ao Employment in the Excise:

That the Colonel carried him to Two Gentlemen, who, be laid, were Members of Parliament, to repeat before them what be was to say to the Committee.

That one Huekenhall, when he came in a Coach with the Colonel, and him, to West said, he had never seen Hurley ;but would take particular Notice of, him,

being to give the feme Evidence with Hare.

Thomas Hucktnhall, a Soap-boiler, but lifted in Colonel Chatteris'« Company, said, that be never saw Hurley, tifl now, in the Speakers Chambers; but one very like him came to his Shop, and offered him/- 50 to be an Evidence against Colonel Charteris; and to lay, that he had given the Colonel Four or Five Guineas for a Protection:

That he acquainted the Colonel, and some others, with the Offer:

That he came in the Coach with Hare; but disowned his having any Discourse with him: That he has beet) above Eight Months lifted, and received Pay, though not all, that is due to him, having often done Duty. -Serjeant Cook said, that Colonel Charteris never grudged giving any Sum for a good Man:

That he paid between 41 and 48 in the Company* and that whatever he got for excusing Men from their Duty, was for his own use, and not the Colonel's:

That Williams's Commitment to the Savoy was for concealing Four Men, who did no Duty:

That he believes, Colonel Charteris never saw the Note of £. $o.

That Hut ley had dilfuaded him from.going to the WtJl Judies; and told him, he might be a Lieutenant in fpme new Regiment, the Colonel of one of them being of his Acquaintance, if he would give his Assistance towards breaking Colonel Charteris:

That Hurley chiefly infilled on his saying, he had delivered the /.50 Note to the Colonel;

That Wilson's Wile laid, if the Colonel would give her £. 30 or 40, Ihe would say any thing for him:

That he had seen Hare at tire Colonel’s; and, upon the Colonel’s questioning him, he had repeated the Evidence as before; with this Addition, that Serjeant Piltmax was to have £. 50 of Hurley.

Mr. Caddell said, that he had, at Colonel Ckartym' Lodgings, often seen Hare, whom he always distrusted; for he raised at his Uncle H,who, he said, was to have a great Reward for his information, which he wee to share in:

That he had (ben Wilson's Wife there, and heard hey vow Revenge against the Colonel, unless he would give her £.30 or 40, which if be did, he heard her make the some Offer, aa Cook mentions.

Mr.

> . -_-sM

io Ann.

S'* Maii.

Mr. Xmile feid, chat BUr* came to the Colonel, ood

laid, be would give Evidence for him: Confirms the Story of his being to ftiarc in Hurley's Reward, and vrthat Caddell said of Mrs. Wilson.

He feid alfia, chat he was employed by Serjeant /-Hams, to make his Peace with the Colonel, who had committed him to the Savoy for conoealing some Mon ia die Company; but that the Difference laid been *t last referred to Major General who orctaod, that WH-

Rams Aioukl find the Colonel Three Mens and that the Colonel should get the said IViUiame into Cheijta Hospi-tal: Which was complied with on both Sides.

James BaayforJ said, that be bad converted with Hare freely at Mr. Hurley't t and Hate was always very inquisitive, when he was preparing Materials to be laid before the Committees and used to act, what Witnesses were summoned, and to what Points.

Colonel QkarUtis, being acquainted with Hart's Evidence, said, Hare bad been often with him, and offered to do him Service t but he never gave him any Money, nor ever promt fed him any Reward i and that Hare had made the first Offer to him.

Two of the Members of the Houfit were pleased to acquaint the Committee, th.it Colonel Chatteris brought Hare to them that Morning, and defifed they would hear what he had to fey: That he then called u.p Hart, and, Handing by. Hare repeated, u before.

Corporal IVm. Birkttt, late of Colonel Chat teris' Company in the First Regiment of Foot Guards, laid, that he, and Remark Bunworth, having in Da ember kit made a

Complaint of fe!ie Mullers in the feme Company, their Complaint was heard before a Court Martials where (though they thought, they had proved their Accusecioh by several Witnesses, yet) they were immediately hurried away to the^tftoy, where they were confined for 48 Hours, in which time he was neither permitted the Sight of his Friends, nor the Lie of Pen, Iok, and Paper: That he was at last dipt in Irons, and conveyed by a back Stairs to the Water-side, to be lent to: That he

was there fold for 50/. by Captain Carr, to Lieutenant Colonel Batman, in Marquis de Mondandres Regiment:

That, being Corporal of the Company, he had several times demanded of the Serjeant a List of the Men; who would not give the Names of any more than 37:

That be saw Serjeant Bur by pay Harding and Morgan Half a Crown each, for appearing on a Muuer.

Remark Burr.vorth laid, that being employed as a Painter at Seri cant Griffith's House, he had been Three times hired by the Serjeant, for Half a Crown a time, to appear 011 a Muster-day in tha: Company: That he allb brought others to muster, for the feme Hire:

That he appeared before, and informed the CoUft Martial of this; and alto proved, that Cornelius Carte was muttered at the same time in College, and in

Colonel Charteris' Company of the Guards:

Thar, as soon as he came out of the Court Martial, he was hurried away to the Savoy, and at last font in Irons to Portsmouth, and confined with as above, but

fold in Town to Major Douglas for 4.

That Murphy took him aside, while under Confinement; gave him Pen, Ink, and Paper; and persuaded him, with Hopes of Pardon, and Difonarge, to write a Letter of Submission to his Officer; and directed him to fey in his Letter, that he was let on to give Evidence at the Court Martial: That lie bad writ accordingly, but supposes, it did not please:

That he paid Lieutenant Carr £. 10 for his Dischafge, and his other Expences came to 50 more.

Mr. Murphy, JMarlhal of the Guards, confirms Birketl

and Bunvmrth'i being Prisoners, and their being kept close from any Convention, and from Pen, Ink, and Paper; their being handcuff’d, and sent for &ud, that Bunworth was fold and paid for here, before

he went; but fays, the Price was but Three Guineas:

He owns the advising Buuworth to write the Letter, as above; and' lays, that he did it by Captain (daily's Von. 16.

Order: That Captain Wiilmtl Buuworth to Captain Oakley:

That their close Confitetoent Orders: He feid, he knew not, by JvJibfe Orders that were committed; and thit he never has ahy Orckfr in writing for the Commitment of any Person beloagrftjg 4* the Guards

Serjeant Burbffeid, that Btrkitt and Bumvorth Wert Witnesses at a Court Martial: Owned, that be flifarmed them, as lbon as they came nut of the Court; that the£ were carried away by a Guard to the Shvoy; but knows not, by whole Orders ( Owned, that be ordered them be handcuff'd, and few it done; and then feor adray from the Savoy: and laid, that he had his Orders for it from Captain Bull:

That be has paid the Company since September last.; and that the Number of Men was.generally 43* or 451 That there appeared on Mutters, and Field-days; 70, including Servants:

That the Care of the Company was left, in the Colonel’s Absence, with Mr. Rockett, an Apothecary; wito bad the Custody of the Clotthe* add AccoutreniCms, used by those, who appeared only on Mufteis, aAd Field-days:

That there were but 38 in the Company, when it whs delivered to Colonel Chatteris.

The Minutes of thb Court Martial being produced, there appeared no Order for the Commitment of Birkott and Bunworth', only a Resolution, that they had nOt

proved the selfe Mullers.

Widow Griffith said, her Hufbahd, Scijearit Griffith, ordered her to pay Buuworth ami Morgan Haifa Crown each, for muttering; which, he said, the Cokmd would repay:

That Ihe has seen several lifted for Protection, and the Bounty returned for the Colonel's Use.

She produced her Husband’s Pay-book; by whichic appears, that in Colonel Butler's time the Company whs 36, or 38, and in Colonel ChO 46.

Sarah Moriey said, tier Hatband kept a Hackndy

Coach; Was lifted in Colonel Butler's Company above a Year and a half ago, and returned the Bounty-monejf; and never received any Pay, or did any Duty, but enest:

That on the 26th of June be was taken out of his Bed before Six in the Motning, and carried into the Savoy, and fold before Seven for £. 2 by Captain , to go for Spain: That Captain Oakley had owned his felling . him, but laid, he was forty, her Htifoand was gone: That Captain . said, if Ihe Would rkife £. 16 he would get him released:

That the Captain said at another time, in the Prefenoe of Burbyt he Would fend another Man in her Husband’s Read; which, Butby said, was done, meaning Birkett: Then the Captain told her, he must have Three GtiineaS, Two being the Price of her Hutbahd, and the 3d for the Expence of bringing him back.

William Relifon lays, that lie saw Moriey lifted; and the Bourtty-tnohey was returned to Serjeant Griffith t and that Moriey gave Serjeant Griffith A Shilling for a Certificate: That be afterwards few him carried to the Savoy.

Captain Smith feid, he Went with Sarah Moriey to Mr. Roekett, who offered, for £. 7, to use his inteteft With Captain Oakley, that her Husband should be discharged: That Serjeant Griffith hod told him, that arid

Three more, were fold for £. 8, and that he had received the Money: He feid, that he had made Affidavit of all this before Mr. Manley, a Justice of the Peace; and that the Secretary of War was petitioned on thA feme Account; but the Man is sent into Spain.

it appears by Serjeant Griffith'% Book, that there is ah Entry of £. 8, received of Captain Oakley for the Four Mem chat he disposed.

Mr. Billers informed the Committee, that several Pen-foos are muttered, who live in the Country, as well as the Town, only to protect them from their just Debts; and produced Witnesses:

Ordered hm ft dtitver Abyfcs fe

mmm Was btr Sfcrieant Surbf\ Gvu

0

AWci in paying the Gvard*.

648 8d Mail. A, 1711.

Mr. Holden; who said, that Ralph Price, of owes him £. 50, and to Mr. Sedgwick 631 and that Price was arrested, and released upon a Certificate Yrom Sir James Holford.

Mr. Sedgwick confirms the Evidence above in relation

to Price.

Mr. Hinton confirms both their Evidences in relation to Price j and faith further, that Thomas Stead, an Apothecary at Lemfter, was arrested for £. 36, and put into Gaol;

but discharged, being in Brigadier Holt's Regiment:

That Samuel Staples, a Broker, was arrested on 12 Actions, to the Value of above 1,200. He was arrested

on Wednesday, broke a Saturdayand lifted on

and so evaded the Whole.

Mr. Norris fays, that Joshua Glajfmgton owes him above £.40, and has been sued for it; but bids Defiance, as being in the Guards:

That Thomas Ferring owes him 115, for which he has been arrested, but discharged for the same Reason; and both carry on their Trades under the same Protection.

Mr. Atkins produced a List of Persons, that owed him £.722* who were all protected in the Guards; and said, that some of them had been arrested, but were immediately released, because lifted, though they neither do Duty, nor receive Pay.

Mr.' Jones said, that he arrested Francis , who

was discharged, because he was lifted in Colonel Swann's Company:

That he searched the Muster-roll of July last, and not finding Sallaways Name inferred, he was then advised

to arrest him, but, delaying it, found he was muttered again in September, and omitted in the Muster of November following: That he then arrested him; but the Colonel appeared for him, and he was released.

Mr. Marriot said, that Samuel Salter owes him £ 64,

and to several others 7 or £. 800, and is protected in the same Company.

Mr. Spragg said, that Ambrose Mason owes him £. 76; but is protected by the Guards.

Mr. Young said, that one Murdock owes him £.66: He arrested him, and put him into , whence he

was released, as being lifted in the Guards.

Mr. Crips said, that Peter Jones owes him above £.40; but is protected by the.Guards.

Mr. Lovejoy fays, that Edward Erwin, being one he used to deal with, had of him Credit for £. 53 worth of raw Silk, at the Rate of 16 and a Pound, and gave Notes under his Hand for the Money; but, when it was demanded, he bid him Defiance, as being a Soldier in Brigadier Braddock's Company in the Guards, but still carries on his Trade. He further laid, that fold

this very Silk for 1 is.a Pound, ready Money: That, upon his Application to Brigadier Braddock for s

Discharge, it was refused, unless he gave Money.

Mr. Perrin said, that Samuel Staple received £. 150 of his Money, and being pressed to pay it, bad him Defiance, because be was a lifted Soldier.

Mr. Morgan laid, that John Smith and Richard Bay ley prevailed with him to lend them £. 30 on a Bond, and, before it became due, they both lifted themselves in Brigadier Bijfett's and Colonel T Company.

Mr. King said, that James Fox owes him £. too j but is protected by being lifted in Colonel s Company:

That Fox did not only defy, but abuse, him, whenever he met him, until he made his Complaint to Major General Tat ton:

That he applied to Colonel Barrell for his Discharge; who said, Fox was loft:

That Richard Deacon owes him above £. 100; was lifted by the Corporal into Colonel Charteris' Company, but is since discharged.

That one Gulfion, in Colonel Egerten'% Company, owed him £. 40.

That Joseph RoJe, in Colonel Ferrer's Company, owes him £. 70, both whose being lifted arc their Protection.

Mr. Bowler said, that Henry Hays owes him £.75 upon *9

Bond; and is protected by being a Soldier in the (Guards, though he lives in Hamp/htre. 1

Mr. Kemp said, that Hays gave Two Guineas to be entered on a Muster-roll.

Mrs. Horrocks said, that Philip Bernard owes her Mo-

ther £.400 for Goods: That he was lifted for Protection, by Adjutant Parsons, in Major General Holms' Company, and, when he had disposea of the Goods, was discharged:

That she applied to the Major General; who said, he knew nothing of it: That Bernard never did Duty. ’

Mr. Hetherington confirmed Bernard's owing £.^00, his being lifted, and protected, as above; and said, that he applied to Major General Holmes; who laid, he neither knew the Man, nor the Business, nof would protect any from his Creditors; and ordered the Serjeant to produce Bernard; which he did not.

Adjutant Parsons said, that Philip Bernard was recommended to him, and lifted by Major General s

Consent; who would not entertain him, when he found, he only wanted Protection; and that therefore he was discharged.

Mr. Bambridge said, that he was concerned for and that he advised him to lift for Protection:

And that he offered to restore the Goods to Har-rock and Hetherington; Who owned the Offer indeed; but said, the Goods were never produced.

Mr. Price said, that Mr. Christopher Broughton, in the Strand, bought of his Client’s Goods of a considerable Value, for a Price agreed on: That Broughton ‘(after the Goods were delivered) told Price's Client, if be were not content to take Half, he must lose the Whole; for he would bid him Defiance, being a lifted Soldier in the Guards:

That Broughton, being thereupon arrested, applied to the Judge, whose Summons was produced.

He said further, that Toon, a Butcher in street, had been twice arrested, and discharged, being lifted in the Guards; and named several others, whose same was the fame.

Mr. Macmorran said, that Thomas Marreck owes him £. 87, for which he was arrested, and put in;

and discharged, being in Colonel Wheeler's Company.

That Marrock owned before the Lord Chief Justice, that he owed many more considerable Sums, but still carries on his Trade, and pays ready Money for what he buys.

Robert Corruther said, that

Charles Iwinowes him £. 36.

Andrew Bean - - 15.

Cha. Tunnab - - 52.

Edward Duke - - 181.

But all bid him Defiance, being all lifted for the Guards.

Mr. Fulkes said, that John Longden, an Apothecary at Worcester, owes him £. 63, and was arrested, and put in

Worcester Gaol; but was discharged, being lifted in Colonel Charteris'Company:

That he offered to take Lons Effects, and pay all his Debts, and give him £. 100 in his Pocket:

That Longden offered £. 300 for a Commission, whilst he made use of his Protection of the Guards to defraud his Creditors, and now lives like a Gentleman.

-' The Committee observing, that the Complaints of this Kind were very numerous, and being informed by Mr. Billers, that he could furnish them with many Hundreds more, thought it not proper to extend their Examination to such a Multitude of Facts of the same Nature, which only serve to shew the ill Use, that had been made of the Encouragement given to Volunteers in the Act for recruiting the Army; but this Complaint seemed to be made with great Earnestness, as being attended with no less mischievousaConsequence, than the utter Destruction of all Credit in Trade, and consequently of Trade itself.

William Hardifty, a BraGer, laid, that he had lifted himself before Michaelmas last, after the usual Manner, for Protection in Colonel Talbor's Company in the Guards;

Thar

io AnM.

8° Mali. 649

That he never received any Pay, or did any Duty, more than on Muster-dr.ys, but once for Half an Hour; but that he once paid Serjeant Warren 6 and another Serjeant 5 s. for being excused from it; and had made them several Presents for their Favour in that respect:

That he was draughted for Flanders in February last, and lent as far as Harwich; from whence he was ordered to return, being redeemed for Eight Guineas, which his Wife paid Serjeant Warren.

That the Eight Guineas were (ince returned, and a Discharge offered, on Condition he should not complain; but that he cannot yet obtain his Discharge:

That one Safhfcild, in Colonel Miller'% Company, and Three more of the Guards, returned with him from Harwich:

That he believes, Colonel Talbor never knew he was in the Company, for he had never seen him. *

Richard Seddan, a Painter, lifted in Colonel Swan's Company, said, that he returned the Bounty-money, and never received any Pay; but has been forced to hire one to do Duty for him, and pay i$d. i Week for his own being excused:

That be was put into the , for not doing Duty, and released out of it, upon Payment of Two Guineas.

John Ackland, a Harncfs-maker, lifted in the same Company, and Manner, said, he was to be discharged at any time for Three Guineas; which will not now be taken, unless he also provides another Man in his stead:

That he never received any Pay, tho’ he has demanded it, and done Duty.

Colonel Swann laid, in his own Defence, he had been a Prisoner in France Two Years, and could not answer for the Management of his Company in his Absence; but had endeavoured, Cnee he came over, to have none but effective Men in it, and was therefore willing to part with Seddan for another Man; of whom he owned he had received the Two Guineas, which he would return, if he found him a Man, or discharge him for Two more, which another Man would cost him.

Remark Burnt orth said, that several Persons, pressed by Constables, and turned over*by the Commissioners, were d ifeharged for Money by Murphy, the Keeper of the Savoy

Prison; and that other Persons, who have been in the Service, and are discharged, were sent over in their room; by which Means the same Person is fold several times over; and instanced in one

Mr. Thomas Murphy, Keeper of the Savoy Prison, laid,

that Langton, being pressed, and turned over, as above,

had expressed to him his Unwillingness to go beyond the Seas; upon which Murphy offered to fend another in his room for £.4, but Langton, not being able to perform that

Condition, was at last himself sent into Flanders; but being too low of Stature, and too old, was discharged by the commanding Officer of the Regiment, to which he was sent.

Langton confirms his being pressed, and turned over, and his Promise of £. 4 to M, that he might flay behind, which he was not able to perform; but laid, that when he was sent over, it was to save another, who, no doubt, had paid for his Redemption, as be had promUed to do:

That he was indeed discharged by the commanding Aborts hr Officer of the Regiment he was sent to, and brought back paying tbs into England, but not to enjoy his former Liberty; for Guards,

the Minute he landed at Harwich, he was secured by the Serjeant, that came over with him, to be returned to his old Confinement in the Savoy, till Mr. Murphy might have another like Opportunity to fend him over again in the room of some other prest Man, better able to pay his Ran lorn.

It appeared to the Committee, that his Discharge (which was produced) was not in his own Custody, but Mr. Murphy's.

Mr. Hurley and Mr. Bamfordproduced Serjeant and others', in relation to Cheifca Hospital; who said, there were great Numbers, belonging to the Hospital, out upon Furlows; but did not seem to have any thing material to complain of.

They said, that Thomas Hicks, an Oilman near Charing Grofj, was admitted as a Comoral of Horse in the Hospital, tho’ neither want of Health, his.Age, his Circum fiances, nor Time of Service, entitled him to any Share in that Charity.

Mr. Crisp, Mr. Ithell, and Mr. Evans, said, as to the great Numbers, belonging to Cheifca Hospital, that are out upon Furlow, that it was what had always been, and must be; because they had no Power to find them Quarters; and because it was for the Benefit of the Men to be allowed those Furlows, without which, at some times, they would not be able to subsist:

That no Person was ever admitted into the Hospital without a Certificate, signed by the commanding Officer, under whom he had served, or by the Queen’s Order, signed by the Secretary of War, which was never dif-puted; and that Hicks's Admission was on the latter Account.

Thomas Hicks said, he had been 14 Years in the Service, but a good Pact of that time more as a Sutler, than a Soldier: That he had lodged a Petition in the Secretary of Wat’s Office, for the Queen’s Older to be admitted into Chelsea Hospital; which he succeeded in by the means off. 5 given Mr. Arnold, an Under Clerk.

Mr. Hurley said, Charles Domfey was muflered in the Hospital ia December last, though.he died in February before.

Mr. Crisp, Mr. Ithell, and Mr. Evans, owned him so entered on the Roll, but shewed by the Books, that no Pay was allowed him; and said, that no Person is allowed Pay, unless he appears, or a Certificate be produced of his being alive, signed by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish of his Abode.

The Committee, in order to extend their Examinations to all the Companies of the Guards, directed, all the Serjeant Paymasters should attend them; who seemed to agree in having kept no Books, or Accounts, either of the Pay, that had passed through their Hands, or of the Men, that received it; but what could be collected from them, of the N timber of each Company, is as follows:

Vo Ik 16. t B The

Abufw in p*yibgthe

Guards*

65°

8° Mail.

*t. 171

The Names of the SeQeaDte. COMPANIES. The N* of Men paid who do Duty. Muttered (be* fides Servants) who do no Duty, nor receive Pay*

Wareing Talbor’s - 41 24 1

Williams Lloyd’s - - 44 21

Newman Barrell’s - - 41 24

Piercy Sidney’s - - 4* *3

Revington - Holmes’ - - 61 4

Glaffells Anstruther’s - 42 a3

Cleaveland - Wheeler’s - A 42 23

Cteaveland - Egerton’s - 5° *5 \

Doggan Tatton’s - - 62 3 (

W aters Braddock’s 60 5

Wilkinson - Biffett’s 49 6

Edgar Hobart’s - - 60 5

Smith Scawen’s - - 36 29

Davis - Swann’s - 57 8

Kebbey Holford’s - - 4* 2S

Lewis - Smith’s - 49 6 J

All agree in having muf-V tered 70 ineach Company. f including the Officers, and f' Servants. 3

Chartris, and Catbcart'% are mentioned before; Ferrer's and Meller's Serjeants did not appear: And they all agree in one Method of Cloathing; viz. Sixty new Coats and Pair of Breeches, Twenty new Waistcoats, and the old Coats to make up the rest.

But, because the Committee were informed, that the Number, lifted in each Company for Protection, did as much exceed their Complement, as their Complement did theireffe&ive Number, thought the properest Means, to discover the Truth of this, was, by comparing of the Five last Mutters, beginning at that in May, 1710, from which Time it appeared, there had been no Draughts made out of the Guards for the Army Abroad; and the Numbers of Men in those feteral Mutters, omitted in that of January last, are as in the Account annexed.

COMPANIES. Muttered in the Four first Mutters, and emitted in that of January The Mutter of January, including Servants. Total* including Servants. Men that receive Pay, and do Duty.

Holmes’ 58 70 128 61

Swann’s - 3» 70 102 57

Barrett’s - m - 38 70 I08 4*

Tatton’s - - - - 43 70 "3 62

Charteris’s - - - 5° 70 m 38 or 41

Miller’s - - m 38 70 108

Anstruther’s - - - - 29 70 99 1

Talbor’s - - - 6r 70 131 4i

Ferrer’s - - - 38 70 108

Cathcart’s - - - - 67 70 i37 43 or 45

Egerton’s - - 34 70 104 5°

Lloyd's - - - - 56 70 126 44

Sidney’s - - 26 70 96 4»

Wheeler’s - - - W 5° 70 112 42

Braddock’s - - - 18 70 88 60

Hobart’s - - - - 26 70 96 60

Biffett’s - - - - 33 70 113 49

Holford’s - - m 19 t 70 89 42

Smith’s - - 11 7° 81 49

Scawen’s - - - - 50 70 120 j 36

Col. Charterss acquainted the Committee, that at the last Muller Mr. Hurley used him with great Inference at the Mead of his Company, and insulted him to that degree, before a great Number of the Officers of the Regiment, that nothing could have induced him to bear it, but the great Regard he had for the House, and the Committee, whose Authority Hurley pretended on this Occasion, to countenance his ill Behaviour: This he proved by Witnesses; viz. Serjeant Cook, Corporal Corbett, and Mr. Caddell.

Major General Fat ton said, that he was among the Officers at the Mutter, and saw Hurley insult Colonel Chartris, and heard his insolent Language, which was such, as amounted to a Challenge, and what he wondered, the Colonel would bear: He said also, that Colonel Charteris had brought Men out of Scotland, and (pared no Care or Expence to have a good Company; and that his appeared to be so: He confirmed what was before said of his deciding the Difference between Colonel Charteris, and Williams, his Serjeant.

Colonel Cathcart, said, in his own Defence, that he was

H

so very much indisposed, when he obtained the Command of his Company, that he was not able to appear abroad to be presented to it.

That, as soon as he was able to bear the Journey, he went into Scotland j where he had continued in the same ill State of Health, till he heard, his Name was mentioned in this Complaint:

That he was in Scotland, when the Court Martial fat upon the Complaint of Birkett and and knows

nothing of that whole Affair, but by the Account, which his Lieutenant gave him; who wrote him word, that Birkett and Bunworth were imprisoned, and sent abroad, as a Punishment for their Perjury and Ingratitude: To which he had returned this Answer, that he was sorry they were sent abroad; for that he thought, if they had done imifs, they ought to have been punished according to Law:

That he never paid fewer Men than the Complement, which the Queen allows:

That he had indeed desired Mr. Rockett to manage the Affairs of the Company, when, by reason of his

Sickness,

ioAnn. 8° Mail

Sickness, as well as Absence, he could not himself do it; but if Rockttt had done any thing amiss, it was without his Knowlege, or his Orders.

As to Morley, he said, he knew nothing of him, or the

other Three Men, that were Ibid. and that, if his Serjeant Griffith had received any Money for them, it was without his Knowlege; for that he had never received it of the Serjeant, nor ever made up any Account with them.

Mr. Arnold, Clerk to the Secretary at War, owned, that he bad received the Five Pounds of but said, in

his own Defence, it was only a Gratuity, given him after the Order for the Admission into Hospital was

obtained, for which he had made no previous Bargain.

Thomas Hicks laid, that he had made no previous Bargain with Mr. Arnold., to give him any thing, but that, after he had obtained his Dclire, he thought himself in Gratitude obliged to make him that Present.

Captain Oakley, desiring to be heard in his own Defence, said, that he had been employed in recruiting, and had never heard, till the Night before, of his Name being mentioned in any Complaint to the Committee:

That be knew nothing of the Letter, which advised Bunuortbto write, nor ever saw it; and that he

was no ways concerned in that Affair, having never belonged to that Company:

That he knew nothing of being lifted in it;

and that he was then in Fl; but that there was fume Men ordered to be turned over out of the Guards into other Regiments (being underfized) which he informed Captain Bath of (a recruiting Officer) who went and agreed with Griffith, the Serjeant of the Company, Lr them; but lie had no Hand in felling them:

That1 he endeavoured to get released, purely

out of Compaftinn, and laid out Four Pounds on that Account, of which he had received no mere than Two Pounds, the Price of Birkettwhom he had sent in Morley' s stead, but he would not be received:

That Mrs. Morin offered him Ten Pounds for her Husband’s Release, which he refused; and said, he desired nothing but the Expence he should beat in effecting it.

Birkett said in his Evidence, that he was refuted by the Officers in Colonel Ls Regiment, in which hlorley was.

Private Men mu tiered in Major General s

Company, which ha\e 1km mullered in thelcvcral Hulls following, not on the Muster-roll of 24th

January, 1710.

In the 13 May 1710. William Abbott John Grant Nathaniel Lucce Lawrence Tanllcy Jenilon Barr.it Joseph Becktord Ralph Goiling Randolph Harrilbn Anthony Johnson Kendrick Jones Richard Mathews Benjamin Pullinfon John Parish Bartholomew Sims Jeffery Thornton William Lovejoy Francis Cromwell

In the 18 July, 1710. Thomas Holt James Lee Thomas Mitchell John Pugh Robert Randall

(ico. Yarn aid Robert Elliot Wm. Povejoy (iuics Alley Wm. Horner Tho. Jones In the 16 Septem, 1710.

Tho. Crols Wm. Fleming Tho. Godfrey John Gilbert Wm. Johnson Chr. Noakes John Pearson Tho. Reather John Scymar Tho. Satur Ben. Wickers Tho. Wdenton In the 15 November, 1710. Wm. Hobbs John Long Richard Bartington

In N° 43 j which, with 70 muttered 24 January, 17to, amount to 113.

Vol. 16.

Private Men muftcred in Colonei Francis C/htrieris Abafcs in his Company, which have been muttered in the several Rolls following, not on the Roll of 24 January, 1710.

Tho. Longdon Ja. Molder

In the 13 May, 1710.

Sam. Collander John Longdon John Smith Richard Simons James Wakefeild James Akeman Tho. Duncomb Robert Ewers Dan. Long Ban* Mold Cha. Pridgen Richard Subans Hen. Simpson Wm. Sandwich Robert Taylor Hen. Wall John Well Tho. Neham Sam. Wilson Jof. Porter John Pitman In the 18 July, 1710.

{muttered fid: yet ride t)ie same Nuaie

in Jlotford'f,

17 July.

Tho. Collyander Tho. Cranston I n N* 501 which, with 70 muftcred 24 January, 1710, amount to 120.

Sam. Mathews John Pratt John Gibson John Sandwich Geo. Wilson Ben. Goulden Jof. Parker Dan. Jones Wm. Robefon Wm. Henley Richard Babham Tho. Sphire In the 16 Sept. 1710. Arthur Dcakins Dari. Harris In the 25 Novem, 1710. John Adilon Wm. Cranston Wm. Hill Patrick Hurly liaac Jones Neamv Jacomb Geo. Milfom Miles Rivett John Walker John Webb

Private Men muttered in Colonel Humphry Miller % Company, which have been in the several Muster-roils following, not on the Roll of 24 Januaryi

1710. In the 13 May, 1710. Fra. Serrall

Oliver Davis Ja. Harris

Tho. Franks Andr. Mackoln

Sam. Daniel John White

Sam. Harris John Williams

Ben. Hawkins In the 16 Sept. 1710.

Sam. Harvey Jer. Buckingham

John Ockford Nich. Ives

Edward Realy Wm. Lowe

John Frifke Hen. Mandy

Jonath. Wood Win. Rafter

Law. Walhington John Yalraven

Jof. Whetten Fra. Serle

Alex. Miller Edward Page

John Cram pc Wm. John lion

In the 18 July, 1710. In the 15 Noveljits.

John Eyres Edward Bird

Caleb Cole John Crampe

Steph. Jndon David Provit

Tho. Marten Wm. Ray

Richard Oliver John Clifton

In N* 38; which, with 70 muttered 24 ,

1710, amount to 108.

Private Men muttered in Colonel Philip Anstruther'% Company, which have been in the several Mutter-rolls following, not on the Roll of 24 January, 1710.

Robert Dillingham Win. Fallen Tho. Kemp John Turpin \

Philip Warren Tho. Wall

Nath.

In the 13 May, 1710.

In the 18 July, 1710. Sam. Banton Tho. Bird Nieh. Cobley

8°Mail. A. tin.

Abuses in p ty ing the Cua»4».

Nath. Winter Sam. Wood Richard Lewis So\om. Nicholls In the 16 Sept. 1710. Tho. Barker Fortune Farrell Cha. Jarman Dennis Morphew John Reading Tho. Rayne

John Skute Tho. Walker Richard Griffith Martin Yaldin Baldwin Higgons, senior Robert Williams In the 15 Novem, 1710.

John Watkins Ben. Mountague Wm. Newton Tho. Gouds

In N* 29; which, with 70 muttered 24 January, 1710, amount to 99.

Edward Weltft In the 16 Sept. 1710.

John Cook Richard Davis Richard Lovett Richard ltobarts In N* 38; which, with iy 10j amount to 108.

Chris. Spillar James Wilcocks In the 25 November, 171c* Edward England Tho. Robson Roger Stouton 70 muttered 24

Private Men muttered in Colonel James

Company* which have been muttered in the fevera Mutter-rolls following, not on the Mutter-roll 01 24 January, 1710.

Private Men muttered in Colonel Philip Talbor’s Company, which have been in the several Rolls following, not on the Mutter Roll of 24 x 1710.

In the 13 May, 1710.

John Charleton Richard Harris Abra. Iamb John Morris James Morphew John Shoesmith Tho. Smith Wm. Tomblin RicharJ Warren Robert Booth 'Math. Bull Wm. Christmas Dennis CottehiU Edward Ems Tho. Greenwood Hen. Martin John Simons Wm. Smith James Withall Robert Gibbins Wm. Tatte Wm. Smith Tho. Young In the 18 J 1710.

Jof. Baker John Biffiopp Wm. Carter John Herbert John Hedge Fra. Norman Richard Pony Jof. Painter

Tho. Seller Wm. Sebin Adam Wyatt Jof. Watkins Edward Wiggly Wm. Woodworth John Wagftaffe Tho. Hold fall In 16 September, 1710. Robert Baker Robert Buffiy Tho. Carter Hen. Cooper Edward Eves Robert Grimes Sam. Jewkes Tho. Loton Richard Shaw Steph. Smith Humphry Sweetland John Prince John Cook Roger Jerkin In the 25 Nove, 1710. Wm. Brice Tho. Denner Fra. Evelidge Fra. Green Ralph Randle Richard Roe Tho. Wynn Tho. Brice

In the 13 May, 1710. Richard Atherton John Bull Jof. Grover Wm. Morley John Oldfeild John Price Tho. Parfitt Tho. Small John Butler John Bird John Channon John Horsley John Hairbottle James Jones Philip Haunter Richard Mullins John Potter Wm. Saunders Wm. Tanttey Edmund Wath Wm. Wallis John Channell In the 16 Sept. 1710. John Abfom Jof. Brent Adam Burgin Edward Jackson Edward Piper Steph. Smith Chr. Wells Isaac Holloway Tho. Suard Wm. Howell Robert Dent Patrick Griffin

In the 18 July, 1710.

Miles Barron Robert Bow Tho. Barwick Abra. Cooper Rich. Crothy John Catto Wm. Gayne Alex. Gregory Geo. flattings Tho. Harding John James Sebalt. Martti Hen. Morgan Law. Cafely Wm. Moor John Russell John Orme Luke Simpson Mark Stone John Simons John Hutchins Robert Sunderiaod Cha. Kibby Tho. Starkey Chr. Henley In the 25 November, lyiO, Remark Bunworth Corn. Cane Jof. Garalh Wm. Goff . Philip Giles Robert Hairbottle Ja. Lacy

Sigifmond Phipps

In N* 67; which, with 64 muttered 24 Jaituar, 1710, amount to 131.

In N° 61; which, with 70 muttered 24 January, 1710, amount to 131.

Private Men muttered in Brigadier Thomas Ferrers his Company, in the following Rolls, not on Muster-roll of 24 January, 1710.

In the 13 May, 1710. Ben. Bates Titus Hopley Wm. Longbridge Abra. Thomas Evan Thomas Arthur Bowyer Wm. Bradford Wm. Blackford John Blackeley Edward Hill Wm. Jones Sam. Lloyd Tho. Maniftry Rice Robarts

Sam. Ragg Barnard Thatcher In the 18 July, 1710. Steph. Bond Edward Cocks Edward Inland Hen. Johnson John Mane Sam. Mooring Peter Peltare Cha. Spellar Wm. Stroud Wm. Trotter Walter Vaughan John Whiller

Private Men muttered in Colonel Wm. Egerto* Company, which have been in the several Mude rolls following, not on the Muster-roll of 24

nuary, 1710.

In the 13 May, 1710. John Humphryes Sam. Hewy John Merritt W m. Shakerfpear Robert Taylor Dan. Thornton Wm. Wire Jof. Conyham Tho. Philliplbn Martin Clingbell Denis Call Tho. Hales Robert Lakcing John Jones Peter Jones

Jonath. Monck Barnard Pooley Mich. Piper Richard Powick Peter Badow Ja. Taylor Sam. White

In^he 18 July, 1710.

In the 16 Sept. 1710. Laur. Bull Jof. Cony Edward Hartley Maur. bhutter John S.vann John Saunders

io Ann.

8° Ma

<*53

la the 25 November, 1710. Tho. Shepard John Lloyd Dan. Wilkinson

Tho. Rawlins Ellis Depuc

Tim Yeals

In N° 35; which with 70 muttered 24 January, Indie 13 1710,

Private Men muttered In Colonel Andrea Abate* in

Company, which havt been in the several Mutter- ^acSanfc. rolls following, not on the Roll of 24 January,

1710.

Robert Rives

1710, amount to 105.

Private Men muttered in Colonel William

Company, which have been muttered in the iWe-ral Rolls following, not on the Mutter-roll of 24 January, 1710.

In the 13 May, 1710. John Devereux Tho. Hewlet Laur. Smith Hen. Welsh Jof. Wright Tho. Austin Ja. Alitton Ja. Avcrtoo Ja. Cave Tho. Hewit Hen. Johnson Richard Lee John Lewis Robert Pugh John Page John Thomas Tho. Thue

In the 18 June, 1710. John Alhmeat John Anderson Ja. Chandler Jof.C >oper Nath. Davis Wm. Devereux Robert Eddington Geo. Freeman John Lloyd John Fleet Wm Jones In N* 56;

710, amount

Sam. Lee Richard Mugg Rowland Owen Edward Rawlins Geo. Tomplon

Ja. Watson In the 16 Sept. 1710.

Geo. Anderson Tho. Cranige Lewis Evans Edward Grots Tho. Heaward Jof. Kingston Richard Leigh Andr. Newboy Rice Pugh Fran. Pinder John Rogers John Thomas Wm. Williams John Brouch John Black John Johnson Fran. Pinner In the 25 November, 1710. John Howard Richard Lee Wm. Robertson Tho. Vine Wm. Browne which, with 70 muttered 24 January, to 126.

Tho. Coleman Wm. Davis Ja. Kenir Robert Lockey Wm. Siley Alexander Tutt Jof. Taylor Tho. Winter John Brown Jof. Broocks John Baftow Tho. Crockett John Johnson Wm. Jewes Edward Jackson Wm. Lewen Ja. Nicholls David Richards Wm. Tutton Ja. Windcrham Geo. Wilthcir Wm. Baker Sam. Clarke In the 18 July, 1710. Tho. Dcvenith Wm. Garland

Ralph Sayer Hen. Savidge Sam. Clarke Tho. Judge In the 16 Sept. 1710.

Ja. Bowtcber Wm. Coo fee

Hugh Hooks Ralph Hickman John Lumley John Powell John Rival!

John Robarts Wm. Ward Wm. Coventon Tho. Winter Hen. Sely In the 25 November, 1710, Sam. Haffory Ja. Renter Peter Malliot Simon Mellith Edward Row Ralphfield Storer Wm. Sand ford John Drapper

In the 11 May, 1710. John Colifon Edward Harris Wm. Millen Geo. Marrow

__________ Timo. Pomfrett

Tobias Robinson

Private Men muttered in Colonel Thomas Sidney's Fra. Lund

Company, which have been muttered on the feve- In the 17 July, 1710.

In N* 46; which, with 70 muttered 24 ,

1710, amount to 116.

Private Men muttered in Major General Braddock's Company, which have been in the several Mutter-rolls following, not on the Roll of 20 January, 1710.

ral Mutter-rolls following, not on the Roll of 24 January, 1710.

In the 19 Sept. 1710.

Ja. Haward John Penn John Beaver Christo. Blunkett In the 19 November, 1710. Hen. Cockfon Hen. Hains 1 John Hayward Cutb. Smith Wm. Turner

In the 13 May, 1710. Martin Bone Andr. Comb Robert Evins Robert Gregson John I.ong Richard Pheebe Tho. Page Robert Sand ford Richard Briggins Sam. Chapman Tho. Clark Edmund Hill Hen. Hepparfon John Hole man

Wm. Little Bernard Lovit Peter Phittion John Wilson Hen. Poynar Jacob Garrison Ja. Robinson In the 18 July, 1710.

Fra. Haynes Robert Reimifs David Prefhufs In the 16 Sept. 1710.

Wm. Little In the 15 November, 1710.

Richard Cobbet Richard Lewis In N* 18; which, with 70 muttered 20 ,

1710, amount to 88.

Private Men muttered in Brigadier John Hobart's Company, which have been in the several Mutter-rolls following, not on the Roll of 20 January, 1710.

Wm. Pickering In the 17 July, 1710.

James Long

In N* 26; which, with 70 muttered 24 710, amount to 96.

In the 11 May, 1710. Wm. Bidwell Christo. Barrey John Clarke Jof. Cooper Sam. Crafwick Tho. Dent Ja. Hudson Jonath. Hawes Tho. Jones Tho. Littleboy Jof. Norris fho. Parkins

John Gillingham Jofu. Ward Wm. Collier Ja. Hambleton In the 19 Sept. 1710.

John Miller Tho. Stanton . Jof. Tuffhail John Uting In the 18 November, 1710. Hen. Broake

Vol. 16,

8 C

John

Abuseriu paying Guam.

664

8° Ma

A. 17*1.

lobn-Keto Wen. Dulkin

John Wade Edward Watkins

io W* >6 ? which* with 70 muttered, 20 January 1710, amount 1096.

- *V? *~!T T' n — *..... "

Private Men rpuftewd in Brigadier Andrew Rifle?* Company, which have been mustered in the fcve-ral R^l^fcdlowing, npt on the Roll of ao January, 1710.

In the 11 May, 17 |Oi In the 19 Sept. 1710.

John Bridgay Tho. Burkett

Tho. Deppis Jof. Church

Tho. Dovey Cuthb. Crispe

Tho. Fenn John Ducke

Wm. Mills John Porter

Fra. Mallar4 Christo. Stockdale

Geo. Rooke Steph. Mafkall

John Dukp In the 18 1719.

Tho. Dyer Wm. Bumpals

Wm. Hicks Richard Cook

Jaf. Hfirpaan Fra. Gooday

In 17 July, 1719. John Green

Cha. Erwin v Tho. Sherley

Wm. Jones David Shel)ey

Wm. inchfl^ft Tho. Waker

Wm. Morgilj Ja. Broadcoate

Tho. John M?gVis

Hen. VanqpU

In N* 33 i which, with 70 mustered zo January, 17 IQ, W«unt tp 103,

Private Men unuftered in Colonel Fronds s

Company, which have been mustered in the several Mutter-rolls following, not on the Boll of January, 1710.

In the u May, 1710. Jone Done

Hen. Baldwin James' After

Cha. Baker Wm. Preston

Hum.Bafkervile Edward Jones

Wm: Gorroeck. Aatho. Ireby

John Cham'bers In tire 17 July, 1710.

Wm. Denison Fca. Baylis

Dan. Dunstar Fra. Freeman

John Dewdnev Edward Jones

John Davis Hen. Harris

Sam. Galkin Charnel Petty

Ben. Holmes Robert Read

Tho. Hoare John Smith

Jof. Lovell Tho. Watts

Robert Robinson John Watkins

Paul Slade John Blackett

Laur. Stanton Hen.' Norman

Robert Strong In the 19 September, 1710,

Tho. White Tho. Arferson

Jof. Cox John Cooper

Evan Davis Sam. Dawson

Sam. Orton Benja. Shoecrofe

Sam. Prockter Robert Read

Sam. Prince Sam. Parkuft

John Daly Evan Davis

Isaac Smith In the 19 November, 1710,

Wm. Jones Tho. Lambert

In N* 50; which, with 70 mustered ao January, 1710, amount to 120.

Private tyfep mustered in Sir James Halford's Corp-

Smy, which have been mustered in the several oll§ following, not on the RoH of 2Q January, 1710.

In the 11 May, 1710. Harry Tilvard

James Cook Edmond Neale

(t* <*,! Th«', H'nS5

C. Wm. Andrews

Sam. Jeyes Fra. West

Peter Rose Sam. Meger

Tho. Carter In the 18 November, 1710.

Richard Dean J^hn Weld

John Roberts John Wright

In the 17 July 1710, Cha. Horne

Richard-Coates John Newdigate In N° 19; which, with 70 mustered 20 January, 17.19* amount to 89.

Private Mfn mustered in Colonel Timas Smith’s ' Company, which have been mustered in the several Rolls foUuwing> not on the MuftewqU of 20 nuary* 1719.

In the it Mqt> 1719* Richard Witty

Barnard Wilcoxfoo In the 17 July, 1710, John Woods Wm. Capflftu, Poundell Short

Richard Easton Wm. Pye

Tho. Gardner Richard James

John King Jonath. Tompkins

In N° 11; Vfkiok, Vfitlj 70 mustered 20 January, 1710, amount to &r.

Private Men in Colonel John Holmes his Company, which have been mustered in the several Muster-rolls following, not on the Muster-roll of aa January, 1710.

In the 18 November, 1710. Robert Bohanan

Robert Arton John Cousins

John Bell Tho. Goodier

Sam. Clarefon Robert Herring

Richard Dawson John Kitchen

John Fielding Amber. Mason

Geo. Gamond Jaf. Rolfe

Ja. Glanfeild Wm. Rigby

Tho. Hare Richard Swaine

Tho. Haines Tho. Ward

Wm. Idell John Low

Tho. Mars John Gott

John Peyton Adam Henley

Mich. Parry John Williams

John Price In the n May, 1710.

In the 19 Sept. 1710-. Geo. Carey

Edward Barker Wm. Cousins

John, Clegs’ Tho. Fofter

Tho. Dawson. Hen. Gage.

Robert HalfteacJ Geo. Hickman

John Hall John Jones

Ja. Morphew Wm. Oakes

John Mars Charnell Petty

Morris Rawfton John Rufleli

Adam Wyett Cha. Ttmah

Geo. Devereux Wm. Tooley

Geo. Buckmaster Webster Wootton

In the 17 July, 1710. Geo. Murray

Tho. Allen Wm. Peate

Chr. Blunt Edward Underwood

John Bull Wm. Langftaff

In N° 58; which, with 70 mustered 20 January, 1710, amount to 128.

Private

io Ann. S" — 9° Mail.

PHv&tc Meta in Colonel Sevan's Company, which ha^e been rnuftered in the several Muster-rolls followings not on the Mnftet-roU of«o Jammy, tyiO,

In the it November, 1710. Tho. Syrropfell

Geo. Burnett Ft*. Btightwell

John Harris of John (I on Jonath. Jones Cha. Mailfome Hugh Ocaban Wm. Ryley Robert Sample Tho. Williams John Wilson In the 19 Sept. 1710. Jof. Afqutth Cha. By land John Cawdry In the 1 7 July, 1710.

Den. For; ell

In N* 31; which, with 1710, amount to toz.

In the 11 May, 1 10.

Jof. Afltewr Robert Berry Wm. Bocock Wtn. Butt Tho. Bully John Bicklcy Geo. Hickfon Tho. Jones Wm. Jolley Tho. Keller John Lomax Richard Phipps Jonas Stephauon Fra. Solway Robert Fisher John Fkcknoe 70 mullered ao Jammy,

Private Men in Colonel Barrett's Company, which hate been rnuftered in the several Muster-rolls following, not found on the Muster-roll of 20 , 1710.

In the 25 November, 1710. Tho. Watts

John Dabbs Morris Fitzgarold Wm. Turt Dan. White Wm. Knifton Wm. Capell In the 16 Sept. 1710. John Harris Jof. Rayner Jof. Lynn Edward Duke Antho. Turner In the 18 July, 1710. Leonard Btyon John Brown Tho. Bishopp John Sharp Ja. Wright Ja. Carter Geo. Simpson

Adam Lr-ng In the 13 May, 1710. Wm. Holtihipp G<-o. Po.vcll Jof. Sherwin John Short Ja. Bright Jer. Barnes Fra. Boon Hen. Cook Emanuel Hall John M'koy Alexander M'danncll Robert Payne Tho. Smith Chr. Sherlock Tho. Underwood Tho. Wood Wm. Dodd Richard Revel!

In N* 38 iwhich, with 70 mustered ao January, 1710, amount to 108.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Jtftiett of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Peace Qua- whole House, to whom the Bill for the better qualifying lification. Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, be received uponTutfday Morning next.

Aftinw Revived, That this House will, upon Morning

Company, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade to Africa.

Scotch I.ineh Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Mamiftitture. whom the Bill to prevent Abuses in making and whitening of Linen Cloth of North Britain, and for the regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal sorting of Yam for each Piece, and to hinder the Exportation of Flax of the Growth of North Britain, and all Sorts of Linen Tarn, to foreign Parts, was committed, be taken into Confederation upon Tuesday Morning next.

Pnfervstion Ordered, That the Committee, who are to draw up ot Game. Realotis, to be offered to the Lords, for disagreeing to the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Act, of the Fifth Tear of her Ma*-

Vou 16.

jbftyV Reign (for the better Prriefvation of the Game) perpetual, and for making the tame more effectual, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Cary, Mr. , Mr. Pen- Thame* jdafviti Mr. Seymour, Mr. Seabed, Colonel &c. Ktheiy.

bit added to the Committee, to whom the Bill Tor the better Preservation and Improvement of the Ftlhcry toitblh the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, Was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 90 die Maii;

Anno io*Ann* Regime, 1711.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act

to explain, and make more effectua), a Clause, Litton’* relating to the Estate of Dame Rebecca Litton, deceased, Eft*1* in an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of Sir John Ballet, Baronet, a Lunatick, wak read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Wm. Powlet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Chapman reported from the Committee, to whom Dunstable. it was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the &c. Rond*. Lords, for disagreeing to the Amendment, made by them to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley, in the County of that they had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table j where they were twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and are as follow; viz.

The Commons cannot agree to the Amendment, made by your Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Dunstable and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, Skin the id, Line the 13th 9

Because the Persons, appointed tobe Trustees, should be proper Persons for the Execution of the Trull reposed in them by this Bill, and free from all manner of Objec- . tions, which, the Commons conceive, the Persons, added by your Lordships, are not.

For the Commons are informed, that Symon Taylor, le-nior, is the chief Manager of the Toll, appointed by an Act, of the 5th Year of the Queen (intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between Hockley and Wooburn, in the County of Bedford) is Surveyor of the Highways to be repaired by the said Act, and receives and disposes of the Money, arising by the said Toll, accountable only to the Quarter Sessions $ and as the said Toll, and that granted by this Bill, lie contiguous to each other, if the Interest of one should in anywise prove' inconsistent with that of the other, Symon Taylor, senior, who is lb nearly concerned in the Interest of the first, cannot be thought a proper Person to determine Disputes, that may arise in the Management of the last.

And Symon Taylor, junior, is the Son of Symon,

senior, and therefore, it may reasonably be supposed, will always aft under his Influence and Controul.

The Commons dedine at this time offering any other Reasons, believing, what has been said may be sufficient to prevail with your Lordships not to inGft on the Amendment, that a Bill, so necessary, may not be loft.

Ordered, That the said Reasons be delivered to the Lords at a Conference.

Ordered,

6$6

9*- — 10° Maii. A. 17 ri.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Chapman do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Supply Bill; A Bill for railing One million Five hundred thousand Lottery, &c. pounds, for Orders, to be payable in Course out of a Fund for One hundred and forty thousand Pounds per Annum, for Thirty-two Years, with a certain Increase of Principal and Interest, according to several Classes, with Addition of Chances, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to receive a Clause, for rectifying a Mi (take in the Act, paired this Session (intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and appropriating, certain Duties upon several Commodities, to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals, to be Water-borne, and carried Coastwise, and for granting further Duties upon Candles, for Thirty-two Years, to raise Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottevy, for the Service of the Year 1711; and for supprefiiing such unlawful Lotteries, and such Insurance Offices, as are therein mentioned) relating to the Exportation of Coals from the West of England to Ireland.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to receive a Clause, to prevent Frauds by running Tobacco from the Isle of Man.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to receive a Clause for explaining Part of the Act, of the Seventh Year of her Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for ascertaining, and directing the Payment of, the Allowances, to be made for or upon the Exportation from Scotland of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with foreign Salt, imported before the First Day of May, 1707, and for disposing such Salt, still remaining in the Hands of her Majesty’s Subjects there, and for ascertaining, and securing, the Allowances for Fish and Flesh exported, and to be exported, from Scotland, for the future) relating to the Payments of the Charge of keeping up the Courts of Session and Judiciary, and Exchequer Court, in Scotland.

House, to consider further of the Bill for laying a Duty upon Hops.

Then the Managers were called over, and they went Con to the Conference: witJl

And being returned; 1

Mr. Chapman reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference, and given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to their Lordships Amendment; and left the Bill, and Amendment, with their Lordships.

The House resolved itself again into a Committee'of Sopp the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for lay- HoP ing a Duty upon Hops.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone1 through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. e

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Bail ing next, retblve itself into a Committee of the whole M House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1711, alt ho’ the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Lord Fermannagh, Colonel Mr. l<

Fitch, Mr. Fleetwood, Mr. Bracebridge, Sir Gilbert Dol- t ben. Lord Castle Comer, Mr. Bertie, and all that serve for the Counties of Northampton and Leicester, be added to the said Committee, to whom the ingrofi'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act toenable Trustees to make Building Leases of Part of the Estate, late of John Lovett, de? ceased, lying in the City of Dublin, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovist io* die Mail;

Anno io* Ann® Reginse, 171

Camtlford The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Retnra Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Camel-ameaded. ford, in the County of Cornwall.

The Orders of the Day being read:

Supply Ml} The House relblved itself intoa Committee of the whole

Hop Duties. House, upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon Hops.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that they were acquainted, that, the House having sent to the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matterof their Lordships Amendment to the Bill (intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley, in the County of Bedford) the Lords have agreed to a Conference, and appointed it pcefently, in the Painted Chamber} and that the Committee had directed him to move the House, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Confewne* Mr. Chapman reported, that he having (according to with Lords, Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference; the Lords have agreed to the Conference, and have appointed the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up the Reasons, be the Managers of the said Conference.

Supply Fill; Refohed, That this House will, immediately after the

Hup Dutiut! Conference, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Prayers.

MR. Monekton reported from the Committee, who pin(

were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered Am to the Lords, for disagreeing with their Lordships in an Amendment, by them made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of white Pine Trees, growing in her Majesty’s Colonies of New Hampshire, the Bay, and Province of Main Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganset Country, or King's Providence, and ConneSUcut, in New England, New York, and

New Jersey, in America, for the mailing her Majesty’s Navy; that they had drawn up the Reasons accordingly, which they directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; where they were twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon (with an Amendment) agreed unto by the House, and are as follow; viz.

The Commons cannot agree to the Amendment, made by your Lordships, Pr. ill. Line the 30th, by adding, after the Word " Earth," " within Five Miles " of the Sea, or the navigable River Because the Sea-coasts, and Lands lying on Rivers, are the Parts first planted, and moll coveted, both for Fertility, and Convenience, and are now, by the great Increase of People, generally cultivated, and the Trees destroyed: and where the Ground is not cleared, yet the Lands within the Compass of Five Miles are for the moll part taken up, and become the Property of private Persons therefore, if this Restraint should be fixt to those Limits only, it would preserve very few Trees, fit for the Service of the Navy.

IO ANN.

io° Mail.

Moggie ft on's ElUte.

Tyih* of Hops.

Standard of Plate.

And the Commons conceive, that, should this Bill pass with this Limitation, it would rather encourage, than prevent, the Mischief complained of; since it might from thence be inferred, that the Inhabitants of those Colonies bad thereby a licence, at lead implicitly, granted them to destroy the bed Trees growing beyond those Limits: And since it was thought necessary in the late Reign to prevent thisAbufe, by establishing an Officer, to take care of such Trees, as were fit for Mads, and to keep an exalt Regiderof them, in all the Colonies, mentioned in the Bill, who has ever since been continued at a great Expence, and condant Salary; therefore they cannot think it proper to redrain the Bounds of that Officer’s Charge, and make them less, than the Extent of his Commission now is.

And since all the Mads for Ships of the id and 2d Rate, and the greated of the 3d Rate, are now brought from her Majesty's Plantations, and dand from 24 to 39 Inches Diameter in the Navy Contrail, and Length proportionable, whereas those from , and th z Baltic,

are only from Seven to 28 Inches Diameter; and few Countries producing any l'o large, and tall, as that Part of America belonging to the Crown of England; but such Trees, fit for Mads, and of the larged Dimensions, being very scarce in those Plantations; the Commons conceive, it is both reasonable, and necessary. that the Licentiousness of those Inhabitants should be redrained, and they not lufil-red to cut such Trees on her Majesty’s I^nds for Lumber, when there is Plenty of others, fit for that Pur-pote, that are allowed them.

And therefore the Commons hope, your Lordships will agree, that the Officer, appointed for that Purpose, may (by the Provisions in this Bill) be enabled to preserve the Trees of the Dimensions specified, and not infid on that Amendment.

Ordered, That the said Reasons be delivered to the Lords at a Conference.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Monckton do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Mr.Vice-chambcrlain reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale ut certain Lands and Tythes in the Manor of Tonge, in the County of Leiccjlelate the Edate of William Muggicfton, dcccakd, and the Distribution of the

Money t hereby arising, pursuant to a Settlement, made of the said Lands and Tythes by the said Hm. was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and tound the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hint to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Cleric’s Table.

Sir Robert Marsham presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for ascertaining the Tythe of Hops; and the same was received.

A Bill for altering the Standard of Plate, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr. Peyton, Mr. Berkl, Mr. Shaker ley. Sir Richard Hoar, Mr. Hart, Mr. , Sir Richard Leving,

Mr. Law/on, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Freeman, Sir Thomas Johnson, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bay ley, Sir Mr. Hunger/ord, Colonel Lee, Sir Wm. Withers, S\T James Campbell, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Ant. *, Sir Richard Faring!on. Sir Roger Mojlyn, Mr. Scobell, Sir Gilbert Elliott, Sir. Hen Johnson, Mr. Homage, Mr. Ogle-

thorp, Colonel Berkeley, Mr. Brydges: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Rogers and Mr. Metier:

Vox* 16.

6S1

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, DunlUbf* that their Lordships do not infill on the Amendment, made &c- Roa<1* by them to the Bill, intituled, An All for repairing the Highways between Dunstablt and Hockley, in the County of Bedford:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Attempt on All to make an Attempt on the Life of a Privy Coun-fellor, in the Execution of his Office, to be Felony without feiior.

Benefit of the Clergy, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to New Wind the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elcHing a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of in the room of William Paul, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better preserving publick Credit, by reviving, and continuing, the AH, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third (intituled, An All torellrain the Number, and ill PraHices, of Brokers and Stock jobbers) and to preserve the Equivalent, given to the Lord Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, be read upon Monday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving, and continuing, several Alls of Parliament therein mentioned, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon Hops Hop Dune*, was committed, the Amendments they had made to the Bill, and had directed him to reporttothe House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’sTable; were they were once read throughout, and several of them a Second time, one by one, and the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.-----

Mr. Monckton reported, that he having (according to pjne Trees Order) been with the Lords, to desire a Conference upon in America, the Subjell-matter of the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of white Pine Trees, growing in her Majesty’s Colonies of New Hampshire, the Massachusets Bay, and Province of

Main Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, the Nar-ragan/et Country, or King’s Providence, and Connecticut, in New England, New York, and New strfey, in America, for the malting her Majesty’s Navy; the Lords do agree to a Conference, as desired, and appoint the feme presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew up the Reasons, be the Managers of the said Conference.

And they, being called over, went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Monckton reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference, and had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to one of the said Amendments; and left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Meller:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for General establishing a General Poll Office for all her Majesty’s Post Office.; Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s Occasions, without Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, 0,1 tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for ni *8, the Term of 32 Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty’s moil necessary OccafioDS, without Amendment:

8 D Also,

Wnt.

Regulating

Brokers.

Expiring

Laws.

i o° — 11° Maii.

A

1711

Bridecake’s Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Act Act - Estate. for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Richard Btideoake, Esquire, in the County of and charging other Part thereof with Two Annuities, for Payment and Sathfafticm of several Incumbrances affecting his whole Estate, and for confirming an Agreement, made between the said Richard Brideoake, and others, claiming Common in Htoknorton Warren, and Hooknorton-layes, in the same County; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

-The House proceeded in the Consideration of

Lovett’s

Estate.

a Bill; uttes.

the Report of the Bill for laying a Duty upon Hops.

And the residue of the Amendments, made to the fame, were severally read a second time, and, upon the Question severalfy put thereupon (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for ieffen-ing the Duty upon damaged Hops.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Ref alvei, That this Hotrfc will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further* of Ways and Means for ratting the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trufrees to maJte Building Leases of Part of the Estate, late of Job* Lovett, deceased, lying in the City of Dublin, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to dissolve the pre- Coal Trade, sent, and prevent the future. Combination of Coal-owrv-ers. Lightermen, Mailers of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the farther Encouragement of the Coal Trade, be read a Third time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Tellers for the Noes,j^r'

S3-

lri9.

Ordered, That Mr. Coddrington, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Serjeant Comyns, Sir Pat. Johnsion, Mr. Berners, Mr.

tin, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, was committed.

Thames

Fishery.

Answer to Address.

Trade to America.

Call of the House.

Arrears of Guards in Spain.

Public

Debts.

Captain Burgh So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for appointing Commissioners to manage the Duties.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were, filled up.

And then the Clausewas, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, that their Address having been presented to her Majesty, relating to the receiving wrought Plate into the Mint, to be coined; her Majesty was pleased to answer, that she would give Directions to the Officers of the Mint, as is desired by the said Address.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Twelve a Clock, resolve jtself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repefol Part of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned until thb Day Seven-night.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for paying and clearing a Detachment of the Guards in Spain after the Battle of Almanza, between the 24th of Augustand the 24th of October, 1707, and for fopplying (he Dcfeft of the Muster-rolk of the said Detachment within that Time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who were to examine, and state, the publick Debts of the Navy, and other publick Offices, for which no Provision is made by Parliament, be taken info Consideration upon luefday Morning next, by Twelve a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vtneris, 11° die Maii;

Anno 10* Anns Reginse, 1711.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of she Com- payn'aDebt nrissioners of Excise attended, they were called in, to the Crown, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, A State of the same of Robert Payn:

And being withdrawn;

The Title of the State was read.

Ordered, That the said State be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the said Robert Payn is referred.

The State is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Arthur Earl of Anglesey, and Henry Earl Earl of of Rochester, was presented to the House, and read; setting Anglesey’. forth, that her Majesty having been pleased to appoint the Petitioners to be her Vice-treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all her Revenues in her Kingdom of Ireland j and not having been able (by reafoft of their Attendance in Parliament) to go into that Kingdom, in order to qualify themselves for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to qualify themselves here for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Gilbert Dolben and Mr. Anne/ley do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

and Means*

The Houserefolveditself intoa Committee of thewfaole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to then referred; and had directed him to move the House, that they may have Leave to fit again.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Richard Brideoake, Esquri'e, in the County of Oxon, and charging other Part thereof with Two Annuities, for Payment and Satisfaction of several Incumbrances affecting his whole Estate, and for confirming an Agreement, made between the said Richard Brideoake, and others, claiming Common in Hookmrm Warren, arid tiaokmrtetblayes, in the feme County, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the

Lords,

Brideoake’:

Ellate.

Preservatiofi of Game.

io Ann. ix°

*5 9

"Wiits of [MamUmut simi Quo Warranto.

Claims on

Scotch

Equivalent.

Lords, for disagreeing to the Amendment, Made by their Lordships to the Bill (intituled, An Act for the making the Act, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty'i Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) perpetual* add for making the tame more effectual) and amended by this House; that the Committee had drawn up Ration* accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And be read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were twice read* and, upon the Question put thereupon (with an Amendment) agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons hare considered the Amendment, made by your Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Ad, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) perpetual, and for making the same more effectual, and made some Amendments thereto;

L. 8. Alter " July" to insert " in any Y’ear

L. it. After " Chafes" to leave out the Precincts,

" Purlieus, and Limits, of the fame:"

L. 17. Alter "Peace" to insert "Shall forfeit for every " such Offence any Sum, not exceeding^. 5 nor lefi than 10 s. to be levied by Distress upon such Offender’s

" Goods and Chattels, by Warant under the Hand and " Seal of such Justice of the Peace; one Moiety thereof *’ to be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Lie of the Poor of the Parish, wherein " such Offence shall be committed; and for want of such " D.llrcfs, the said Offender or Offenders:"

But the Commons afterwards dilagrced to your Lordships Amendment, (b amended:

Because that, by the bid Amendment, several Persons would he hindered from providing the mkdvcs with their necessary Fuel for Firing, not oniy at the proper Season for cutting thereof, hut also at that Time of the Year, when their Cattle and Carriages can be bell spared for the carrying the bid Fuel; which would be .1 great Hardship upon them, and injurious to those Persons, who have a Right to such Fuel in the Precincts, Purlieus, and Limits, of Forests and Chaces which are their distinct and kparate Ellate and Proj>crtv, subject only to tire Forest Laws in lume particular Cales.

Ordered, That the lu;d Realons be delivered to the Lords at a Conlcrcncc.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey do go to the Lords, and desire the bid Conference.

An ingrossed Bill for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a £Uio Warranto, more speedy and effectual, and for the more easy trying and determining the Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs, was read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3. L. 34. To leave out "several of," and after Offices" to insert "or Franchises:"

L. 39. After " Offices" to insert " or Fran-

" chiles

Pr. 4. L. 23. The same Amendment:

Pr. 5. L. 13. To leave out Proceedings upon

L. 14. After* Warranto" to insert "and Procecdings thereon."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a Quo

Warranto, more speedy and effectual, and for the more easy trying and decermining the Rights of Offices and Fraachises in Corporations and Boroughs.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Webb do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Jamtt OJeoa Esquire, in the Name of the Heirs of Captain John , Captain Thomas

Vol. 16.

Gordon, and Jamtt Campbell, of London, Merchant its

behalf of thamfelvts, and ethers, was presented to the

House, and read; letting forth, that by the 15th Article

in the Treaty of Union betwen England and Scotland, it is

agrted, that »U the Publick Debts of Scotland, as should

be adjusted by that present Parliament, should be paid;

but ho particular Dined iorts were given of the Debts du«

to the Navy, that is, for the Service of some Frigats,

which were on the Stotts Effablishment before the Union:

That there remains several Sums due to the Petitioners, for Pay, as Officers, and Seamen, and for Money laid out by them, to fit and repair the said Frigsts, is appears by their Account, certified by the late Lords of the Treasury, or the Lords Commissiontr* of the Admiralty of Scotland’, and the Petitioners having applied to the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, to have their Debts clafied equally with those of the Army, hath hitherto been delayed, and the Scotts Frigats are taken into her Majesty’s Service, but the Petitioners not yet paid: And praying such Relief, as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Wm. Seaton, Esquire, in the Name of the Commissioners for the Equivalent, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the ladle, with thtif Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee, to paterf0h*s whom the Petition of Wm. Patetion, Elquite, and the claims.

Pet itioit of several Merchants-adventurers of Scotland, and other Officers belonging to the Ship and also

the Petition of Sir William Doug/ajs, were referred, be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Rogers t

Mr. Speaker,

Wc are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Pine Trees in House, that the Lords do not infill on the Amend- America, ment, by them made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of white Pine Trees, growing in her Majesty’s Colonies of New Hampjbite, the Majfachnjets Bay, and Province of Main, Rhode and Providence Plantation, the Nara^anjet Country, or Providence,

and Convenient, in New England, New York, and New Jersey, in America, for the rr.r.sting her Majesty’s Navy, to which this House dilagrced.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Trade to resolve icself into a Committee of the whole House, America, upon the Bill to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Trade to

Ordered, That it be an lnstruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, that the Bonds, and all other Securities, obtained for Payment of Duties upon Prize Goods in America, by virtue of a Clause in the said Act of Parliament, of the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, may be discharged.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from she Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Harvey reported, that he having (according to Preservation Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference with their of Game. Lordships upon the Subjedfc-matter of their Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the A&, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the batter Preservation of the Game) perpetual, and for making

the

66o ii° — 1i" Maii. A. 1711.

the feme more effectual; the Lords do agree to a Conference, as is desired, and have appointed the feme to be Tomorrow, at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Payn’s Debt Resolved, That this House will, upon

to the Crowe. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Robert Payn.

Supply Bill; Refitted, That this House'will, upon Monday Morning Lottery, See. next) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on the Bill for railing One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable in Course out of a Fund for One hundred and forty thousand Pounds per Annum, for Thirty-two Years, with a certain Increase of Principal and Interest, according to several Gaffes, with Addition of Chances.

Reifing the Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Militia. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, altho’ the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

w*y* The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means. wjj0]e House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to her Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee,' that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 120 Matt;

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Annefiey reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference, and given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendment; and left the Bill, and Amendment, with the Lords.

A Complaint being made of a printed Paper, delivered Privilege at the Door of the House, and dispersed, intituled,

" Observations on the Bill relating to the Mine-adventurers which was brought up to the Clerk’s Table, and several Paragraphs of it read;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said printed Paper is a false, malicious, and scandalous, Libel, highly reflecting upon the Honour and Justice of this House, and the Proceedings thereof.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to esquire, who is the Author, Printer, and Publisher, of the said Libel; and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Richard How, Colonel Grahm,

Sir Hen. Bellajyjfe, Mr. Mtdlycott. Dr. , Mr. Smith,

Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Ceefar, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Carter, Mr. Serjeant Webb, M r. Winnington,

Sir Thomas Monfill, Colonel Lee, Sir Richard Hoar, Lord'

Wm. Powlet, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Auditor Harley, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Trotman, Sir Thomas Hanmer, Mr.

Mr. Lawfin, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Compton, Sir Roger Mostyn, Colonel Berkley, Mr. WenSir Tho. Lee, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Barker,

Mr. Powlet, Mr. Webb, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Secretary St.

John, Mr. Bellafyffe, Sir John Mordant, Mr.; and all

that serve for North Wales, and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, atFiveaClock, in the Speaker’s Chambers; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Prevention of prevent Duelling; and that Sir Peter King, Mr. Burslem, Duelling. Mr. Carter, and Mr. Serjeant Comyns, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ini

ihrffi

yx

uadi

ii

ft]

Anno 10° Annae Reginte, 1711.

Prayers.

arl °jf QIR Gilbert Dolben presented to the House (according &c?quanfy- to Order) a Bill to enable Arthur Earl of Anglefiy, ing for Office. and Henry Earl of Rothefter, to take (in the

Oaths of Office, as Vice-treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all her Majesty’s Revenues in her Kingdom of Ireland, and thereby to qualify themselves for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty upon Hops, was Hop Duties, read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were feyerally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 3. To leave out "by:"

Pr. 19. L. *. After "his" to insert "Executors."

And the feme were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for laying a Duty upon Hops.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Preservation The Time being come for the Conference to be had uf Game, with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Act, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) perpetual, and for making the feme more effectual;

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up the Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, for disagreeing to the said Amendment, be the Managers of the said Conference.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the Weymouth hearing of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Election. Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petition, complaining of the said Election, was read; and the Counsel for the Petitioners in part-heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. -

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr. Lords desires Orlebar: Conference.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that their Lordships desire a Conference with this House upon the Subject-matter of the fell Conference, immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew. j

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference, as the Lords desire. I

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. I

Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Hungerford reported the Conference

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

----- Then the Counsel were called in again, and pro- Weymouth

ceeded on the Hearing of the Merits of the Election for Eltflion. the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

And several Witnesses were examined on the Petitioners behalf, and the Petitioners Counsel were further heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And

io Ann. i a" — 140 Mali.

And the Counsel were called in again, and directed to proceed in the utual Manner, by objecting to the fitting Members Votes, and adding to the Petitioners Poll, as they should fee Caul'e.

And they proceeded accordingly: And then withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will proceed in the further hearing the Merits of the said Election upon Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

An*ar* «t Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to hull y<iy. whom the Petition of Sir Robert , Knight, Lieutenant General Charles , Lieutenant General Robert

Ecclin, Colonel Henry M Captain Richard Captain Robert Baird, and /Vm. Hamill, Gentleman, in behalf of themselves, and the Officers, Soldiers, and others, of the late Garisons of Londonderry and

killing, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was referred, betaken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Dr. Todd be desired to preach before D -Todd to this House at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon the 29th M®" Instant; and that Colonel Grahme and Sir Isham

do acquaint him therewith.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jones' to enable Robert Jones, of Funmarti Castle, in the County Elbte. of Glamorgan, Esquire, to make Leases for Three Lives* or for 99 Years, determinable on Three Lives, of the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Glamorgan, limited to himself, for Life, by his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Lands to the Uses of that Settlement, in lieu and recompence of that Power* was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That' Mr. Guidon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they deffre their Concurrence.

Abcff* in Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who paving ib« were to enquire into false Musters, and other Abuses in Giuid*. payment of \ier Majesty’s Guards, and also Abuses,

committed in relation to Hospital, be taken into

further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 14.0 die Matt;

Anno to0 Ann* Regin*, 1711.

Prayeks,

American r "'H E House being acquainted, that some of the Lut GwmIs. JL Commissioners of the Customs attended, they were called in, and presented to the House, The Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Order of the Eighth Instant, in telation to the Securities given for Duties upon Prize Goods in Antei tea, and to the Duties paid for Prize Goods, taken in Amnica, and what Duties would have been otherwise paid for the same Goods, imported from America.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Return be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Trade to America, is committed.

The laid Return is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Earl of A Bill to enable Arthur Earl of and

An^ cfev’t. Earl of Rochester, to take (in the Oath of Ot-

*C so Ofr " ^cc,» aS Vice-treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paying r ce. rna^cr of a]| her Majesty’s Revenues in her

Kingdom of Ireland, and thereby to qualify themselves for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office, was read a Second time.

Refdved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Grahme, Sir John Par Jons, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Sir Tho. Manjell, Sif JuJl. Isham, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Auditor Harley, Mr. Smith, Lord Hew, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Duttcomb, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gwyn, Sir IVm. Sir

IVm, Gifford, Mr. Dalby, Mr. Gery, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Lockhart, Lord Mr.

Icy, Mr. Granville, Sir IVm. Drake, Mr. Guydott, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Bracebridge, Mr. Snell, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. JLatighorn, Lord Bulkly, Sir Richard Farington, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hedges, Sir John Mordaunt. Lord Farmanagh, Sir Richard Living, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Berkley, Sir Fra.Warr, Mr. , Mr. Burslem, Mr. Ward, Mr. Downing-, and all the Members, that serve for the County of Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Vot. 1G.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a’ RaiCng the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing Mihtie. the Militia for the Year 1711, altho’ the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Vice-chamberlain took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Vice-chamberlain reported from the Committee; that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him td report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relcafe of poor insolvent insolvent Debtors, who do not owe above Twenty Pounds prin- D«btot$. cipal Money to any one Person, was read the Hind time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 2. L. to leave out " except," and insert " accept."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for the Release of poor insolvent Debtors, who do not o.ve above Twenty Pounds principal Money to any one Person.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncomb do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

V

Mr. Lockhart reported from the Committee, to whom Scotch the Petition of IVm. Seaton, Esquire, In the Name of the Equivalent, Commissioners for the Equivalent, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House: And be read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Report, and Resolutions, in at the Clerk’s 'Fable; where the same were read, and are as follow 5 viz.

That the Committcedo find, by the 15th Article of the Treaty of Union it is agreed, that her Majesty be impowered to appoint Commissioners, who shall be accountable to the Parliament ot Great for the disposing

of the Sum of J.398,085. 10s. od.

That her Majesty has been pleased to appoint Commissioners accordingly.

Mr. Seaton, in Name of those Commissioners, acknowleged the Receipt of the Paid £. 398,085. ior. and that the Commissioners gave a Receipt to the late Lord Treasurer for the same; and that the said Sum has been applied, and the Account’s thereof have been made up, as directed by the several Aftsot Parliament relating the reto:

And Mr. Seaton laid an Abstract of such Accounts before tihe said Committee.

8 E Mr.

66a

14s Midi.

A: 171f;

Mr.' Staton also acquainted the Committee, that the from Great Britain for any Part beyond the Seas (to be laid Commissioners are ready and desirous to be account? paid by the Person, for whose Benefit, or at whbfe 16-able tt> the Parliament of Great Britain for the said fiances, such Debenture, or Certificate, shall be obtained) £.398,085. ioj. od.in such manner, as this honourable the Sum of Eight Pence^ ,

House shall'direct: .> ? t. - 4. That if i$ the Opinion of this Committee,

Only with this Observation-,- that jt may. beinoqnve- That the said Dpties be, for every, Piece of Vellqnrfor nient to the fad Commissioners to.carry the Vouchers of Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall their Accounts to England because, _ be ingrossed, or written, any Bill of Lading, which (halt

xft, There are a great many Papers, of different Sorts, be signed for any Goods or Merchandizes'to- be exported, belonging tot he fame, besides the Charges of the Persons, the Sum of Fouf Pence.

who received the Payments; for the Creditors on the Resolved, 5. Thatit is the Opinipn of this Committee, Equivalent were obliged toaffert their Eights and Titles, That the said Duties be, for e,very Almanack, or Kalendar, to their several Claims, which the Commissioners were for any one particular Tear, or for any Time lei’s than a obliged to receive, and keep for their own Security.. ... Year, which dull be printed oh any one Side only of any adly, It may be doubted, whether the Subscriptions of one Sheet pr Piece of Paper only,' the Svirti of one Peny. thcClaimantsfirdm the Equivalent to the Discharges, and Rejoiced, 6. That it is the Opinionofthis Committee,

Receipts given to the Commissioner?, will be allowed ip That the said Duties be, for every other Almanack, or England, unless the Subscribers be prelient to vouch the Kalendar, for any one particular Year, Which shall bfc fame, or Witnesses to prove their Hands. - , printed, the Sum of Two Pence; and if any Almana!ck

Whereupon the Committee came to the following or Kalendar be m^de to serve for several Years, then the re-Rablutioni spedlive |Rates siforesaid are to be paid for every such Yedr.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Refolded, 7. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That proper Persons be appointed to take, Rate, and exa- That the said Duties be, for every Piece of Vellum of mine, the Accounts of the Commissioners. of the Equi- Parchment, or Sheet dr Piece of Paper, on which shall be valent, relating to the Sum of £.398,0854 for. od. paid ingrossed, or written, any Licdnce for retailing of Wine, to Scotland in the Terms of the Act of Union.v . , the Sum of fjve Shillings.,.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, Resolved, 8. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the That the said Duties be, for every Piece of Vellum or House. Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to itn- be ingrossed, or written, any Licence for felling of Ale, power the Barons of the Exchequer ,in Scotland.to -take, Beer, or other exciseable ^Liquors, by Retail, One

examine, and date, the said Accounts; and that Mr. Lotk- Shilling.

kart and Mr. Smith do prepare, and bring in, the lame. Resolved, '9. That it is the Opinion of this'Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to her Majesty,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hiccocks and Mr. a Duty be laid upon all playiijg Cards, and Dice.

Fellatios: ' , 10. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

' Mr. Speaker,- ..... <’rThat the said Duty be Six Pence a Pack upon Cards, and

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,-An Act Five, ^nillings a Pair upon Dice.

Hop Duties, for laying a Duty on Hops, without any Amendment: , Resolved, ti.That it is the Opinion of this Corqmittee,

The Lords have also agreed to the Bilbrintituled, An That aH the afore, fa[d Dp ties be granted to her Majesty Act for rendering Proceedings on Writs of J\Aandam#s, for the Term of Thirty-t|yo.Years, and Informations in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, more , . 12. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

speedy and effectual, and for the more, easy trying and That a Duty o^Eight Pence per Ounce be laid on all gilt; determining the Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

tS Resolved, 13. That it iptfieOpipiqn of this Committee,

_ . Ordered, That -the Secretary-of the Treasory do Jay . , That a Dutyjpe laid upon all Rock Salt, exported out of

the Forces, before this House, Tomorrow Morning, the Repfefeqta- Britain into,

- tfons, anfd Memorials, which baverbeen made from time ResolveedL 14, Tjiat it, is tlje Opinionof tjfiis Committee, to time (during the present War)by the Commissionersfof . That Dpty b^ Tfen. Shillings per Ton, over and the Victualing, relating to Provisions and Victualing of above the present Duties payable for the fame' and to be , Land Forces. paid upon the Entry out by the Exporter.

..... Resolved, 1 Tpat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mr. Conyers reported from thej Committee of tbq.vyhple That the f^ip Duty be granted to Her Majesty for Ae House, who weye to considerfurther«of, Ways apd, Means Termpf Yhirty-two Years., (

for raffing the Supply granted to her Majesty, the Refo- That it is the Dpmion of this Committee,

y lutions, they had directed him to.report to, the HouseThat.all the afore^ud Dqtjes, together with the Duties ' And be read the same in his Place, and afterwards, d^li- upcui.f^ckney.Cqaehes and Chairs, and the Overplus,'as vered them in at. the Clerk’s Table where they were well of the Duties upon UidesantPSkins, as of the Seven read, and are as followj vix.; bupdrqd Pqunds^Weekoutpfthe Revenues of the Poll

.j- - Resolved, i-Tl^at itisdhq Opinion of this Cofoipittee, , Office, Ijte rnadq gjFpndA for racing a further S6ni, not That, towards raising the Supply granted to her Mai«^V, . exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service farther Duties Vellum, Parchment^ and 1 Resolved, a. That

Thata Duty*belaid , ..... ... k ... , s

Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of, Paper, upgnjwhiclji fl^all , Resolution of the House, of- (he First of tfo? Month, -the be ingrossed, or'written, nny Contract for transferring of Duty^of T.welvj- pence .^r Chalder, for all Coals and Stock in any publick Company or Society.. ^.,. Ciilpa imppr(?d.intp the Pc^t df granted by an

Refofaed, ^.Thatit is the Opinion of jftiistCpmmi^v Act» cJfw $gl)th Ycarof King ^the3di and

That the said farther Duties be, for every Sikin-or Piece , whick will ^itpire on thp agth or September,' 1716,- be of Vellum or Pacchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper,* continued JoVtb^lh of September, 1724. . upon which shall be iqgrofled, or written, any Certificate, , . 8. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

or Debenture, fordrawing-hack any Customs or Duties,0(. That the Duty of Two Shilling^er Chailder, for all Coals any Part of any Customs or Duties, tqr.orin respectpfthe and Culm imported into the Port of granted by

rc-shipping, or exporting, of any Goods or Merchandizes an A^, of the Fiflf Year of her present Majesty’s Reign,

and

'Writs of Maudauiut and Quo Warranto.

1 all gilt

Wire, and Six Pence per Ounce on all Silver Wire, made in Great Britain, ox imported *into the fame, and granted to.her.Iyhycfty for (he Term of Thirty-two Years.

Victualing

Ways sad Me

cans.

14® Mali.

66y

and which will expire on the 1 $th of Map, 1716, be con- Claim on the First Equivalent in Scotland before the tinned to the 29th of September, 1724. Barons of the Exchequer, within the time prescribed by

The First of the said Resolutions, being read a Second Act of Parliament; and by that Means received only time, was, upon the Question, put thereupon, agreed Debentures instead of ready Money, the Money being unto by the House. all paid away, before Colonel Douglass could come home,

The od of the said Resolutions being read a Second to make good Sir Devglass't Claim, time,) That it also appeared, that there is due to Sir

And the Question being put, that the House doth agree Dentils, for Off-reckonings of his Regiment, or Cloath* with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Dyity ing Money, £. 1,391. 17 r, 7 which was allowed to be laid on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, be due by the Barons of the Exchequer on the First Clift or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossfd, of the Equivalent Money) and that per Cent, was or written, any Contraft for transferring of Stock in any allowed on £. 1,538. 9 1$ which was due, and cer*

publick Company or Society) . tided, on the Second Claft, and which Dividend on

It passed in the Negative. 27! he was to have had out of the First Equivalent

The 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, and 1 ith, Money in Specie, as the rest had; the whole amounting Resolutions, being fevetally read a Second time, were, to £.1,818. is. 9 and Interest thereon, since the upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto Division of the Equivalent, which was oq the 24th Day by the House. of J1708; and that the Sum of /*. 1,1 1 5 I d.

The 12th Resolution being read a Second time; with Interest thereon, ought to have, been paid in Debcn-

And the Question being put. That the House doth tures upon the 2d Claft-of the First general Account, agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That And it appeared to the Committee, that Sir Bourn. Duty of Eight Pence per Ounce be laid on all gilt Wire, glass has fujlymade out the Allegations in his Petition.,

and Six Pence per Ounce on all Silver Wire, made in O, That the said Report be taken into further Or tat Britain, or imported into the lame, and granted to Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.. her Majesty for the Term of Thirty-two Years;

It passed in the Negative. Mr. Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, to whom

The 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 17th, and ijth, Refo- the Petition of Wm. Patufon, Esquire, was referred, the lotions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon Matter, as it appeared to thorn) which he read in his the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table, the House. And a Motion being made, and the Question being

Ordered, That a Rill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the put, That the said Report be taken into Consideratiop laid Resolutions, agreed unto by the House, and upon the upon this Day Fortnight)

Resolutions of the House on the last of April, relating to It passed in the Negative.

Hackney-Coaches, and Hackney Chairs, and aho relating Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confident to the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Islands of Nevis tion upon Saturday Morning next, and St. Chrtftophers; and that Mr. Conyers, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Thomas Potty t, Mr. At for- Mr. Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, to whom Scotch

ney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lowndes, and the Petit ion of tcveral Merchants-adventurers of Scotland, Indiau, and

PaUrfdn’l

Claims.

Mr. Amttfiey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Begutaling

Brokers.

and other Officers, belonging to the Ship was African

referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he CompaDy* read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

Arrears of Guards in Spam.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill, for the better preserving publick Credit, by reviving, and continuing, the Act, made

in the 8th and 9th Years of tjiq Reign of the late King put, That the said Reportbc new re^d;.. (

William the Third (intituled, An Act to restrain the It passed it the Negative.

N umber, and ill Pmft ices, of Brokers and Stock-jobbers) Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Considera-

and to preserve the Equivalent, given to the Lord Mayor tion upon this Day Seven-night, and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, be

read the First time Tomorrow Morning, in a full House. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

1 ' whole; House, to consider farther of the Bill to repeal

Resolved, That this jHouse will. Tomorrow ^doming. Part of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Mjfleujr’s resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the the Bill for paying and clearing a Detachment of the Guards in Spain alter the Battle of Almanza, between the 24th of August and the 24th oVOctober, and for supplying the Dcfeft of the Mofter-rollsof the said Detachment within Jhat Time. '

Trade to America,

Scotch

Equivalent

Trade to America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took-the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumod the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from, the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to repbrt, when the House will ploafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wed-

Mr. Qgkthorpe reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petitions of Sir Wm. Douglas., Lieutenant General of her Majesty’s Forces, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them which he read'in his Place, and after- - nefdaj Morning; wards delivered it in at the Cjlerk's Table; where the ' lame, was read, and is as follows; viz. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply Bill;

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Cloath- ing next, resolve- itself into.a Committee: of the whole Lottery, tec, ing, Money was on, the First Claft of the Equivalent, House, upon "the BilLfor uifing One million'.Five hun-Money, and was to be first paid after the Loss of the dred thousand 'Pounds, for. Orders, to be payable in Money by new Coinage, and fttisfying the African and Course out ofa Fund for One hundred and(Fody, tjtjou-East India Company, as is appointed by the Act of Par- fond Pounds per A mum f Rx Thirty-two Years, wj)h a liament, intituled, An Act for directing the Payment of- certain Increase of Principal and Interest, according to the Equivalent Money. ’ fevera) Classes, with Addition.of Chances.^ ....

'that it also appeared to the Committee, that Colonel -

Charles Douglass was Agent to Sir Wm. Douglass: That Ordered, That the Report of the Conference, had with prefemtion the Colone) had feepred all the papers, relating to the Off- the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the Amendment, of Game.

reckqnings and Cloathiqe Money, in London; and that he made by-ihe Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for puk-was taken at the Battle of Almanza, and detained Prisoner ing an Act of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign in France, when Sir Wm. ought to have made good his., (for the better Prefemtion of the Game)perpetual, and Vot. 16. for

6 64

i4° — 15°

A. 1711.

Committees

added*

Karl of Anglesey’s, ice. qualifying^: Office,

for making the same more effectual, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.'

Ordered, That Earl of 1homond, Mr. Mr.

Travell, Mr. Cross, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Moor, Sir Rickard

Hoar, Mr. Rownev, Sir} Fra. Child, Serjeant Rickardson,

Mr. Gould, Mr. Rracebridge, Mr. Smithson, Mr.

mimque, Mr. Burgh, Sir Roger Mr. Lowther,

Mr. Gery, Mr, Foundes, be added to the Committee, to *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Marti* y 150 die Matt;

Anno io* Anns Reginae, 1711.

Prayers.

SI R Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Arthur Earl of Anglesey, and Henry Earl of Rochester, to take (in England) the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all her Majesty’s Revenues in her Kingdom of Ireland, and thereby to qualify themselves for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill,-and found the same to be true; and had made

Testament of the said John Lovett, and the Survivor . of them, during the Minority of the said Robert Lovett, to make Leases, by Indentures, of the last mentioned Premisses, or any Part or Parcel thereof, to any Person or Persons, for any long Term or Number of Years absolute in Possession, not exceeding Sixty Years, but not in Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, reserving to the said Robert Lovett, his Heirs and Assigns, (subject to the Trulls in the said Will of and concerning the same last mentioned Premisses) the best Rent, that can be got for the fame; so as no such Leafeor Leases be made difpunishable for Wade 1 by any express Clause or Agreement, and so as there: be contained in such Leases such reasonable Conditions ! or Powers of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rents ‘ thereby reserved, and also such Covenants on the Lef*

' fees Part to be performed, as in like Cafes are usual,

‘ and so as the Lessee or Lessees respectively do seal and deliver Counter-parts of such Leases to the Lessors re-‘ spectively; which said Lease and Lcales, so to be made, as aforesaid, are hereby declared and enacted to be good and sufficient Leases in the Law to the Lessee or Lessees of the Premisses, his, her, and their, respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to all Intents and Purposes, for and during the several Terms, for which the same shall be respectively granted, as aforesaid."

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Lands, and Tythes, in the Manor

some Amendments to the Bill, which they had dtrested Qf Tonge, in the County of late the Estate of

him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Mugglefion, deceased, and the Distribution of the

Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Money thereby arising, pursuant to a Settlement, made Table; where they were once read throughout, and then of the said Lands, and Tythes, by the said Wm.

a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question fe- on> was rea(j the Third time.

Mupglefton’i Lltaic.

verally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrossed.

be

Chaplain

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Ihe will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Kimberley, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vice-chamberlain do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Peter King presented to the House (according to Prevention of Order) a Bill to prevent Duelling; and the same was Duelling, received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lovett’s

Estate.

Mr. Lowndes, Secretary of the Treasury, presented to r _ . the House (according to Order) the Representations, and

The Lord Castlecomerreported from the Committee, Memorials, made by the Commissioners of the Victualing,

— U 1% K it 1 Ai/i Hill Am f ri a I A /iff I nf if nla a % »* is. y* ^.

Victualing the Forces,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make Building ^eases of Part of the Estate, late of John Lovett, deceased, lying in the City of Dublin, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where it was twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 19. After the Word " expressed" insert " And whereas the said John Lovett, the Father, died " seised of a Messuage or Tenement, with a certain Piece " of Ground belonging the reunto, lying in College Green, in or near the said City of Dublin, which by the said Will is devised to the said Robert Lovett, and his Heirs, subject to the Trust in the said Will of and concerning the same; which said Piece of Ground was designed and set out for building by the said John Lovett, the Father, in his Life time, but no Leases were made of the fame,- so that such Ground now lies waste, and uninproved: Now, for the Improvement of the fame, according to the Intent of the said John Lovett, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that it shall 1 and may be lawful to and for the said Rickard Tigbe 1 and Mary Lovett, Executors of the last Will and 16

relating to the Provisions and Victualing of the Land Forces; with a List of them:

Which Lift is as follows; viz.

LIST of Papers, being Memorials, or Representations, from the Commissioners for victualing her Majesty’s Navy, which have from time to time, during this present War, been made by them, relating to the Provisions and Victualing of the Land Forces; viz.

Dates of Letters, &c.

3 June, 1704.

n July, 1704.

it

it

46 September, 1705.

Copy of a Letter from them, desiring (amongst other things) Money for Provisions furnished to Land Forces for the Years 1702, 1703, 1704. N° 1.

Extract of a Letter from the said Commissioners, deliring Money for Provisions furnished to Land Forces, as also Money for 600 Soldiers, and their Officers, ordered to be victualed. N# 2.

Letter from the said Commissioners transmitting an Account of the Colt of Provisions for victualing her Majesty’s Land Forces, with the Charge of transportation thereof to the West Indies, Portugal, Newfoundland,

Gibraltar

i o Ann.

Dates oi L«u«r», 4c.

15* Mail

665

35 Ditto.

6 November, 1706.

34 February, 1708.

19 March, 170J

18 Ditto.

10 July, 17to.

t Ditto.

15th May, 1711.

in

to

1705. N* 3.

The Account, mentioned the said Letter, amounting £ >67,330. 19/. N* 3.

Copy of a Letter from the said Commissioners, desiring to be re

Gibraltar, (dc. in the Yean 1703, Navy, for Provisions supplied to Land Forces, fentto 1703, 1704, and Part of the Year Spain and Portugal, and for the G&rifoo of for

which no Deductions have been made from the Pay of those Forces, nor any Part of that Sum assigned to the Victualing, notwithstanding the several Letters, and Re-presentations, made to the Treasury in that behalf.

Resolved, That such diverting of Moneys, issued to the Service of the Navy, to the Land Service, hath irabursed the Money expended for lessened the Credit of the Navy, discouraged the Sca-Provisions for Land Forces, N° 4. men, occasioned the paying extravagant Rates on the Letter from the said Commis- Navy Contracts, and was a Misapphcation of the pub-sioners, mentioning, that in their lick Money.

Letter of the 26th of September, Resolved, That the applying any Sum of unappro-1705, they font an Account of priated Money, or Surplusages of Funds, to Uses not the Costs and Charges of Provi- voted, or addressed for, by Parliament, hath been a Millions for vi&ualing Land Forces, application of the publick Money.

&V. amounting to £.167,330. 19J.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Justke. of whole House, to whom the Bill for the better qualifying Quali Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great Britain called c" on* England, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morn-

5 d.and that nnce that Time the said Charges are increased to £.371,904. 13 t.7id. as by an Account inclosed. N* 5.

The particular Account (refer- ing, at Twelve of the Clock, red to in the said Letter) of the Colt of the Provisions, ind Charges attending the fame, which have been furnished for hand Forces, from the 8th of March, 1701 (the Time of her Majesty’s Accession

Resolved \That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- African ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Company. House, to consider farther of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to scotch to the Crown) to the 30th of Sep- whom the Bill to prevent Abuses in making and whiten- Manufacture. tember, 1708. N° 5. ing of Linen Cloth of North Britain, and for the regulat-

Copy ot a Letter from the said ing the Lengths, Breadths, and equal fbrting of Yarn for

each Piece, and to hinder the Exportation of Flax of the Growth of North Britain, and all forts of Linen Yarn, to foreign Parts, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Thttrfday Morning next.

CommifiTioners, with an Account of the Value of ti e Provisions furnished to the Garison ot Gibraltar. N* 6.

Copy of an Account of Provisions furnished to I.and Forces, crV. in Garison of Gibraltar, between the 12th of August, 1704, and the 30th June, 1707. N* 6.

Letter from the said Commissioners in relation to Provisions for Land Forces, from 1 ft of bar, 1709, to the 30th of June,

ia

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who _ were appointed to enquire into false Musters, and other paying th» Abuses in the Payment of her Majesty’s Guards, and Guards, allb Abuses, committed in relation to Chelfia be taken into farther Consideration upon Friday Morn-' ing next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better preferring pub-

1710, inclosingan Estimate there- lick Credit, by reviving, and continuing, the made of, &c. N° 7. in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign

The Estimate referred to in the King William the 3d, (intituled, An Act to restrain the said Letter. N° 7. Number, and ill Pradiccs, of Brokers and Stock-jobbers)

W'Lowndes. and to preserve the Equivalent, given to the Lord And the Order of the Day being read, for taking into and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of , farther Consideration the Report from the Committee, be read the First time Tomorrow Morning, in a full to whom it was referred, to examine, and state, the pub- House. lick Debts of the Navy, and other publick Offices, for which no Provision is made by Parliament;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the said Report.

And the said Representations, and Memorials, were read.

And the same arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the increasing the publick Expences beyond the Supplies, annually granted by Parliament, hath been the chief Occasion of the Debts of the Nation, and an Invasion of the Rights of Parliament;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Regulating

Brokers.

b

}70

Telcfor «bcYcaS,{^»

Ttlte for <he Noes, j stcZ: So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Sum of Six hundred and Six thousand Eight hundred Six Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Seven Pence, hath been paid out of the Moneys issued to the Service of the V«b. Iff

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday A near of

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Guards ia House, upon the Bill for paying and clearing a - Spa,n‘ ment of the Guards in Spain after the Battle of Almanza, between the 24th of Aupft and 24th of October, 1707, and for supplying the Detect of the Muster-rolls of the said Detachment within that Time.

Ordered, That the Report of the Conference with the

Lords upon the Subject-matter of the Amendment, of Gama, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Ad, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) perpetual, and for making the same more effectual, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

8 F

16° M

A. 1711

of that Settlement,

Power.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Earl df An-glefe/s, Acqualifying for Office.

in lieu and Recompence of such

: Mercurii, 16* dieMaii;

Anno to* Annae Reginse, 1711.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Preservation P r. a y b r 8. Report of the last Conference with the Lords upon the of Gam*-

AN ingrossed Bill to enable Arthur Earl of Anglesey, Subject-matter of the Amendment, made by their Lord-and Henry Earl of Rochester, to take (in England) the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Act, the Oath of Office, as Vice-treasurer, and Receiver Gene- Qf the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better ral, and Paymaster General, of all her Majesty s Revenues Preservation of the Game) perpetual, and for making in her Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves here the same more effectual.

And the Report was read, and is as follows: viz.

The Lords observing, that the Reasons, offered by the Commons at the last Conference, are not Reasons dire died against the Clause A, as sent down to the Commons,

for the legal enjoyment of the said Office, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 1. L to leave out " then."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, hut are offered by the Commons as Reasons against the

___1 I J.L - Uv.,fA . J D. 1 < . . _ J ... °

agreed unto by the House > and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to enable Arthur Earl of , and Henry

Earl of Rochester, to take (in England) the Oath of Office, as Vice-treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all her Majesty's Revenues in her Kingdom of Ireland, and thereby to qualify themselves for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Kent Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Kent, in the room of Sir Cholm/ty Baronet, deceased.

said Amendment, as amended by the Commons, their Lordships cannot but take Notice of this, as unusual in the Methods of Proceedings on Amendments between the Two Houses; and therefore the Lords must necessarily desire the Opinion of the Commons upon the Proviso, as sent down by their Lordships.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, who drew up the Reasons, offered to the Lords at the last Conference, to draw up farther Reasons to be offered to the Lords; and that they do withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber, and draw up the fame.

Mr. Vice-chamberlain reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 17x1, altho’ the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one

Railing the Militia.

Caime'* Sir Thomas Hanmer reported from the Committee, to Lflaie. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the establishing a Purchase ot certain Fee-farms,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by one> anc1> upon the Question severally put thereupon, made by Sir Alexander Cannes, Baronet, of his Grace agreed unto by the House.

‘james Duke of Ormond, in pursuance of a Power given A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, in re-him by an Act of Parliament, passed in this Kingdom in lation to an Account to be made of Trophy-money, the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, notwith- And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the " ' " - jjoufe, withdrawn.

(landing an Act, passed in Ireland, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, or a Deed, dated the 2 jth of 4prih 1710, therein mentioned, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satis-fastion of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow} viz.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hanmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint, them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, that, ‘ Whereas by an Act, of the 14th of Charles the ‘ 2d (intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the fe-‘veral Counties of this Kingdom) it is therein enacted,

‘ that the Finders of Arms to the Militia are liable to be

charged to fend forth a Pike, made of Ash, not under

SixteenFeet in Length(the said Head and Footincluded)

with Bread, Back, Head-piece, and Sword; Pikes being now laid down in theregular Forces, as useless, beingonly

‘ defensive: To prevent any Inconveniency, and to make

the Militia moreufefulin that Part called

‘ England, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that,

from and after the Day of One thousand

Seven hundred and it shall and may be lawful to

‘ and for the Lord Lieutenant of any County, if he think

fit, as being more conducive to her Majesty’s Service,

and Defence of the Kingdom, or in his Absence,

or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, to require all Finders ‘ of Arms to the Foot in the Militia to fend forth complete-‘ ly armed with a M ulket-proof Barrel, (lung with Leather,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers, and Mr. Bayonet, with Iron Socket to fix the fame, Back-sword, Hiccocks: ‘ Waist Belt, and Frog Cartridge Box, and Girdle, to

Mr. Speaker, ‘ be charged by the same Methods, Rules, and Propor-

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act tions, and under the like Penalties, as is appointed and

li

'to

Roth’s Pur- w

chafe of Irish for the Relief of Abraham Roth, of the Kingdom of Forieiturc*. land, Esquire, in relation to the Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, without Amendment:

Jones’s Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Estate, by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Jones, of Funmun Castle, in the County of Glamorgan, Esquire, to make Leases for Three Lives, or Ninety-nine Years, determinable upon Three Lives, of the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Glamorgan, limited to himself for Life by his Marriage Settlement, and fot settling other Lands to the Uses

directed by any Law or Statute now in force; any Law ‘ to the contrary notwithstanding.’

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Merchants, and others, concerned in the Fishing on the Northern Coast of Scotland, was Spsnish Salt.

presented

tiling

t'lins ?p<imlh Salt

Ditto.

i 6" Maii.

667

prefen ted to the House, and read; letting forth, that whereas the Improvement of the Fishing in all Parts of North Britain is of the greatest Importance, being the most considerable Branch of Trade and Export from thence, and fubfllls divers Thousands of poor People, who are employed therein, and they are obliged to cure all Fish, exported, with foreign Salt only, which at present we have not, although divers Ships have been loaded outward for Portugal, up >n Design to bnng Salt from thence; vet several of them have been call away, or taken by the Enemy, and some detained by cross Winds, and all so late in going out, and so uncertain of arriving at their outward Port, by reason of the Numbers of French Pri-vatv ers and Crullers on that Coast, that we cannot have any Quantity of Salt returned in time, to answer the Fishing; whereby the same is in danger of being utterly ruined; and the foreign Salt, imported before the Union (which we depended would be sold for the Use of the Fishing) is otherwise disposed of, viz. the French Salt transported for the Viol ualing, the and Portugal sold by

the Commissioners of the Cutloms to some private Merchants, who are to export the fame, and to return Certificates of its being landed there; by which we arc deprived of our Exnctftntions that way: And praying to be allowed flie Spatrjband Po tugal Salt, bought for Exportation, to

be adinittc 11> an Entry, upon paying, and bonding, such

means foreign Salt is become a dear and Scarce Commodity, and fold for 13a. a Bushel; and, under this Pretext of it’s Scarcity, the Merchants now apply to the House of Commons, for Leave to fell this Salt in the Country, which they are obliged to export: That no body would grudge Merchants reasonable Profit; but, if allowed to fell, this Salt at 13-f. aBulhel, for which they paid the Queen only is. 5d. which would be upwards of Four hundred per Cent, it’s hoped, that, ifthe Merchants are indulged to fell the Salt, in the Country, without exporting it, that they’ll determine, what Profit shall go to them, that bought the Salt, and the Overplus (allowing the Merchants . their prime Cost, with a reasonable Profit, and deducing the Queen’s Duties) to be applied towards the Benefit of Trade: And whereas the greatest Part of the Trade lies in the River Froth, and many Ships loft on the Northern Coast, for want of a convenient Harbour at the Mouth of that River, and there is at the River’s Mouth, near the Town of Crail', a Creek, called Roome, into which at low Water, most Ships, that trade from North,

can come in, and which had been designed for a Harbour; if this were effected, it would be of vast Advantage to all Ships trading in those Parts; it’s on this Part of the Coast of Fife, that the most plentifuleft Herring Fishing is, and it is no small Detriment to their Trade, the want of a convenient Harbour, to load and unload their Fifties:

Dut ics and Ex*. ife, as is usual upon Salt imported since And praying the Consideration of the House, and that the I nion, :n«f to appoint the like Drawbacks and Pre- the overplus Money for the Salt (after allowing the miunis to be a !wea thereupon, which will be a great Queen s Duty, and considerable Profit) may be applied

an<' It tf ruble Rc.tef in the present Exigence.

Orfioed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committc; 1 and that they do examine the Matter tnercof. a;id Kp >^t the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir A Lord Lyon, Mr tin: mr.' ton, Mr. Ann.fl.y, Mr. Foley, Mr. hi:acker-

lev, Mr Hard,.Mr. C.ockl rn, Sir Hugh Pat erf on, Mr.

Lutziii h, Mi. ihipp. >i.Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lozcndes, Mr.

Feem-.n, M" Vice-chamberlain, Mr. , Mr. Yes-man, 1/ r<; Dcven Mr. lone G on, Sir Geo.

Mr. IVa* d, Mr Gw\n, S.r H' Sir Arthur

Mr. Jefcp, Sn Hum. Mackworth, Sir Gilbert Dot ben. Sir Richard Fat rin^ton, Mr. Dune; and all the Gentle-

to the making of this Harbour.

Ordered, That the faitl Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of leveraJ Merchants, and others, concerned in the Fishing on the Northern Coast of Scotland is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same to the House.

Cairne’s

Flute.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hie cocks:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for theestablish-tuen, That serve for South Riitain: And they are to ing a Purchase of certain Fee-farms, Lands, and Here-mccr this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Sjjeaker’s ditament% in the Kingdom of Ireland, made by Sir Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Alexander Cairnes, Baronet, of his Grace James Duke of Paper:, and Records. Ormond, in pursuance of a Power given him by an Act

A Petition of several Merchants, and others, concerned of Parliament, passed in this Kingdom in the Twelfth in the Fishing on the Northern Coast of Scotland, was pre- Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, notwithstanding an fented to the House, and read; setting forth to the same Act, passed in Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign Effect, as the before-mentioned Petition. of her present Majesty, or a Deed, dated the 25 th of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- April 1710, therein mentioned: federation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Earl of several Merchants, and others, concerned in the Fishing Act to enable Arthur Earl of and Henry , Anefrfey’s,

on the Northern Coast of Scotland, is referred. Esquire (commonly called Lord Viscount Hyde) so take

A Petition of fames Malcolm, Alexander Arejkine, (in England) the Oath of Office, as Vice-treasurer, and office, and Robert Malcolm, Burgesses of the Town of Crail, Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all her Ma-and Traders in the Herring Fishing on the Coast of Fife, jesty’s Revenues in her Kingdom of Ireland, and to qua-was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, lify themselves in England for the legal Enjoyment or the that there was in Scotland, at the Time of the Union, said Office, without Amendment, a considerable Quantity of Salt, which had not paid the And then the MefTenge rs withdrew.

Duties laid upon it in England, it was resolved, the said

Salt should be exported into foreign Countries; and the Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, ap- Preservation Commissioners of the Customs fold it to some Merchants, pointed to withdraw, and raw up farther Reasons, to be of Oame. with a Proviso, that it should be carried out of the King- offered to the Lords; that they had drawn up Realons dom, and let them have it at a very low Rate, viz. at accordingly, which they had directed him to report to 1 s.$d. per Bulhei, whereas it bad cost the Queen 9 s.the House: And be read the same in his Place, and 4 d. Had Leave been given to make use of this Salt in afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the Country, there were Persons, who then offered to buy they were twice read, and, upon the Question put there-it at 10 s.aBulhel, if allowed the usual Drawbacks; but upon, agreed unto by the House; and are as it was to be sold to none, but such, as should carry it out viz.

of the Country; and the Merchants, who bought the The Commons taking Notice, that your Lorddiips at Salt, have kept it above Half a Year, and, it’s presumed, the kft Conference did observe, that the Reasons, offered have not yet paid for it, and are the Persons, who usually by the Commons at the preceding Conference, were not supplied Scotland with foreign Salt; but since they Realons directed against Ciaule A, which contains your have this great Stock, they have not imported suchQuan- Lordship’s Amendment, as sent down to the Commons, tities, as is necessary for the Consumption there; by which but were offered as Reasons against the said Amendment,

Vol. 16. is

668 i6° Mail A. 17n.

as amended by the Commons, and that your Lordships did desire the Opinion of the Commons upon the Provi-so, or Amendment, as Cent down by your Lordships:

The Commons think fit to acquaint your Lordships, that, altho’ they did proceed to make Amendments to the said Clause A, in hopes, that they might be able to agree to the Substance thereof, and to what was intended thereby by your Lordships; yet that afterwards the Commons disagreeing to the said Clause A, so amended, the Reasons, by them offered at the said Conferences, were by them intended as Reasons against the said Clause, whether the same had been amended by the Commons, or not; the Commons being of Opinion, that the Provision, made by the said Clause A, would be injurious to the Property of such Persons, who are intituled to Fuel in Forests or Chafes, or the Precincts, Limits, or Purlieus, thereof.

Conference Ordered, That the said Reasons be offered to the with Lords. Lords at a Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do go to the Lords, and desire a Conference with their Lordships upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Regulating Mr. Conyers presented to the House (according to Or-Hackney der) a Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches Coaches, &c. ancj Chairs, and for laying several new Duties upon llampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and certain Duties on Cards and Dice, and a Duty upon the Exportation of Rock Salt from Great Britain into during such

Terms, and for such Uses, as are therein mentioned; and the same was received.

Justice of Sir Gilbert Dolben reported from the Committee of the Peace Qua- whole House, to whom the Bill for the better qualifying location. Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments, they had di-rested him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for obliging the Justices of the Peace to take an Oath as to the Value of their Estates.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and the Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Act should not extend to Peers, or their eldest Sons, or Persons capable of fitting in the House of Commons, by the Act, that qualifies Members of Parliament.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill,'with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Royal Afient A Message from her Majesty, by Mr. Deputy

to Bills. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend her Majesty;

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that her Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Afient to the publick and private Bills following , viz.

An Act for establishinj’ a general Post Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s Occafious:

An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum and

Parchment, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, Tor prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty’s most necessary Occasions:

An Act for laying a Duty upon Hops:

An Act for the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom:

An Act to make an Attempt on the Life of a Privy Counsellor, in the Execution of his Office, to be Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

An Act for the better preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming:

An Act for making more effectual an Act, of the Forty-third Year of Queen Elizabeth (intituled, An Act concerning the Affixes of Fuel) so far as it relates to the Assize of Billet:

An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending Highways) which enjoins Waggoners, and others, to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with Six Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills:

An Act for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royftmt, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntington:

An Act for repairing the Highways from. Sheet-bridge, in the Parish of Petersfei/d, to the Town of,

in the County of Southampton:

An Act to enable her Majesty to grant the Scite of the Cattle of Exon, (Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall) for 99 Years, for the Use and Benefit of the County of Devon:

An Act for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for the Preservation of white and other Pine Trees, growing in her Majesty’s Colonies of shire, the Massachusets Bay, the Province of Main Rhode

Island, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganset,

or King's Providence, and C, in New England, and New Yorke, and New Jersey, in , for the

matting her Majesty’s Navy:

An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual, and for the more easy trying and determining the Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs:

An Act for settling the Estates of the Right noble Evelyn, Lord Marquis of Dorchester, and William -pout, Esquire, commonly called Lord Kingston, Son, and Heir apparent, of the said Lord Marquis, and also for settling the Estate, late of John Hall, Esquire, on the Marriage of the said Wm.Pierrepont, Esquire.

An Act for the establishing a Purchase of certain Fee-farm Lands and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, made by Sir Alexander Cairnes, Baronet, of his Grace James Duke of Ormond, in pursuance of a Power given him by an Act of Parliament, passed in this Kingdom in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, notwithstanding an Act, passed in Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, or a Deed, dated the Five-and-twentieth of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Ten, therein mentioned:

And Act for discharging , Lord Bishop of Rapho, in the Kingdom of Ireland, from all Penalties, Disabilities, and Incapacities, incurred by him in omitting to take the Oath of Abjuration on or before the First Day. of August, One thousand Seven hundred and Three, and for making all ecclesiastical and civil Acts done by him, as Bishop of Rapho, after such Omission, to be of the same Validity, as they would have been, if he had taken the said Oath in due Time:

An Act to enable Arthur Earl of and Henry

Hyde, Esquire (commonly called Lord Y ucount Hyde) to take in England the Oath, as Vice-treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all her Majesty s Revenues in her- Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify

themselves

jo Ann.

i 6° Mail.

669

them (elves in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office:

An Act to enable the Earl of Thomond to make Leases for Three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal thereof for ever, and Grants in Fee-farms, of the Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, comprised in his Marriage Settlement:

An Act for vesting in Henry Arundell, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Trust in the Estate of the Lord Viscount Mount agu, which was veiled in her Majesty by the Attainder of John Carryll, El'quire, for high Treason:

An Act for confirming to the Principal and Scholars of King'% Hall, and College of Brafen in the University of Oxford. the Purchase of the Advowsons of Stepney, and other Churches, and for settling the same to the Benefit of the said College:

An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir

alias St. Brides, London, of John Pointer, Esquire, in R°ya\ Afreut Trustees, to be sold, in lieu and Satisfaction of other to 1 ' Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, of a greater Value, settled by the said John Pointer to such Uses, and upon such Trusts, as the said Houses in London are settled:

An Act for vesting of certain Lands in the Parish of Woodchurch, in the County of Kent, formerly purchased by Winfred Bridger, and Lawrence Bridget, in certain Trustees, to be sold, for the raising Money for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of the Manor of Great Beatings, and several Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Henry Wood, alias Webb, Esquire, deceased, in Great Beatings, and several other Places, in the County of Suffolk, for discharging a Mortgage thereon, and for Payment of other Debts of the said Henry Wood, alias Webb,

Richard Allin, alias Anguish, Baronet, in the Counties of and for applying the overplus Money (if any) arising by Suffolk and So folk, for Payment of his Debts, and set- such Sale, for the Benefit of Henry Wood, alias Webb (an fling the Remainder according to his Marriage Articles: Infant) his Son, and Heir:

An Act for confirming the Sale of the Ellate of John An Act to enable Trustees, to make, renew, and fill II rcflcn, Esquire, in the County of Surry, and discharging up, Leases of the Estate of William Burgoyne, late of the it from the Den ards of the Cr >wn: City of Exon, Merchant, deceased, during the Minority

An Act for Sale of the Estates of William Hubbald\of his Son and Daughters: and of his Father, Eduard Hubbald, in the County of An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Stephen Jcrmyn,

Surry, for the S.ith fact ion of the said William HubbaiSs the only Son of Stephen of London, Merchant,

Debt to the Croan, and to preserve the Surplus thereof with Sarah and to enable him to marry again:

for the Vbs therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting a certa n Piece of Ground, being Part of a Field, called StonebridgeField, adjoining to Pickadi/le, in the County of in Trustees, to

dispose of the fame, to discharge a Debt to the Crown, and to other Uses:

An Act to enable Trustees to perform the Marriage Articles of Sir Rich a d G-o . e icr, B aronet, and Dame

Jane, his W ife, n mvit’ (landing the Lunacy of Dame Mart Grosvenor, and the Infancy of her younger Children, and for settling the Lilitc in the Fam.lv, and making Build ing Lease- as efieftnilly. as if the said Dame Mary was of (bund Mind, and Ivr Children of lull Age, anJ nil had joined in levying Fines:

An Act to vefl the Estate of Sir Henry Kni<jht, a Lunatick, lying in Cranfey, in the County of Northampton, in Trustees to enable them to make a

An Act for vesting the Manor of and feve-

ral l^ands in Sussex, the Ellate of Joseph Weller, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and applying the surplus Money to certain Vies and Trusts therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Robert Jones, of Cajile, in

the County of Glamorgan, Esquire, to make Leases for Three Lives, or for Ninety and nine Years, determinable on Three Lives, of the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Glamorgan, limited to himself, for Life, by his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Lands to the Uses of that Settlement, in lieu and recompence of such Power:

An Act for the Sale of certain Lands, and Tythes, in the Manor of 7 onge, in the County of Leicester, late the Ellate of William Muggleston, deceased, and the Distri-

bution of the Money thereby arising, pursuant to a Set-

Launccfton

Writ.

Settlement on the Marriage ol John Robinson, Esquire, tlctnent, made of the said Lands, and Tythes, by the only Son, and Heir apparent, of the said Sir Henry, said Wm. anJ for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to explain, ami make more effectual, a Clause, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to relating to the Estate of Dame Rebecca Litton, deceased, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for in an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the clefting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Payment of for the Borough of alias Luunceston, in the

the Debts of Sir John Bolles, Baronet, a Lunatick: County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right honou-

An Act for confirming a locale of One-and-twenty rable Henry Lord now Earl of

Years, made by Jelfeiy Palmer, Esquire, and others, of

Lands in Carleton Cur Hew, in the County of Leicester, for A Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches Regulat'ng

Payment of the Debts of the said Jeffery Palmer: and Chairs, and for laying several new Duties on stampt Hackney

An Act to enable John Hardress, Esquire, and Ann, Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and certain Duties on Coac^es' &c‘ his Wife, to fell certain Lands in the County of Kent, and Cards and Dice, and a Duty upon the Exportation of for settling of others to the Uses therein mentioned: Rock Salt from Britain to Ireland, during such

An Act for the Relief of Abraham Roth, of the King- Terms, and for such Uses, as are therein mentioned, was doni of Ireland, Esquire, in relation to his Purchase of read the Firsttime.

Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland: Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An Act for Sale of such Part of the Estate of Natha- ' , . , n.,. , r,

nielMathew, late of Fact (ham, in the County of Sunn, 0 That *he B‘n to dissolve the present, and pre- Coal Track. Gentleman, deceased, as will be sufficient to discharge vent the foture, Combination of oal-owners, Lighter-his Debts and Legacies, thereon charged by his last Will Jp* Ships, and others, to advance the Price

and Testament, and for settling the Remainder thereof in Br^u(|ice avlgajfon> ^rac^> an£^ to the Uses in the said Will mentioned: Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the farther

An Act for Sale ol several Lands and Hereditaments Encouragement of the oal Trade, be read a Third

of William Hendon, Esquire, in the County of Kent, for uP°n Morning next.

Payment of his IVnts, and for settling other Lands in RefThat this House will, upon this Day Seven- Payn’s Debt

the same County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, in night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Crown.

heu thereof: House, to consider of the Petition of

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Ilumfry Pooler, in the

Parish of Hartlehury, in the County of Worcester: Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

An Act for vesting several Messuages or Tenements in whom the Petition of Sir Robert Adair, Knight, Lieu-

Bride Lane, and elsewhere, in the Parish of St. Bridget, tenant General Charles , Lieutenant General Robert

Vo 1. 16. SG Etclin,

Arrears of Irish Fav.

7° 16° — 170 Mali. . 171

£«&i, Cofcnd HernyMonro, Captain Richard Neivfled, Captain Rabat Baird, and Wildam Gentleman,

on behalf of themselves, and the Officers, Soldiers, and others, of the late Carrions of , and Imtif-

kiiiiag, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Trade to Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

America, whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to Amaicu, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Lottery, &c. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable in courseout of a Fund for One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, for Thirty-two Years, with a certain increase of Principal and Interest, according to several dalles, with Addition of Chances.

Regulating Ordered, That the Bill for the better preferring pub-Brokers. sick Credit, by reviving, and continuing, the Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third (intituled, An Act to restraia the Number, and ill Practices, of Brokers and Stockjobbers) and to preserve the Equivalent, given to the Lord Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, be read a Third time upon this Day Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 170 die Mail;

Anno 10° Annse Regia®, 1711.

Prayers.

South Sea A/TR. Conyers presented to the House (according to Company. _LVJL Order) a Bill for making good Deficiencies, and for satisfying the publick Debts, and for erecting a Corporation, to carry on a Trade to the South Seas -, and the same was received.

Regulating A Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches Hackney and Chairs, and for laying several n?w Duties on stampt Coaches, &c. Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and certain Duties on Cards and Dice, and a Duty upon the Exportation of Rock Salt from Great Britain to Ireland, during such Terms, and for such Uses, as are therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable incourse out of a Fund for One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds/><?r Annum, for Thirty-two Years, with a certain increase of Principal and Interest, according to several Classes, with Addition of Chances, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to ’the said Committee, that they do join together and consolidate the said Two Bills; and take care, that the weekly Sum, to arise out of the Revenue of the Poll Office, and all the Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, and the Revenue toarile by licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the farther Duties toarile by stampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and upon Cards and Dice, and upon the Exportation of Roc!; Salt :o Ireland, be made a Fund, or Security, for railing any Sum, not exceeding Two millions, towards her Majesty’s Supply; that is to say, the Sum, not exceeding One million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, mentioned in the Resolution of this House of the 3d Inllant, and the Sum, not exceeding Five hun-23

dred thousand Pounds, mentioned in the Resolutloa a£ this House of the Fourteenth Instant.

Ordered, That R be an Itiftreftion to the said Committee, to receive a Clause, for making out Debenture! for any Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Three thousand and Three Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Foot Pence, for the Relief of the poor Sufferers at Nevis and Si. Christophers, according to the Resolution of this House of the 30th of April last.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to receive a Clause, that the Receipts, given by the Officers, for Plate, brought in pursuant to the Resolution of this House of the First: Inllant, be accepted as so much Money in the Contributions towards the said Sum, not exceeding Two millions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to receive a Clause, that the Money, which flaall appear to be due to the Moneyers, for re-coining the Mooney of Scotland (upon passing an Account thereof in the Exchequer of Scotland) be tatisfied out of the Moneys arisen, or to arise, by the Coinage Duties.

A Bill for making good Deficiencies, and for satisfying South Sea the publick Debts, and for erecting a Corporation, to carry Co®P*"y-on a Trade to the South Seas, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Ilcetler Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of llcefier, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Samuel Masham, Esquire, who, since his being elected a Burgess for the said Borough, hath been made Cofferer of her Majesty’s Houshold.

The House proceeded to the farther hearing of the Weymouth Merits of the Election for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petitioners Counsel proceeded to qualify Votes, the Mayor had refused to admit: Touching whom several Witnesses were examined.

And the Counsel on both Sides being directed to withdraw: -

Mr. Hungerford reported, that he having (according Preservation to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon of Game, the Subject-matter of the last Conference; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers, that managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And they went to the Conference accordingly:

And being returned;

Mr. Hungerford reported, that they had given the Lords the further Reasons directed, for disagreeing to the Amendment, made by them to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making an Act, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) perpetual, and for making the same more effectual j and left the Bill with the Amendment, with the Lords.

----- The Counsel were called in again;

And the Petitioners Counsel proceeded farther in the Weymouth qualifying the Votes refused by the Mayor, and exa- Election. mined several Witnesses touching the same: And then they were directed to withdraw. -

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rogers and Mr.

Hiccocks:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Preservation House, that the Lords do desire a Conference with this of Game. House upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference,' as the Lords desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered,

*7

r8° MwV.

6-jt

Weymouth

Elect*. n.

Scotch Liueo Mauuiact'j u.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the lad Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers were called over, and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Hungerford reported, that the Conference was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Earl of Do>Jatt\ who acquainted the Managers for the Commons, That the Lords find it necessary to acquaint the Commons, that what was offered by them at the last Conference, does not tufhcienily remove the Difficulties their Lordships are under as to the Form and Manner of Proceedings between the Two H’>uses upon Amendments to Bills, the Commons not having as yet exprdly told their Lordfhijrs, whether they agree, or disagree, to Clause A, as sent down by their Loroships: Until that be done, the Lords arc of Opinion, they cannot regularly proceed to consider, wi.ether their Lordships shall insist, or not iniiit, upon the said Amendment.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration ujon Saturday Morning next.

----- The Hrafc proceeded in the farther hearing of

the Mciits of the Kieftion for the Borough of and Melt ombRefs.

And the Petitioners Counsel went on in the qualifying others of the Votes, which hail been refilled by the Mayor, and examineJ several Witnr.Tes touebingfthe same: And the fitting Mcml> r> Counlcl were in Part heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides, and Witnesses, withdrew.

Ordered, That the further hearing the Merits of the said Eieftion be adjourned until Morning next,

Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bdl to prevent Abuses in making and whitening of Linen Cloth of A 'oi:bBritain, and for the regulating the Lengths, Bicadtln, and equal lorting of Yarn for each Piece, am! to hinder the Exportation of Flax of the Growth of North Butain, and all Sorts of Linen Yarn, to foreign Parts, was committed, be taken into Confieicration upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. y

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Weeks, Mr. Gott, Mr. Randall, Mr.

Carter, Mr. Cross, Mr. Topham, Sir Fra. Child, Sir Geo,

Beaumont, Sir Thl>. Travell, Mr.; and all that

serve for the Counties of Oxon, Berk, Northampton, Kent,

and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill to difiolve the present, and prevent Coal Trade, the future. Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen,

Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the &rther Encouragement of the Coal Trade, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

And an logrolled Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That Lightermen shall not buy up, and engross, great Quantities of Coals from Ships importing Coals into London, and fell the same again at exorbitant Prices; and was once read.

And a Debate arising in the House, touching the fecund reading of the said Clause t

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Moroing.

A Bill for makinggood Deficiencies, and for satisfying sWhSea the publitk Debts, and for erecting a Corporation, to Company, carry on a Trade to the South Seas, was read a Second time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to receive a Clause, to repeal Io muen of the Act, of the Seventh and Eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen) and of the Act, of the Eighth and Ninth Years of his said Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act to enforce the Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen) as relates to the registering of Seamen.

Vzrterisy 18° Maii;

Scotch

Equivalent

Anno io* Annx Reginte, 1711.

Praters.

MU Smith presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to take, examine, and anti the Fentioners understand, there s a Bdl

Rate, the Accounts of the Comnnflioners for the Pay J *L~n 1..... "J

A Petition of the united Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of his late Majesty King William the 3d, the whole Trade in, to, and from, the East Indies, in the Countries and Places Africa,

and America, beyond the Cape of Bona to

the Straits of Magellan, was granted to the Petitioners, exclusive of all others, for which they have lent to his late and her present Majesty Three millions Two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, at the Bate of 5per Cent.

Sourh Sea Company

tnent of the Equivalent Money; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

RmWuke’s

now depending, whereby the Corporation is to be vested in the foie Trade and Tra Hick into and from America, throughout the South Seas, to the northermofi Part thereof, which are reputed to belong to Spainand being comprehended in the Petitioners Grant, they humbly conceive, it will not only be injurious to the Petitioners,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Richard Bridecake, but a great Discouragement to all others, who have or Esquire, in the County of Oxon, and charging other Part mar lend Mone7 upon parliamentary Funds And thereof with Two Annuities, for Payment and Satisfy- »"g to be b«rd by Counsel to such Part of the Bill, as tion of several Incumbrances aftefting his whole Estate, relates to the said Trade. and for confirming an Agreement, made between the said Richard Bridecake, and others, claiming Common

in Hookmrton Warren, and Hooknorton-laycs, in the lame

County, was read a Second time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be committed ro Mr. Duncomb,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conside ration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard thereupon by their Counsel, if they think St.

Mr. AmeJIey presented to the House (according to Building Order) a BiJl for granting to her Majesty several Duties n€v

Mr. Johnson, Mr. Comers, Mr. Cnfar, Mr. Rouney, Sir " tT r h,n7k

*¥«/? 1 fit man Mr. Stmts Mr J si M si C* nlnn«l T am 7 _ _ . (ibOUt

Just. ljhom, Mr. Stephens, Mr. New land, Colonel Lee,

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Gtoyn, Mr. Page, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Fitz.Williams, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Mr.

Wrightion, Sir Geo. N.w/and, Mr. Brace bridge. Sir Barker, Sir Gilbert Dolbtn, Mr. Hickman, Mr. Harvey, Sir Richard Hoar, Lord Compton, Colonel King, Mr. Vol. 16.

the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and the same was received.

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, who were appointed to esquire, who was the Author, Printer, and

Publisher, Proceedings.

18° — 190 Mail. A. 1711.

Pegulating

Hackney

Coaches.

Publisher, of a printed Paper, intituled, " Ofervations *on the Bill relating to the Mine -adventurers;" that they had made an Enquiry accordingly, and had directed him to report the Matter, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and after-' wards delivered it in the Clerk’s Table.

In which Report Sir Humphry (a Member

of this House) being named; and he not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration To morrow Morning.

Ordered \That Sir Humphry Mackworth do then attend this House in his Place.

A Petition of several Hackney Coachmen, on behlaf of themselves, and the rest of the Seven hundred, now licensed within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, when the said Seven hundred were settled, and licensed, there was an Addition of Three hundred more, and now there’s intended a further Addition of One hundred (as informed) which will make the Licences much less valuable: And praying to be heard by Counsel, before any further Settlement be made, and be relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for laying several new Duties on stamp Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and certain Duties on Cards and Dice, and a Dufy upon the Exportation of Rock Salt from Great Britain to Ireland, during such Terms, and for such Uses, as are therein mentioned, is copamitted.

Sabbati, 190 Maii;

Anno io* Annae Reginae, 17 ft.

Prayers.

MR. Bracebridge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, was committed; that they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then some of them a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned until Tuesday next, after the further hearing at the Bar the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset.

A Bill for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Abuses in Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who paying the were appointed to inquire into false Musters, and other

Guards. Abuses in the Payment of her Majesty’s Guards, and also Abuses, committed in relation to Hospital, be

taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Lottery, &c. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable in course out of a Fund for One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds Annum, for Thirty-two Years, with a certain Increase of Principal and Interest, according to several Gaffes, with Addition of Chances; and to whom the Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for laying several new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and certain Duties upon Cards and Dice, and a Duty upon the Exportation of Rock Salt from Great Britain to Ire-lacd, during such Terms, and for such Uses, as are therein mentioned, is also committed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had madelbme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bills.

Rdililmj! . A Bill for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Fifty new Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Churches. Cities of London and Westminster and Suburbs thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.'

The House resumed the adjourned Debate touching the Second Reading of a Clause, offered Yesterday, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, to dissolve the present and prevent the future, Combination of Coal-owners, Lightermen, Matters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the farther Encouragement of the Coal Trade.

And the Act, 11th and iath Willielmi, touching Watermen, was read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, to make the Act temporary.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

Then the Clause was read a Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,? }77'

Tellers for She } 6*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And, that the Title be, An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the future, Combination of Coahowners, Lightermen, Matters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of she Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the farther Encouragement of the Coal Trade.

Ordered, That Mr, Wrightson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to esquire, who was the Author, Printer, and Publishe’*, of a

printed

Thames

Fishery.

Building Fifty new Churches.

Coal Tract,

Privilege; - -Publication of Proceedings.

t

19° Mail

printed Paper, intituled, " ObLrvations on the Bill*

* relating to the Mine Adventurers."

And the Report was read, and is as follows*

That..... in order to make such Discovery, examined several Witnesses; viz.

Sir George Stonehouse said, that one Richard Cox, Ser-

vant to Sir Humphry Mackworth, brought him a considerable Quantity of the same Papers, as that complained of, and cenlurcd by the House, in a Bag; and laid, they were lent by the Creditors of the Mine Adventurers, and desired him to give the same to the Members: That he was formerly retained by one Mr. who told him,

he was a Creditor of the Mine Adventurers Company, to solicitfor them; and that he would satisfy him for his Trouble; and gave him a Guinea, as a retaining Fee: That he deliverer! most part of the Papers; producing the Remainder, and the Bag, before the Committee.

'John Cox, one of the Door-keepers of this House, said, that he had some of the said Papers delivered to him by Sir Humphry Mackworth Servant, who told him, he brought them from the Creditors of the Mine Adventurers Company, and bid him distribute them among the Members.

That the Committee summoned the said Mr to attend them; but the Mell'eugcr brought word, that his landlord told him, he went out of Town that Morning into Camcri.beshire, to fit upon a Commission.

Rich.vJCcx (who owned himself to be Sir Humphry Mnktvotth', Servant) said, that some time ftnee a tall thin l*eifi>n, who he mver saw before, nor since, brought a Bug. with Papers in it (as he said) from one Mr. aim enquiring for Sir Humphry Servant, Cox

fnh! l.un, lie was his Savant; whereupon the said Person ! itn. that Mr. Left desired, that he would carry tiic laid P.q ers to Sir George and the

Door-ke'prr: Which he did accordingly, and delivered them to S.r George Stcnehsife, and Ccx at the House, in

order to be given to the Members; and told them, that he was sent to them by Hackett-, but that he never read any of the said Papers, or the Titles thereof, nor knew the Conti nts of them, but did deliver some few himself to the Members.

That the Committee, examining lomeof the Papers in the said Bag, which the said C'c.r delivered to Sir George Stouebou/e, found them to be the fame, as the Paper complained ot to, and conlured by, the House.

XIr. Philip Pcik produced a Paper to the Committee, which apjreared to be the fame, as that complained of to, and ernfured by, the House; and said, that on the Eighth of this Instant May, he being at Coffee-’

house, Sir Humphry Mackworth gave him Two or Three of them,.and desired him to give them to the Members, and told him, he would give him a greater Quantity for that Purpose; but Mr. Peck asking Sir Humphry, why 1:is own Servant did not deliver them. Sir Humphry told l.im chat would not do so well; for his Servant was known, and he, the said Peck, was not; upon which Peck refuioi to deliver any more: That of those he had, he delivered one to an honourable Member of the House, another to his Father, who was then present in the Coffee-house, and kept one for himself; but said, he afterwards saw Sir Humphry Mackuorth's Servant, Richard Cox, deliver the same fort of Papers.

Mr. Peck, the Father, confirmed his Son’s Evidence. And being asked, if there were any Prejudices between Sir Humphry Mackworth, and him;

He said, there was no other Differences between them, than that there arc Suits commenced against him in the Court of Exchequer; but, whether Sir Humphry Mack-worth, or the Mine Company, are interested in those Suits, he cannot learn, tho’ he has endeavoured so to do for Three Years pall: For the Tran fad ions that have passed between Sir Humphry and him, Sir Humphry lays, wcic upon the Company’s Account, and by their Directions; and the Company say, what Sir Humphry lo tran faded, was upon his own Account.

Sir Humphry Mackworth attending in his Place (accord-Yol. It).

ing to Order) acquainted the House, that some of the Papers were delivered to him in a Hurry, to give to the Members; and be gave them, not considering the Ex* pressions in it i That he delivered them, before the Bill paired, without any Thought or Design to refled on the Honour of the House, but only as Ucafons to be relitvod against some ClauseS in the Bill, which was then depend* ing before the House, and not passed:

That he was not then aware of the Reflections in the Paper, which he thinks are very ill, and be disproves of them; and humbly acknowledged, he was very sorry, he concerned himself in any of the Papers, or that he delivered any of them.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver to Public the present Commissioners for the taking, examining. Accounts, and fluting, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, the Books and Papers, that were by Order of this House delivered to him by the late Commissionere for the taking, examining, and Rating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the- scotch Linen Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Manufacture, Abuses in making and whitening of Linen Cloth of North Britain, and for the regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal Porting of Yarn for each Piece, and to hinder the Exportation of Flax of the Growth of North Britain, and all Sorts of Linen Yarn, to foreign Parts, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout, and several of thein a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

After which,

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the farther Consideration of the said Report be adjourned;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yess.^J' w$'i: ]

Telle* for IheNoes.f^ } 40.

So it passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were (except one, which was difegreed to) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Pat«rfon’» whom the Petition of William Paterjon, Esquire, was Claim*, referred, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-^ight.

Re/ohcd, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Arrear$ of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Guard* in House, upon the Bill for paying and clearing a Detach- Spain, mentef the Guards in Spain after the Battle, of between the Twenty-fourth of August and Twenty-fourth, of 05loher. One thousand Seven hundred and Seven, and for supplying the Defect of the Muster-rolls of the said Detachment within that Time.

Ordered, That the Report of the Conference with the Lords upon SChurfday last be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

8 H

674 21* —

Luna^ 21* Maii;

Anno 10° Annae Reginae, 17ix.

Prayers.

Scotch A BILL to impower the Barons of the Exchequer in Equivalent. Scotland to take, examine, and (late, the Accounts

of the Commissioners for the Payment of the Equivalent Money, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thttrfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Justicea of An ingossed Bill for the better qualifying Justices o^ Peace the Peace in that Part of Great Britain called England, Qualification, principality of Wales, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That the Bill should not extend to the Counties of Dorset, , and Cornwall.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave, of the: ' House, withdrawn.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill:

Pr. t. L. 15. To leave out "and Principality of "Wales

Pr. 1. L. 32. After " " to insert " Durham,

" 'Monmouth."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the better qualifying Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Principality of Wales.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Orders of the Day being read;

South ?ea The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Company, whole House, upon the Bill for making good Deficiencies,

and, for satisfying the publick Debts; and for erecting a Corporation, to carry on a Trade to the South Seas.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Supply Bill; The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Lottery, tee. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable in Course out of a Fund for One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per , for Thirty-two Years, with a certain increase of principal and Interest, according to several Classes, with Addition of Chances; and upon the Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches ind Chairs, and for laying several new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, ana Paper, and certain Duties on Cards and Dice, and a Duty upon the Exportation of Rock Salt from Great Britain to Ireland, during such Terms, and for such Uses, as are therein mentioned;

Foreign A Petition of Sir John Lambert, Baronet, was pre-Spiriit fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner lately imported into the Port of London, from Cadiz, 60 Calks of SpanifBrandy, in good Condition, and Proof, when shipped; and that they are now so small, that they are near One-third under Proof, having been mixed with Water, or some other final! Liquors, in the Voyage; and where Brandies arc stronger than Proof,

1 a° Maii. A^ 17it*

a'

double Duties are always paid; but there being no Provision to make such Allowances, when they are smaller:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Clause, to impower the Lords Commissioners of her Majesty’s Treasury to make such Allowances, as to them shall seem just, in relation to the said 60 Calks of Spanish Brandies.

Ordered, That the (aid Committee of the whole House have Power to receive a Clause, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Merchants trading in Genoa Paper, Card-nat*, the Stationers, the wholesale Haberdashers of small Wares, and the Card-makers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Cards are now fold even from 6 s.to 50 s.per Gross, and those of 6 s. per Gross

must pay £. 3. ns. Tax, which is 12 times the Value of the Cuds: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and be relieved.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for laying several new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and certain '

Duties on Cards and Dice, and a Duty upon the Exportation of Kock Salt from Great Britain to Ireland, during such Terms, and for such Uses, as are therein mentioned, is committed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progress in the said Bills; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bills.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Scotch, whom the petition of several Merchants-adventurers ^ian> *"* of Scotland, and other Officers, belonging to the Ship company.

Annandale, was referred, be taken into Consideration. upon Thursday Morning, next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Arrears of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ,iuards» upon the Bill for paying and clearing a Detachment of Sp""’ the Guards in Spain after the Battle ot Almanza, between the 24th of August and 24th of October, 1707, and for supplying the Defect of the Muster-rolls of the said Detachment within that time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is) 22* die Maii;

Anno io* Ann* Regin*, 1711.

Pratxrs.

SI R Robert Dovers (according to Order) reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom America, the Bill to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America, was committed, the Amendments, they had made to the Bill, and directed , him to report to the House: And he read the same in hi*

Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; Where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (with an Amendment to one of them) agreed unto by tfic House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That all Prize Goods, which after the Day of

Chalk

CletW*»

£a»u.

Wevmotrth

tfcttivii.

*7$

shall be imported, shall be liable to the same Duties as if not Prize.

And the same was twice read* with Blanks* which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For taking off tire £.$ per Man, given by an Act 6* (for the better securing thcTrade of this Kingdom by Cruisers and Convoys) for taking any of the Enemy’s Ships.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And the Question being put* That the Clause be made Part of the Bdl;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be Ingrossed.

A Mrffage from the Lords, by Mr. Felines and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill* intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Fragnail, and other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, the Estate of Clerk, Esquire, for Payment of Debts, and settling an Edatl in the County of Leieejleand City of London, to *the same U!es, as the Estate in Kent was settled, and in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to the farther hearing of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of and

Melcomb Regis, in the County of And the Counsel on both Sides were called in*

And the fitting Members Counsel proceeded to the jutlifying such Votes, as had been objected to by the Petitioners Counsel, and to the diiqualilying such Votes, as the Petitioners Counsel had infilled ought to be added to the Petitioners Poll, and also to the disqualifying several "of the Petitioners Votes, who were upon the Poll: and several WitnessVs were produced, and examined.

After which, the Petitioners Counsel were beard, to justify their Votes, that were objected against.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That William Betts, Esquire, is duly deified a Burge Is

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Mclcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset \ The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Telleis for the Yeas^JJ^ j 44-

Tclfonfor, heN^"^ },6.

So it pafl*ed io the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put* That James Littleton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough bf Weymouth ana Mclcomb Regis;

It passed in the Negative.

Ref five d. That Sir Thomas Knight, is duly

deified a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

Ref oh ed. That William Harvey, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

Ordered That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Retum for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset, by rating out the Names of William,

Esquire* nod James Littleton, Esquire, and inferring the Names of Sir Thmas Hardy, Knight, and William

vey, Esquire, instead thereof.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Edward Tizard, Mayor of the Borough of Yos.. 16.

39k

mouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset, has been guilty of arbitrary and illegal Practices in the late Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth;

Tdleo for Hit Yt», . },ofc

Ttllenfor.htNots^;"'.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Edward Tizard be, for the Aid , arbitrary and illegal Practices, taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That tile Report from the Committee, t6 Tbmnw whom the Bill for the better Preservation and Improve* fl,l,ery* ment of the Fishery within the River of and for

regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, was committed, be taken into farther Confident ion upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Monckton, Mr. Benson, Sir Richard Standard Faring:on, Mr. Weekes, Mr. BraeebridSir ®‘pl*t*

mont, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Manley, Colonel Stevens, Mr.

Rurflem, Sir Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Duncmb, Mr. man, Colonel Lee, Colonel Child, Mr. Mr. Snell,

Mr. Bu/teel, Mr. Wrightson, be added to the Committee* to whom the Bill for altering the Standard of Plate* was 1 committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Afercurii, 23* die Maii;

Anno 10* Anns Regin*, 1711.

PftAYZKS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clerk’* for the Sale of the Manor of Frognall, and other EtUta. Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, the - -Estate of George Clerk, Esquire* for Payment of Debts* and settling an Estate in the County of Leicester, aoc)

City of London, to the feme Uses, as the Estate in Kent Was settled, and in lieu thereof, was read the First time*.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Confujeration (he Preforvatioa Report of the last Conference with the Lords upon the of Game. Subject-matter of the Amendment, made by theft Lordships tojthe Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Act, of the Fifth Year of hef Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) perpetual, and for nuking the same more fcffeftual.

And the Report was read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up farther Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, for disagreeing to the said Amendment.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew up the former Reasons, do draw up the said farther Reasons.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, al Five a Clock, in th< Speaker’s Chamber.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Weymouth Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Weytnouth Return and Melcomb Regis, in the County of

amended.

An ingrossed Bill for the better ascertaining the Lengths Scotch Lu,ea and Breadths of Linen Cloth, made in and equal Muufodore.

fbrting of Yam for the fame, and to prevent the Exportation ot Flax of the Growth of Scotland, and all Sorts of Linen Yarn, into foreign Parts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Linen Cloth, made in Scotland, and equal

sorting

L-

*3" — 24° Mali.

A. 1711

forting of Yarn for the fame, and to prevent the Ex- Amendments} to which they desire the Concurrence of portation of Flax of the Growth of Scotland, and all this House:

Sorts of Linen Yarn, into foreign Parts.

Ordered, That Mr. Teaman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Paine’s Debt Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom’iBg to the Crown. next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Paint.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Naval Stores Act for the encouraging the Transportation of naval from Scut' Stores from any Part of Great Britain, with some Amendments , to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

laud.

And then the Mcflfengers withdrew.

Ditto.

Regulating

Broken.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Transportation of naval Stores from any Part of Ordered, That the Bill for the better preferring pub* Britain, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning lick Credit, by reviving, and continuing, the Act, made next.

in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of the late The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Mine King William the 3d (intituled, An Act to restrain the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Adventure

Number, and ill Practices, of Brokers and Stock-jobbers) Act for the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of the <.’ompan>. and to preserve the Equivalent, given to the Lord Mayor, Company of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a Method and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, for settling the Differences between the Company, and

Building Fifty new i Churches.

South Sea Company.

be read the First time upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to her Majesty several Dutjfts upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and W and the Suburbs thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for making

ttyeir. Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual working the Mines of the find Company.

And the same were twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

3 Pr. L. 25. For "Original" insert "Original;" and after " Original" insert " ingrafted."

39. Instead of " qr" insert " as."

4 Pr. L. 40. After " Orignal" insert " an in- grafted."

Ordered, That Mr. Lawson do carry the Bill

Bailing tht Militia.

to the

good Deficiencies, and for satisfying the publick Debtsj Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed jpd for ereftinga Corporation, to carry on a Trade to the to the said Amendments.

South Seas.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Sir Robert Lavers reported from the Committee, who Doti« o«

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee. were appointed to examine the Matter of the Reports of

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. the Auditors of the Imprefts, and others, relating to the Goodt*

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they Method of computing the Duties on East India unrated had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed Goods; that they had examined the same accordingly, him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, him to repqrt to the House: Which he read in his Place

~ < -....."to and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, consider farther of the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1711, altho’ the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eleven, altho’ the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Vice-chamberlain do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovts, 24* die Maii\

Anno 10* Anna Regina, 1711.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Lottery, tec. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for railing One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable jn Course out of a Fuod.for One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, for Thirty-two Years, with a certain Increase of Principal and Interest, according to several Gaffes, with Addition of Chances; and upon the Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for laying several new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, ana Paper, and certain Duties on Cards and Dice, and a Duty upon the Exportation of Rock Salt from Great Britain, to Ireland, during such Terms, and for such Uses, as are therein mentioned.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

Mine The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Adventure for the Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of the

company. Company of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a Method for settling the Differences between the Company, and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual working the Mines of the said Company, with some

Prayers.

MR. Secretary St. John acquainted the House, that Answert* their Address having been presented to her Ma- Addnfe. jesty, that Ihe would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr.

Chaplain to this House; her Majesty had been pleased to give this Answer: That Ihe will bestow some Dignity in the Church upon the said Mr. Kimberly, pursuant to the Desire of this House.

Mr. Medlycott reported from the Committee, to whom Expiring the Bill for reviving, and continuing, several Acts of Par- Laws,

liament therein mentioned, was committed ;,that they bad made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout; and the same being read a Second time, one by one, as far as Clause B, were, (with Amendments to some of them) agreed unto by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time, " That whereas it " has been frequently practised, that Persons have been " sent, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals, sometimes " of One, and sometimes of Two Justices of the Peace, or

" more.

j

Rrprrfrt>~

tatu*n

rvl|>t* lii*;

\.'i \>t* irit|

24° Mail.

" more, as Vagrants, who have not been taken up begg’ng, or committing any Act of Vagrancy, but have for some time rcfi led and inhabited in the Parish or Place,

from whence they were sent (altho* they have not gained

any legal Settlement there) and therefore ought to be " sent to the Place of their last legal Settlement, by War-" rant under the Hands and Seals of Two Justices of *" the Peace ( quorumunns) of the County or Place, from

whence they were sent, and to be conveyed by the Of-* ficers, and at the Charge, of the Parish or Place, from " whence they "ere lent; which is not only a great Charge M to the several Counties, through which the said Persons are passed and conveyed, but by reason thereof it fre- questly happens, that the said Persons are lent back- wards and forwards f.veral times: For Remedy whereof,

be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that, from " and after the Twenty-fourth Day of next, no Per- Ion or Persons whatsoever shall be lent by virtue of " this Act, but such only, as shall be actually Vagrants, u and taken up begging, or committing some Ad of Vagrancy, and be publickly whipped lor the fame, except wounded maimed Soldiers, and the Wives and 0 Children of Soldiers, obtaining their Pafles from the " Secretary of War; and that the first Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next County or Place, from whence w any Person or Persons shall be absent as a Vagrant or Vagrant', by virtue of this Act (and, in Default of the * laid Justice or Justices, any other Justice or Justices M of any other County or Place, through which the said Vagrant or Vagrants is appointed to paf>) shall have * Power, and is hereby authorized, to examine such Person or iVr b- s so sent as a Vagrant, upon Oath; and,

if the said Juliice or Justices shall find, upon such Exa-m mi; ation, that the Person or Persons, so sent, were not Vagrant^, or did commit any Act of Vagrancy, and

were not actualfy passed as such, that then it shall be lawful for such justice or Justices to fend back and

return the said Person or Persons, by Warrant under

his or their Hands and Seals, to the Parish or Place, * from whence such Person or Persons were at first sent, * at the Charge of the County or Counties, through which (hey were so lent."

Ar.d tl.e (^I’.cftion being put. That this House do agree with the Cmmittee in the said Amendment;

Ir pallid in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bid, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Re Lived, That an he cable Represenation be made to her Majesty upon the f.vera! Reports, and Resolutions of this House, relating to the Imprest Accompfants, the on'diclt IXbts, the Arrears of Taxes, the Abuses in the V ictualing Cilice, the bringing over the , and the Charter impeved upon t!ic Corporation ol in

tha C unty of IVerccsler-, and upon the Debate of the II use.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up ^he said Represenratiorj to her Majesty.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas , Mr.

Mr. Freeman, Sir Rch.vd On/low, Mr. Lord

7/ in Pozelet, Mr. Auditor Harley, NTr. Onslow, Mr.

leather, Mr. Gzcyn, Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Mr.

Mr. Smith, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Busier, Mr. Manley, Sir

Richard Hoar, Mr. Bathm/l, Sir Peter King, Lord How, Sir Reger Mojlyit, Mr. Sharp, Sir John Packington, Mr.

Hard, Mr. Evcnfield, Sir Jacob Banks, Colonel Lee, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Jh. :tt. Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Bidteel, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Campion. Mr. Middleton, Mr. Mr. Ctfar, Sir

Fra. Vincent, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Mr. Scobell,

Mr. Cholmondlex, Sir IVtn. Sir Jo/. Jekyll,

Colonel Walpole, Mr. MeaMr. CroJJe, Sir Wm. Barker, Colonel Byerley, Lord Compton, Mr. Annesley, I.ord Down, Mr. Gou/JloH, Sir John Cortway, Sir

‘Cha. Turner, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. , Mr. Moor,

Lord Barrymore, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir

Vo l.IQ.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock,

in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Reports be referred to the said Committee. >,

The Orders of the Day being read 5

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Abofc* in were appointed to enquire into false Musters, and other P®}*0* *>' Abuses in the Payment of her Majesty’s Guards, and also Gu*r<1*' Abuses, committed in relation to Chelsea Hospital, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee South Se* of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making good ComPan3r* Deficiencies, and for satisfying the publick Debts, and for erecting a Corporation, to carry on a Trade to the South Seas, is committed, to receive a Clause, or Clautesi that the Persons, interested in the Debts and Deficiencies, provided for by the said Bill, may be at Liberty, whether they will be concerned in the carrying on the Trade to the South Seas. y

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to give further Time to those Persons, who have already neg-lcfted to pay the Duties upon Moneys given with Clerks and Apprentices, and to secure the better Payment of those Duties for the future.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to receive a Clause, that the Persons, interested in the said Debts, and Deficiencies, be enabled to chuse the Directors and Managers in the Corporation, intended by the said BUI to be ere died.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr,

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Skeffiagtons for the Sale of Timber upon the Estate of Thomas Skef- ate‘ fingtou, Esquire, an Infant, for Payment of his Father’s Debts, with some Amendments t to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An w>ollen, &c. Act for reviving, and continuing, an Act, made in the M*nn[aa"rt* First Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing Abuses and Frauds in Persons, employed in the working up thcWoollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom^ without Amenoment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of South Se» the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for Company* making good Deficiencies, and for satisfying the publick Debts* and for erecting a Corporation, to carry on a V Trade to the South Seas.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Comtaittetf.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. 1

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House \fill, upon Saturday Morn- Scotch idg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Equivalent House, upon the Bill to impower the . Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to take, examine, and state, the Accounts of the Commissioners for the Payment of the Equivalent Money.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Scotch whom the Petition of several Merchants-adventurers of V^ian’an<* Scotland, and other Officers, belonging to the Ship An- Company nandale, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon P J’ this Day Fortnight.

81 Ordered,

Thames

Fishery.

Lovett5#'

Estate.

Saltmarsh’s

Estate*

Building Eifty new Churchta.

24® — 25° Mali,

A. 1711

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of , and for regulating and governing the Company of Fisherroen of the said River, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Corn-

Then the House resolved itself into the said mittee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Annejley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Amejley reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order being read, for the receiving the Report of Smith S . the Bill for making good Deficiencies, and for satisfying Co®PaBJ-the public Debts, and for erecting a Corporation, to carry on a Trade to the South Seas j

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the said Report, to offer a Clause, for giving Leave to export unwrought

VeneriS) 25* die Matty

Anno ict Annas Regina, 1711.

Prater t.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make Building Leases of Part of the Estate, late of John Lovett, deceased, lying Iron, and trade in the same with any of the Subjects’ of

1M K-a 1 99 m IJi Xft fmaa ttffl f* I U 4*« a O a . *4 1 a 1 Ts-__* I _ A. L a A JLib _ L a! J

in the City of Dublin, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do carry the Rill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed* to the fame, with an Amendment; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. FoIIovks, and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Spain, notwithstanding the Proviso in the Act, of the 3d and 4th Years of her Majesty’s Reign, for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

Then Mr. Conyers reported, that the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, had made several Amendments- to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and the same being read a Second time, one by one, as far as the Amendment, Fol. 23. L. 11. One of them was for Sale of Part of the Estate of Philip Salimarjke, Ef- difegreed unto, and the rest were (with an Amendment quire, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, and to One of them) agreed unto by the House.

laying out the Surplus in other Purchases, and also for confirming an Agreement for a Partition, Division,.and Exchange, of other Part of his Estate in the Counties of Nottingham and Dorset, with some Amendments 5 to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to her Majesty several Duties, upon Cods, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and for Other Purposes therein mentioned;

A Petition on the behalf of the Parish of St. Peter Ip Poor, in the City of London, was offered to the House. ’

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up:

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Sir Chrtfiopher presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, that in the Act of 8’ and 9° of the late King William* for the completing and adorning -of-St. Paul's, London, there being a Qaqfc for suspending a Moiety of the Surveyor’s Salary, till the Church should be finished, the Petitioner humbly conceives, that the Parliament did apprehend, that the Building, and every thing belonging to it, was wholly under the Management of him, and so in his Power to protract it, as Surveyor thereof: That the same being $»ow completed, except the Iron Fence, some Ornaments undetermined, and feme other Matters* which some of the Commi 15oners of the Work have so interpofedin, that his Measures for completing the same are wholly over-ruled, and thereby neither paid the Salary due to him, nor fullered to perfect the Work, that is made the Condition of it, tho’ believes, could finish the feme by

The said Amendment, Fol. 23. L. 11. via.

After " Seal " to insert " with Power from time to- time to chuse their Governors, Directors, and othep " Officers, in such manner, as shall be directed in such*

" Letters Patents j"

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the saidk Amendment, by inferring, after the Word " manner,’* these Words* " and under such Qualifications, as to the " Electors and elected."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding at the End thereof these Words " the first Governor and Directors to be nominated by her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, in the " said Letters Patents, the first Governor and Directors " being so qualified, as all subsequent Governors and " Directors shall be qualified, and to continue in their *" respective Offices for One Year only."

And the Question being put. That these Words be added to the Amendment;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeu,gJ I'. Motion:}no'

Tellers for the Noes| *£; f ,9.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended.

The Residue of the said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally‘' put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Company, to be established by the Act, shall employ

Christmas next: And praying to be-relieved therein, as a Stock, to carry on the Fishery

the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to her Majesty several, Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and for other Puipples therein mentioned, is committed.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up; and the Clause was amended; and then, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for giving Liberty to export unwrought Iron to

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another

io Ann.

35°- — -2 6Matt.

Another Clause was offered, to be adJed to the Bill, settling an Estate in the County of nd City of

That no Person shall be capable of being a Governor, to the same Uses, as the Estate in Kent was set-

tled, and in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goulfion^ Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gott, Colonel Lee, Mr.

Mr. Chapman, Dr. Pajk, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Hunger ford, I)r. Hutton, Sir GilbDolben, Mr. Vice-

Deputy Governor, or Dircdor, of the intended Corporation, during the Time he shall be a Governor, Deputy

Governor, or Dirt ft or, of the Bank, or of the EajiIndia Company.

And tire lime was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made chamberlain, Mr. Croft, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lee, Mr. Bertie, Part of the Bill. Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, l]> Mr. Hey/ham, Sir Jacob AJbley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. That the intended Corporation shall borrow Money only Mr. Mr. Mr. , Mr.

for their Trade, and not discount Bills. Lovother, Lord Lyon, Mr. Levingston, Mr. Duncomb,

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the Mr. Pitt, Sir John Colonel Stevens, Mr. An-

House, withdrawn. tufley Mr. , Mr. Gape, Lord , Mr.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, Mr* Dashwood, Sir Arthur Kay, Sir Geo. , Sir

That Persons shall not be obliged to come into the in- Hugh Paterson, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Pringle, tended Corporation. Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. , Mr. Sir Fra -

And the Question being put, That the Clause be Mr. Camege, Mr. Hart, Lord Compton, Mr. Trol-

brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Arrtan of Omni* in

man, Mr. Wrightson, Mr. Bay ley, Mr. Mr. Gore,

Champion Dymocke, Sir Ja. Wifi dart, Mr.

Mr. Afewe, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Newland, Mr. Worfiey, Mr. Shippen; and all the Gentlemen, that

serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, and

Wilts: And they are-to meet this Afternoon, in the

Resolved, That this House win, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Speaker s Chamber, the Bill for paying and clearing a Detachment of the Guards in Spain after the Battle of Almanza, between the The House (according to Order) resolved itself'into a Arrears of 24th of Au-ujl and 24th of October, 1707, and for sup- Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for paying Guards iu

plying the Dcfed of the Muster-rolls of the said Detachment within that Time.

9app1y Bill; Repli ed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

Laticiy, See. next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ronfuler fart her of the Bill for railing One million Five hundred thou find Pounds, for Orders, to be payable in Course out of a Fund for One hundred and forty thousand Pounds p.nrAnnum, for Thirty-two Years, with a certain In creak of Principal and Interest, according to several

and clearing a Detachment of the Guards in Sptiin after sPam* the Battle of Almanza, between the 24th of August and 44th of October, 1707, and for supplying the Deled of the Muster-rolls of the said Detachment within that Time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mt.’Vice-chamberlain took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Vice-chamberlain reported from the Committee,

dalles, with Addition of Chances; and upon the Bill for that they had gone through the Bill; and had directed

Na*al Stmts from Scot-lami.

Dntifs an

imratfdl

Wood*.

regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, and Chairs, and for laying several new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, ami Paper, 3nd certain Duties on Cards and Dice, and a Duty upon the Exportation of Rock Sale from Great Britain to Ireland, during such Terms, and for such L ies, as are therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Transportation of naval Stores from any Part of North Britain, be taken into Consideratiop Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the Reports of the Auditors of the Imprefts, and others, relating to the Method of computing the Duties on East India unrated Goods, be taken into Confederation upon -tyfhy Morning next.

Timm#*

Kuhtry.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee,

regulating and governing the Company of fishermen of the said River, was committed, be taken into farther Gonfulcration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroiy Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbatiy 26" die Mqii y

Anno io# Annse Regime, 1711. Prayers.

him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Brecebridge reported from the Committee, to whom the logrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Richard pfquire, in the County of Oxon, and charging other Part thereof with Two Annuities, for Payment and Satisfaction pffcvpral /gcumbrances afieding his whole Estate, juid for confirming an Agreement, made between thp said Richard Bripoake, an J others, claiming Comtppnin Hooknorton Warren, and Hooknorton-lay ts.in the same County, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to fie true; find that the Parties concerned had given their Cop-j.ents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of thp Committee; that the Committee had directed him to report

Brideoake’s

£A«t«.

Clerk’*

iftlate.

and

/ommittee, to ifye same to the House, without any Amendment: Apd 'whom the Bill for the better Preservation and Improve- he delivered the Bill m at the Clerk’s Tabjp. jnent of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for

A Bill for the better preserving publick Credit, by reviving and continuing, the Ad, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of the late King William the 3d (intituled, An Act to restrain the Number, and ill Practices, of Brokers and Stock-jobbers) and to prderye the Equivalent, given to the Lord Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of was (ao*

cording to Order) read the First time.

Resolved, That the BiH be read a Second time.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee oft he whole House, upon the Bill to impower

Regulating: Brokers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in to take,

for Sale of the Manor of Frogaall, and other Lands examine, and Rate, the Accounts of the Comirfiftioners and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, the Estate for the Payment of the Equivalent Money, of George Clerk, Esquire, for Pay meat of his Debts, and Mr. Speaker, left the Chair.

V#i.. 1ft, , Mr.

Scotch

Equivalent

Mr. Lockhart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lockhart reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made one Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House wilt please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Lockhart accordingly reported the said Amendment; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; where it was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by die House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ift-grofled.

Buflfing Mr. Anqcfley (according to Order) reported from the Fifty new Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Churches. granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and for other. Purposes therein mentioned, was Committed, the Amendments, they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fellows and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

Biddulph’* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Biddulph, Esquire, for

Payment of his Debts, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Abuses in The House (according to Order) proceeded to take paying the into Consideration the Report from the Committee, who Guard*. were appointed toenquire into false Musters, and other Abuses in Payment of her Majesty’s Guards, and also Abuses, committed in relation to Hospital.

Resolved, Nemine contr That it appears to this House, that in several Companies of her Majesty’s Foot Guards there have been great Abuses, in keeping but Two-thirds of their Complement of effective Men, and in protesting many Debtors from their Creditors.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Lieutenant Colonel Chatteris has been guilty of the said Abuses, and also of threatening, and tampering with, the Witnesses, produced before the said Committee.

Resolved, That the said Resolutions be laid before her Majesty; and that her Majesty be humbly desired to give Direction, that the said Lieutenant Colonel Charteris may be punished for the said Offences; and that effectual Care may be taken to punish all Persons, that have been guilty of false Musters, and other Abuses, in the Guards, and to prevent the like for the future.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be laid before her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That the imprisoning Persons in the Savoy Prison, without any Authority in Writing from a Corn-million Officer, putting them in Irons, and felling them, to be sent abroad, has been a great Violation of the Liberty of the Subject.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that Patrick Samuel IVUfon, John Man,

John Hare, William James Bampford, Remark

Bumvorth, William Hardtfiy, Richard Sedan, and John Ackland, who have given Evidence before a Committee of this House, touching the Abuses aforesaid, may be discharged from the Service of the Army, and protested from being pressed again into the said Service.

Ordered, That the said Addressa be presented to her *4

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Mr.

Joseph Billers and Mr. John Theedam have done good Service in detesting-the said Abuses, and do deserve Encouragement for the feme.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to’ Paterfcm,« whom the Petition of Wm. Paterson Esquire, was re- Cf*uns> inferred, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords Naval Stores to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Sct*' Transportation of naval Stores from any Part of North Britain, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Cumminses.

Arid then the House adjourned ‘ till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

- — i -- fc *.. . -iH* * a

Luncz<t 28° dieMaii;

Anno to* Annae Reginse, 1711.

- Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into farther Confide- Th»m» ration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, was committed.

And the residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed Unto, and the rest (with some Amendments to feme of them) were agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making good Deficiencies, and Sooth S« for satisfying the Publick Debts, and for ereftinga Corporation, to carry on a Trade to the South Seas, and for Encouragement of the Fishery, and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of Spain, and to repeal the Acts for registering Seamen, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, to deduct per Cent, for the

Principal Money due on Army and Transport Debentures, in regard an Allowance of Interest is to be made by the intended Corporation, of Six Pounds Cent, for the said Debentures.

And the said Ryder was twice read, with Blanks* which were filled up.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read aThirdtime;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, That any Three or more Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, may order any of the Tickets, made out for the Pay of any Seamen, or others, on board any of her Majesty’s Ships, which shall appear not to be paid, disposed of, or parted with, to be paid ready Money,- or admitted, as l'uch, into the joint Stock of the said Corporation.

And the same was thrice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. at. L. To leave out " great Seal of j’*

IS;

) U:J

1

Pr. 22. L. ii. To leave out "they," and insert "the Persons so incorporated:"

Pr. 32. L. *. To leave out " Bill,"and insert Act." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, A femmecontradicente, That the Bill do pals;

and that the Title be. An Act for making good Deficien-cics, and for satisfying the publick Debts, and for erecting a Corporation, to carry on a Trade to the South Seas, and for Encouragement of the Fishery, and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of and to repeal the Acts for registering Seamen.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Vml Stow* from Scot-Ud.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Trans|Kirtation of naval Stores from any Part of North Britain, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock.

BmMing An »ngrflfed Bill for granting to her Majesty several

tifty mw Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in Churches. and about the Cities of London and and

Suburbs thereof, and for oilier Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

An ing:ofled Clause was offered, as a Ryder, to be added to the Bill, to pay Interest fur such Money, as shall be advanced, before the Duties on Coals, granted by the Act. shall commence.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to draw up a Reprclcntation to be made to her Majesty, have Leave, to fit in a Morning.

Ordered That the Report from the Committee, to Scotch whom the Petition of Sir Wm. Dougl Lieutenant Ge- Equivalent, neral of her Majesty’s Forces, is referred, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning neit.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn* Eayu’s Debt

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to iheCrowq. House, to consider of the Petition of Payn.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bin-, resolve itfelfinioa Committeeof the wholeHoule, tocon- Uer*’ c> fider farther of the Bill for fading One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable in Course out of a Fund for One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, for Thirty-two Years, with a. certain increase of Principal and Interest, according to several Clalfes, with Addition of Chances; and upon the- Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for laying several new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and certain Duties on Cards, and Dice, and a Duty upon the Exportation of Rock Sale from Great Britain to Ireland, during such Terms, and for such Uses, as are therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow,

One a Clock in the Afternoon.

Martisy 2 90;

Anno io* Annse Reginat, 1711.

Home, to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment waspropoled to be made to the Bill,

Pr l.dl. L. 1. To leave out "and Ninth," and inlcrt Year of the Reign."

And the same was, upon the Questfon put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refo/ved, Nemine contract That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and H'ejl-winster, and Suburbs thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and delirc their Concurrence thereunto.

N

/mart of An ingrossed Bill for paying and clearing a Detach-r.uards io ment of the Guards in after the Battle of Spurn. between the24th of Auguj and24th of 1707, and for supplying the Deleft of the Muster Rolls of the said Detachment within that Time, was road the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for paying and clearing a Detachment of the Guards in Spain alter the Battle of Almanza, between the Twenty-fourth of August and Twenty-fourth of,

One tltoufand Seven hundred and Seven, and for supplying the Defect of the Muster Rolls of the said Detachment within that Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Vice-chamberlain do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Scotch An ingrossed Bill to impower the Barons of the Court Equivalent, of Exchequer in Scotland to take, examine, and state, the Accounts of the Commissioners for the Payment of the Equivalent Money, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa(s; and that the Title be, An Act to impower the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to take, examine, and state, the Accounts of the Commissioners for the Payment of the Equivalent Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Lockhart do carry the Bill to tha Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Vol. 16.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That the Thanks of this Hou f<* be given p, <f0(j4 to Dr Todd, for the Sermon by him preached before thanked, this House this Day at St. Margaret'; and that he be defiied to print the same: And that Colonel Grakme and Mr. Annesley do acquaint him therewith.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itfi lf into a Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, to consider farther of the Bill for railing One mil- Lottery, fcc. lion Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable in Course out of a Fund for One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, for Thirty-two Years, with a certain increase of Principal and Interest, according to several Gaftcs, with Addition of Chances; and upon the B'll for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for laying several new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and certain Duties on Cards and Dice, and a Duty upon the Exportation of Rock Salt from Great Britain to Ireland, during l’uch Terms, and for such Uses, as are therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committ.ee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, that they have gone through the said Bills, and have consolidated them, according to the Instruction given by the House; and have made several Amendments thereto, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

8 K

68 2

Mercurii, 306 die Mali;

Anno to° Anna Reginae, 1711. Praters.

300 — 310 Mail A. 1711.

fate for the ] 80.

Tate for the K^as^- } ’8-

So it was tefolved in the Affirmative*

A BILL for the better preserving publick Credit, by ro era. j-y^ reviving, and continuing, the Act, made in the

Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of the late Ring William the 3d (intituled, An Act to restrain the Number, and ill Practices, of Brokers and Stockjobbers) and to preserve the Equivalent, given to the Lord Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of die City of London, was read a Second time,

Resolveed, That the Bill, be committed to Sir Robert Dovers, Lord Wm. P owlet, Mr. Gouljton, Mr. Freeman, Mr. ScobtU, Sir Geo. Newla Mr. Sir Richard

Hoare, Mr. Carter, Mr. Mr. Sharp, Mr.

Gety, Lord Down, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. , Sir

John Mordaunt, Mr. Price, Mr. , Lord Comp-

- tan, Mr. Gere, Sir Wm. Withers, Mr. Gott, Mr. Newland,

Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Trefufa, Mr. Sir

Gilbert Dolben, Mr. Randyll, Mr. Suited, Mr. -bridge, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. pHion, Mr. Blackmore, Mr. Currance, Mr. Captain Burgh, Sir 7ho. TMr. Dun comb. Sir John

Packington, Mr. Earl, Sir John Jm, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Ward; and all the Members, that serve for the City of London, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Standard of Mr. Bracebridgereported From the Committee, to whom Plate. tjje gin for altering the Standard of the Plate, was committed; that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they wereonce read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon th'c Question severally put thereupon (with Amendments to some of the said Amendments) agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, against shipping Bars and Ingots of Silver unmarked.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent melting down foreign Coins, and Plate.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order being read; for receiving the Report from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Lottery, fcc. for railing One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable in Gourse out of a Fund for One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, for Thirty-two Years, with a certain Increase of Principal and Interest, according to several ClaAes, with Addition of Chances; aftd for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and fix laying fevetal new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and certain Duties on Card's and Dice* and a Duty upon the Exportation of Rock Salt from Great Britain to;

during such Terms, and for such Uses, as are therein mentioned; was committed;

A Petition of several ancient Hackney Coachmen, and their poor Widows, on behalf of themselves, and a great Number of others, was offered to the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question.being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then M r. Conyers reported the Amendments, the Committee had made to the said Bill, and directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table 3 where they were once read throughout, and several of them being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the farther Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Scotch whom the Petition of Sir Wm. Douglas, Lieutenant Ge- Equivalent, neral of her Majesty’s Forces, is referred, be taken into Consideration To-mdrrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Dutiei 00 whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the Re- unrated ports of the Auditors of the Imprefts, and others, relating Goo<1*-to the Method of computing the Duties on East India unrated Goods, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House" adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock. ’

Jdvis, 31 0 ditMtiii;

Anno 10* Annas Regime, 1711.

Praters.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Melltr and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

Lovett’s The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Estate. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make Building Leases of Part of the Estate late of ’John Lovett, deceased, lying in the City of Dublin.

Naval Stores The Order of the Day being read, for the House to from Scot- take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Transportation of naval Stores from any Part of North Britain;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

AN ingrafted Bill for the better Preservation and Im- Thames provement of the Fishery within the River of Fishsry. Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fisherthen of the said River, was read the Third time.

Refotved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River.

Ordered, That Mr. Br&cebridge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Randyll reported from the Committee, td whom the Regulating Bill for the better preserving publick Credit by reviving, broken, and continuing, the Act, mode in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third (intituled, An Act to restrain the Number, and ill Praftiees; of Brokers and Stock-jobbers) and to preserve the Equivalent, given to the Lord Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, was committed; that they-

f-itr

liW

1

1

(i

11

1

Prtfcnration of Game,

Conference wuL Lotas.

Expiring

L*H*.

Coal Trade.

Freftnalion i»i Game.

io Ann. it0 Mail.

bad made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do He upon the Table.

Mr. HuUgtrford reported from the Committee, appointed to drew up farther Re atom, to be offered to the Lords, for disagreeing to an Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Act, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Prelenratron of the Game) perpetual, and for making the same more effectual; that they had drawn up Keatons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were twice read, and (with an Amendment) agreed unto by the Haute; and arc ns follow;

The Commons are of opinion, that the Reasons, offered at the former Conferences, have diffidently justified their disagreeing to Clause A, as lent down to them by your Lordships; and they think fit to acquaint your Lorciships, that they doflill disagree to the said Clause, as sent down by your Lordships; because the Provision, thereby made, would be injurious to the Rights and Properties of such Persons, as are intitled to Fuel in Forests or Chaces, or the Purlieus, Precincts, and Limits, thereof, by refiraining them from cutting and earning awny the same at the moll convenient and fcasonable Times of the Year.

Ordered, That the said Reafotis be delivered to the

Lords, at a Continence.

Ordered, That Mr. Chapman do go to the Lords, and desire a Conference with their Lortiships upon the Subject-matter of the lait Conlerence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and reviving, several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the last Clause in the Bui, relating to the passing S< Idiers;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Mcfjage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

A Idler:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dill'-'lve the present, and prevent the future, Combination cf Coal Owners, Lightermen, Mailers of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of tlifc Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the farther Encouragement of the Coal Trade, with li me Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this Hou'e.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chapman reported, that he having (according to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Siibjeft-matter of the last Conference: the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the f ame immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers were called over, and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Hunger ford reported, that they had been at the Conference, and had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to an Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Act, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) perpetual, and for making the same more effectual; and left the Bill, and Amendment, with the Lords,

Vql. 16.

Sir Thomas Haunter reported from the Corntnitter, ap* Representa* pointed to draw up a Representatiort to be made to b*r in’\7ifw- Majesty upon the Reports, and Resolutions of this House* uageinent relating to the Imprest Accomptants, the publick Debts, and Abuses.1 the Arrears of Taxes, the Abuses of the Victualing Office, the bringing over the Palatines, and the Chart ft imposed upon the Corporation ot Btsvdky, in the County of IFore ester, and upon the Debate of the House; thwc they had drawn up a Repreleritation accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And hte read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it ih at the Clerk’s Table; where the fartie was twice read, and is as follows;

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s mc& dutiful and foyd Subjects, the Commons of Orfat Britain, in Parliament atlembled, have with the utmost Zeal and Unanimity applied outdrives to the Dispatch of those great and important Affairs, which your Majesty Was pfeased to recommend to us from the Throne , and we humbly hope, that we have in every rdjxft answered your Majesty’s Expectations in calling this Parliament.

In making suitable Provision for the publick Service, we have met with great Difficulties, from the Anticipation of Funds, and the large Suras, with which the publick Revenues (land charged for long Terms of Years to come: However, we have not been discouraged; but have, with greater Diligence, carried on our Endeavour* to raise such Supplies, as, we trust, will be effectual, not only for the Service of the prefect Year, but also for the Discharge of the heavy Debts, so long and fojuftly complained of i and, as the absolute Necessity of carrying on the War, and our Resolutions to support the publick Credit, and maintain the Honour and Justice ot Parlia-' ment, hare obliged us to increase the Burthen of Taxes upon our Fellow-subjects, so we are perfoaded, that thfe same Reasons will induce them to pay those Taxes with Chearfulness and Satisfaction.

At the same Time we have thought it another Part of our Duty to enquire into the Causes of the heavy Debts we laboured under, and to trace the Source of that great Evil, as what, wc thought, would, in some Degree, satisfy the Minds of your People, and prevent the like Mischief lor the future.

This was a Promise and an Assurance, which we presumed to give your Majesty at the Beginning of this Sese fion; and now, at the Conclusion of it, we beg Leave to lay before your Majesty the Result of our Enquiries, which, we hope, your Majesty will not judge to be unworthy of your royal Consideration.

Ih examining into the State of the War, and looking back from the Beginning of it, we find, that in several. Years the Service has been enlarged, and the Charge of it increased, beyohd the Bounds prescribed, and the annual Supplies granted, by Parliament. To this new and illegal Practice wc mu ft, in great measure, ascribe the Rife and Growth of the heavy Debts* that lie upon the Nation: Nor does the Consequence of it end there: For We must also reptefent it to your Majesty, as a dangerous Invasion of the Rights of Parliament. The Commons must ever assert it as their foie and undoubted Privilege to grant Money, and to adjust and limit the Proportions of it; and, when your Majesty has recommended to them, to consider of Supplies, and they have deliberated upon the several Estimates for the annual Services, and considered, and determined, what tire Nation is able to bear, their Proccedr ings would be very vain and ineffectual, if, aftet the respective Shms are dated, and granted, those, through whose Hands the Disposition of them passes, are allowed, in any measure, to alter and enlarge them.

This is an Attempt, which very little differs from levying Money without Consent of Parliament, as will appear to your Majesty from this one Consideration; That a Charge of that kind, once incurred, and laid as a Debt upon the Navy, or any other publick Office, is so far binding upon Parliament, that, how little soever they

approve

31° Mail.

A. 1711.

Representm-tiou respect-

ing MifmlL-

nagement a*d Abuses*

approve of tht Means, by which it was contracted, yet, those Causes,' Which have brought so great a Weight of the publick Credit being pawned, the Commons cannot, Debts upon the Nation; and we might have made a without the Ruin of that, refuse to provide for it. much greater Progress in our Enquiries, if the Accounts

This also has been an Occasion, why great Sums of un* of the publick Money had been regularly puffed; but, to appropriated Money, arising from the Exceedings and our great Surprize and Concern, we find, that they, who' Surplusages of some of the Funds, granted by Parlia* of late Years have had the Management of your Ma-ment, have not been applied, as they ought to have been, jetty’s Treasury, and ought to have compelled the several in Aid of the Deficiencies of other Funds: Had this just Accomptants duly to pass their respective Accounts, have Care been observed, the Debts of the Nation could not been guilty of so notorious a Breach of Trust, and of so

have increased to so exorbitant an Height: But other Uses were found out, such, as were neither voted, nor addressed for, by Parliament; which, therefore, we ad* judge to have been a Misapplication of publick Money.

With regard to the Debts of the Navy, we find, that one great Discouragement and Burthen, which that Part of the Service has lain under, has been from a Liberty, that has been used, of diverting several Sums issued to that Service, and transferring them to other Purposes, for which they were not intended; particularly, that the Sum of £.606,806. 7 s. yd.belonging to the Navy, has been paid for Provisions supplied to Land Forces, lent to Spain and Portugal, and for the Garison of , for which

no Deductions have been made from the Pay of those Forces, nor any Part of that Sum re-assigned to the Victualing, notwithstanding the several Acts of Parliament provided, and the many Letters, and Representations made, to the Treasury, in that Behalf. This unjustifiable Proceeding has been a Discouragement to the Seamen, occasioned the paying extravagant Rates upon Contracts, and has very much contributed to fink the Credit of the Navy.

Tothiswemuftadd the many notorious Imbezzlements; and foandalous Abuses, which appear to have been practised, as well in the Management of your Majesty’s Brewhouse, as in the Contracts for furnishing the Navy with Beer. We have already presumed to addrels your Majesty, that several Persons, whom we discovered to have been guilty of those Frauds, should be prosecuted at Law for those Offences; and we intirely rely upon your Majesty’s most gracious Assurance, that thofeProfecutions shall be effectually carried on; but we must also (upon this Occasion) beg Leave farther to represent to your Majesty, that the Commissioners, appointed to take care of the victualing your Majesty’s Navy, have been guilty of great Negligence and Remissness in their Duty: For the Instructions, which go along with that Commission, are so well adapted to the preventing those very Abuses, which have been committed, that nothing but a notorious Mismanagement in that Office, and an inexcusable Ne-gleet in pursuing those Instructions, could have given way to the great Loss, the Publick has sustained in that Part of the Service.

The evil Effects of this Mismanagement in publick Offices, and Misapplication of parliamentary Supplies', have been increased by the very Methods of bringing in the publick Money: For it has appeared to us, that the Receivers of the Land Tax, and of the other Revenues, have not been called upon to pay in the Money they had received, in due Time, as the Law requires. Such has been the extreme Remissness, and unaccountable Indulgence, of those, whose Duty it was to oblige these Receivers to due and punctual Payments, that on the 8th Day of December, 1710, there was an Arrear of the several Land Taxes for Five Years, ending the 24th of March, 1709, amounting to the Sum of £.272,596. is. id. some Part of which was paid into the Exchequer, after the Commons had ordered an Enquiry into that Matter; so that the Sum (landing out at the Beginning of April, 1711, was £. 180,439. 7 6

From these Omissions the Publick remains long under the Load of Interest, for want of that Money, which lies in the Hands of Receivers; so that the Supplies granted to your Majesty, however large, or well proportioned to the Occasions of the War, could never prove effectual to prevent the Incumbrance of DebtSj whilst they were neither collected, nor disbursed, faithfully, according to the Ends and Methods designed by Parliament.

Thu* hit have we proceeded in difoovering some of 16

high an lnjustice to the Nation, that of the Moneys granted by Parliament, and issued for the publick Service, to Christmas, 1710, there remains unaccounted for the Sum of £-35,302,107, for a great Part of which no Accounts have so much as been laid before the Auditors; and for the rest, tho’ some Accounts have been brought in, yet they have not been prosecuted by the Accomptants, and finiftied. This has made it impracticable for us to arrive at so exact Knowlege of the State of the Nation, with regard to the publick Money, as we with, and might have expected; and your Majesty will please to consider, in such an immenseSum unaccounted for, how many Imbezzlements may be concealed, and how justlf it is to be suspected, that so foandalous a Remissness has been allowed with no other Design.

We humbly beseech your Majesty, that you will give immediate and effectual Directions, for the compelling the several Imprest Accomptants speedily to pass their Ac -counts; and in the mean time we humbly hope, your Majesty will approve the Resolution of your Commons, that such of the Accomptants, who have neglected their Duty in prosecuting their Accounts, ought no longer to be entrusted with receiving the publick Money.

We cannot omit taking Notice to your Majesty of an-otherextraordinary lnltance, in which the publick Money has been misapplied, by bringing over the poor,

to inhabit and settle themselves in this Kingdom. This was not only an extravagant and an unreasonable Expence in itself, but many other ways uneasy and grievous to your People; for, as it was visible, that such Numbers of ne-cefiito'us and useless Foreigners must unavoidably tend to the Increase and Oppression of the Poor of this Kingdom; so being a Mixture of People of all Religions, it was evident, how dangerous they might prove to the Quiet of our Government, and the Constitution of our established Church. Upon what Encouragement and Invitation they came over, we have not been able to discover; but we look upon it as certain, that the calling over so many Families from' a Country so remote could not be brought about without Industry and Contrivance; and those, who were concerned in it, seemed to have been conscious of the Evil of their own Designs, by the Secrecy, with which they pursued them. Your Majesty, in your great Wisdom, will best recollect, from whence this Attempt and Advice proceeded; and we humbly represent it as our Opinion, that the Authors of it were Enemies to your Majesty, and your Kingdom.

W© beg Leave to offer to your Majesty’s Consideration but one thing more, which has alarmed your People with just Fears; the arbitrary Attempt of new-modelling Corporations, by imposing a Charter upon the Borough of Bewdley; a Charter void, and illegal, not being accepted by the Corporation then in Being; destructive of the Constitution of Parliament, in transferring the Rights of Electors to others; and injurious to your Majesty’s Subjects, in divesting them of their Franchises and Freeholds, even after they had been affirmed by Judgments upon the rigorous Prosecutions of Quo Warrantos.

We return your Majesty our most humble Thanks for putting a Stop to so pernicious a Precedent, by ordering the proper Methods to be taken for repealing the said Charter, and quieting the Borough in the Possession of their ancient Privileges. We are truly sensible of your Majesty’s tender Regard to the Rights of all your People; and we cannot without Indignation reflect upon the oppressive Designs of those evil Counsellors, who endeavoured to have brought a Blemish of this Kind upon your Majesty’s most just and gentle Reign.

From

Lord Cullen’s Lilate.

io Ann. %i9 Maii. 85

From all these evil P raft ices, and worse Designs of (bme Persons, who had, by fallc Professions of Love to their Country, intinuated themselves into your royal Favour, irreparable Mi (chief had accrued to the Publick, bad oot your Majesty, in your great Wisdom, seasonably discovered the Ital Tendency of such Measures; and, out of your singular Geodnels to your People, removed from the Administration of Affairs those, who had (o ill answered the favourable Opinion your Majesty had conceived of them, and in so many Instances grofly abused the great Trust rcpoled in them. Your People could with greater Patience have suffered the manifold Injuries, done to thrmselves by the Frauds and Depredations of such evil Ministers, had not the same Men proceeded to treat your sacred Person with Undutifulness and Dif-regard; but, as the Interests of your Majesty and your People are inseparable, and are by your Majesty and your good Subjects inieparabiy pursued, the Wrongs, which these Men had done to the Publick, drew upon them your royal Displeasure; and their Irreverence towards your Majesty justly exposed them to the Indignation of your People.

Your Majesty had, from the Beginning of your auspi-cious Reign, expreli'cd a true Christian Moderation, by Promises of Lenity and Protection to all your peaceable Subjects, and of Countenance and Favour to those, who should most recommend themselves by their Zeal for the established Government in Church and State; but these Ministers framed to themselves wild and unwarrantable Schemes of balancing Parties, and, under a fallc Pretence of Temper and Modciation, did really encourage Fastion, by discountcn tncing and depressing Persons, zealously affected to your Majesty, and to the Church, and by extending their Favour and Patronage to Men of licentious and impious Principles, such, as (hake the very Foundation of all Government, and all Religion.

Out of our unfeigned Zeal for your Majesty’s Honour and Service, and our faithful Affcdion to the publick Good, we cannot forbear with all Humility and Earned-nets to beseech your Majesty, that you would avoid, as the greatest Enemies to your royal Dignity, and to your People’s Safety, all Persons, who shall endeavour to engage you in such pernicious Measures; and that you would employ in Places of Authority and Trust such only, as have given good Testimonies of their Duty to your Majesty, and o( their Affcdion to the true Interest of your Kingdom.

These are the humble Desires of your faithful Commons, and thcl’e we know to be your Majesty’s gracious Intentions. From your tender Concern for this Church and iN'ation, and from what you lately have done, and are going on to do, for the Happiness and Satisfaction of your People, we promise ourlclves a favourable Acceptance of this our Application; and from our Duty to your Majesty, and our Fidelity to our Trust, your Majesty may confide in us, that wc will, upon all Occasions, defend and support your Majesty, and our happy Constitution, against all Enemies and Oppoiers whatsoever.

Refolded, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Representation, to be made to her Majesty.

ResolveJ, That the said Representation be presented to her Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know her Majesty’s PicaJurc, when (he will be attended by this House.

A MciTige from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Aleder:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Charles Lord Viscount Cullen to fell the Manor and Advowson of the Church of Elmefthorse, in the County of Leicestert for the Payment of his Debts, without Amendment:

Vox.. 16.

Also, the Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Prefcnratio* H ou fe, that their Lord ships do not insist on t heir A mend- 0 ment, made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Act, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty’s Reign (for the better Preservation of the Game) perpetual, and for making the same more effectual:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An South Sea Act for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying the on, Pany-publick Debts, and for erecting a Corporation, for the carrying on a Trade to the South , and for the Encouragement of the Fishery; and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of; and to repeal

the Acts for the registering Seamen; without Amendment:

Acto, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Building Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned, without Amendment:

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Railing the Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1711, altho’ the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resumed the farther j^pply Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for railing One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable in Course out of a Fund for One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, for Thirty-two Years, with a certain I ncrease of Principal and Interest, according to several Classes, with Addition of Chances; and for regulating and liceDfing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for laying several new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and certain Duties on Cards and Dice, and a Duty upon the Exportation of Rock Salt from Great Britain to Ireland, during such Terms, and for such Uses, as are therein mentioned; was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were read a Second time, one by one, as far as 'Clause C; and the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause C being read a Second time, To oblige all Persons, practising as Attorneys, to be sworn;

The said Clause was amended.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree-with the Committee in the said Clause, so amended;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the said Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to excuse from the Duties, Kalendars and Almanacks, in Common-prayer Books, or Bibles.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for appropriating the several Duties granted this Session.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question putthere-upon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the Relief of the Sufferers in the Islands of Nevis and St. Christophers by the Invasion of the French.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

3 L Another

3i* Mail. — i* Junii.

A. ij i

Artother Clsflfe was offered, to b« addedl to the Bill, n the same Woods, or Wood-grounds, or any other Part for feving the ' Rights of the Uni verities to grant Li- " of the said Manor, as rhey shall think proper to."

— ----- 4 Pr. g L, After'* Assigns" insert " Ana it shall and

may be lawful to and for foclr Person and Persons, asr the said Sir George Beaumont, Matthew Johnfoti, Gtofgi' Clark, and Nobll, and1 the Survivors and Sur-

cences to TaVefns.

And thfe same was twice read.

And then the Clause Was; upon the Question put' thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be rriade Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, fot the Relief of Sir John Latiibeft, Baronet, in relation' to Sixty Calks of Spaniel B fa tidies, which by forms Accident are uYider Proof.

And1 the said Clause was once read.

And the Question1 being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It paBed in the-Negative.

Another Clause Was offered, to be added to the Bill, ‘for punlfltfog the' Drivers of Coaches, and punishing Chainhen, for Abuses and Misbehavfour to be coni- milted by them. '

' i 'Add the same was twice read, with Blanks j ami the fethe Wete fflfed up.

And then the Clause was amended, and, upon the

vivor of them, his Executors and Administnttofs, shall' nominate and appoint, or to whom the said Wood and Timber, or any Part thereof, shall be fold and disposed, and their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, to enter into the said Woods, or Wood-grounds, called " Skeffington Woods* or any other Part of the said Ma-14 nor, and to View, measure, cut down, and carry away, " the said Wood and Timber, and to do all other Things, " which shall be requisite for the Purposes aforesaid."

5 Pr. t L. Leave out from " deceased" to " all," irt the 5th Line.

Ordered, That Sir George Beaumont do carry the Bill to the Lords, amd acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Sa»

«r

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the HotrTe, to Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, be made Part of the Bill. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Philip -

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, Esquire, for Payment of his Debts and Incum-

fof regulating the time fof adjusting the Property of brances, arid laying out the Surplus in other Purchases, Tickets irt the last Year's Lottery, and also for confirming an Agreement fot a Partition,

And the Clause was ohee read. Division, and Exchange, of other Part of his Estate iu

Qrdtredi That the' farther Confederation of the said the Counties of Nottingham and Dorset.

Report be adjduthfed till Tb-nhorfdw Morning. And the same were twice read, and, upon the Question

Sttltmarfhe’i

EfltW.

Scotch

Equivalent.

Duties on unrated

Goods.

Oriete&i That the Repdrc from the Committee, to whtnh the Petltfon of Sit ffiih. Lieutenant Ge-

qotal of het Majesty* Forces, is referred, be taken Into Consideratioft To-mottoW Morning.

Ordered, That Hid Repdrt from the Committee* to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the Reports of the Auditors of the Imprefts, and others, relating to the Method of computing the Duties on East India unrated Goods, be taken into Coiiftderatiort Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine a Clock.

till Tomorrow "

Skeffington*

Kttalf.

Ventri's, i* die Junit;

Anno 10° Annte Regina}, tyii.

1?R A Y kRS.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Timber upon the Estate of ThoOtas Skeffington, Esquire, an Infant; for Payment of his Father’s Debts.

And the same were twice read, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

2 Pr. 26 L. After " Speciality" insert " amounting " to about Two thousand Three hundred Pounds."

28 L. Leave out " and his other," and, instead thereof, insert " which;" and, in the famfe Line, leave out " by Bond," and after " and" insert " his Debts by."

3 Pr. 19 L. Leave out from "that" to "Sir," in the 2nd Line, and, instead thereof, insert, " it shall and may " be lawful to and for."

27 L. After " Gentleman" insert " and the SurVivors and Survivor of them" and, in the same Line, leave out " their," and insert " his."

28 1.. Leave out from " Assigns" to " raise," in the 36 Line, and, instead thereof, insert " and they " have hereby full Power and Authority to fell and dii-tl pole of so much of the said Woods, called Skeffington 11 Woods, and such of the Timber, growing in and upon x

severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

ii Pr. L. »8. After "the" insert "said."

L. 31. Leave out " or elsewhere."

1 3Pr. L. 33. After " Body" insert " of."

14 Pr. L. 9. Leave out " any other Wife," and irt-

sett the said Ann Motines

15 Pr. L. 18. Leave out " and herein after."

16 Pr. L. 40. After " Daughters" insert of the " said Thomas Bennett."

17 Pt. L. 24. Leave out from Purpose" to " and, " in the 28th Line.

L. 37. After " Estate" insert ,c which the said Philip Sa/lmarjhiis to have."

L. 39. After " Estate" insert which the said Thomas Bennett is to have in Exchange and after whereas" leave out " by reason thereof, and some Debts contrafted by."

L. 41. Leave out he."

L. 42. Leave out from the first " of" to the," in the first Line of the next Prefe.

18 Pr. L. 9, to Leave out "and to pay such Debts, as they owe."

t9 Pr. L. 14, 15. Leave out " to the said

Guidon and Edward Barker, their Heirs anti Assigns.

L. 18. Leave out from " Agreements" to and, " in the 30th Line, and, instead thereof, insert, that are limited and declared by the said Marriage Settlement of the said Philip Saltmarjhe, and Ann, his ’ Wife, of and concerning the Lands to be purchased in the County of York with the Money, arising by the r Sale of the said Ann's Share of the Premisses in the County of Dorset."

19 Pr. 32. Leave out from " that" to the first

the," in the 37th Line.

20 Pr. L. 27. Leave out from " Assigns" to the first " and, " in the 34th Line.

21 Pr. L. 5. After "meet" leave out "the said " Messuages or Tenement, and Premisses, (ituate in the " said City of York, and."

L. 14. Leave out from " Bennett"

" vided," in the 17th Line.

22. Pr. L. 20. Leave out from " under" to " in the 24th Line.

L. 31. Leave out from " Premifles" " as," in the 33d Line.

to " pro-

file,"

to

In

L.

Standard 1 Plata.

Expiring

L*w*.

Coal Trade.

Duties oa

unrated

Goods.

io Ann. i Jun687

la tWTitle of the Bill, leave out finom u Art," in First Line, to the first " for," in the Fifth Line; and in the same Line, after Agreement," insert " made between " Philip Saltmarjkoand fkomas Esquires:"

6 and 7 Lines: Leave out " of other Part and after " of* leave out " his Estate," and insert " several M Bftates

At the End, after " Dorset," add " and other Purposes therein mentioned."

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrafted Bill for altering the Standard of the Plate, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 3. 1.. 79. to leave out " laid."

And the same wa«, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais; and that the Title be. An Act for altering th<* Standard of the Plate.

Ordered, That Mr. BractbrUge do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Clause in the Bill for reviving and continuing several Arts of Parliament therein mentioned.

And Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pah;

It paled in the Negative.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, os a Ryder, That, when any Soldier shall be discharged out of any of her Majesty’s Regiments of Horse, Foot, or Dragoons, (erring abroad, or in Great Britainthe Officer who signs the Dischatige, shall particularly name tl»e Townsend County, or Hospital, he is to go to, and the Number of Days Pay given him to such Place, not obliging him to navel above Ten Miles a Day; and that hereafter Soldiers, who do not produce their Discharges, or (bund straggli.-g out of the great Road, shall be deemed Vagrants.

Ami the same was thrice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to distblvc the present, and prevent the future, Combination of Coai-owners, Lightermen, Matters of Ships *nd others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, and for the better Encouragement of the Coal Trade.

And the said Amendments were twice read, and, upon the Question Icverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

2 Pr. 36. L. Leave out from aforesaid" to ®* that," in the 42 Line.

3 P. 27. L. Leave out from Cafe" to " any," in the 30th Line.

Ordered, That Mr. Wrightson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the Reports of the Auditors of the Iniprcfts, and others, relating to the Method of computing the Duties on East India unrated Goods.

And the Report, and Resolution of the Committee, were read, and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee have (pursuant to the Order of the House) examined the Matter thereof, and find the same to be as follows; viz.

Peter Garde laid, that upon the Commencement of the Art, of the zd «nd 3d of Queen Anne, which prescribes . Vot. It).

the Method for adjusting the Values of uncated East India Goods, he was then a Clerk to Mr. Carkefs, one of the Computors, or Collectors, in the Custotn-house, London, and now Secretary to the Commissioners.

That in a iliort Time after the passing the said Art, Mr. Carkefs delivered to several Officers, concerned in the inward Receipt, a Scheme to be purlued in the Application of the said Art, exemplified by the Instance of China Wares; which Scheme was imitable in adjusting tho Values of all other unrated East India Goods, Regard being had to the Duties they are respectively charged with. ’

That by the Art 3 id 4" Anna Regina, a Duty was imposed on China Wares, of 12 Cent, and by the Art 3,u et 4" Anna Begin*, a further'Duty of £.5 p& Cent, being laid on that Commodity, for the Two-third Subsidy.

That upon one of the first Entries of China Wares, liable to those new Duties, he privately discovered to Mr. Carke/s, that, notwithstanding the Accefllon of the said new Duties, no Increase was made in the general Amount of the Customs on that Commodity; and he told Mr.‘ Carkefs, that' China Ware upon Exportation drawed back more Money, than it did before the Commencement of those Duties. Mr. Carkefs answered, he believed, he wai mistaken; but, if not, 'twas o.wing to some Fault, or Detert, io the Art.

That a few Days after, having conferred with Mr. Mitchell (one of the Examiners of the Out-perts Cob lertors Accounts) he repeated to Mr. Carkefs his Stifpi-cions, that the aforesaid Scheme was erroneous; and prevailed with Mr. MttcbeU,(who is esteemed a Person very capable in Figures, and in the Business of the Customs) to accompany him to the said Mr. Carkefs $ but what Discourse passed between Mr. Carkefs and Mr. Mitchell, he can’t fey.

That about the same Time the said Mr. Carkefs gave him ftrirt Commands, not to concern himself any furthef in that Affair.

That, upon Mr. Carkefs'$ Removal to another Employment, be was succeeded in his Office, as Computor, or Collector, by one Mr. Charles Mein, with whom he continued for some Time; and that he frequently advertistd Mr. Mein of this Error.

'Fhat, while he was under Mr. Mein, he frequently hinted to him, that the Exemption of those Goods, fold under the Denomination of Wrappers, from paying the Duties, was not justifiable.

That, finding all his Remonstranees to Mr. Carkefs, and Mr. M’», concerning the Error in adjusting the Value of the unrated East India Goods, ineffectual, he sent a Letter (about Two Years Three Quarters since) wrote in an unknown Hand, to the honourable the Commissioners of the Customs; wherein he acquainted the Commissioners with many Absurdities, proceeding from the erroneous Method of computing the Duties on the said unrated Goods; but what Report the Officers, to whom it was referred, made, he cannot lay.

That about Half a Year since he wrote to Mr. Score, Collector of Exeter, in this Affair, and desired him to exert (himself in it for her Majesty’s Service; but Mr. Score, contrary to his Expertation, shewed his Letter to Mr. Carkefs, who he had therein taken Notice of, under the Name of a certain great Man, as an Opposer of this Affair; upon which being informed, that he must expert no Favour from Mr. Carkefs, he relblved to go to Sea.

Richard Score said, that he has been concerned in the Customs about 16 Years, and is now Collector at Pen-zance. '

That in March was Twelve Months (being at Exeter) his Father, the Collector of that Port (who had been an Officer in the Customs about 40 Years) observed to him the erroneous Practice of the Officers in the Port of London, in reducing the Values, and computing the Duties upon unrated Goods, and particularly East India unrated Goods.

That thereupon he told his Father, it appeared very' plainly to be a very great Abuse: That therefore he,

was

Duties on

unrated

Goods.

688 i° Junii.

was of opinion, it ought to be laid before the Publick; and that, in order thereto, he was resolved to use his best Endeavours and Interest.

That his Father transmitted some Papers thereof to Mr. Godolphin, who was pleased to encourage the Prose-

cution of it.

That he came to London in April, 1710, and about the latter End of that Month he, with Mr. Foote (then a Member of Parliament) waited upon Mr. , and

left with him Papers, contained several Instances thereof, one, particularly, of £. 100 China Wares.

That the 8th June, 1710, at the Rose Tavern without Temple-bar, he acquainted Mr. therewith; who

appointed to meet him the next Day, and confer about . it.

That the 9th June, 1710, at the Queen's Arms Tavern in St. Paul's Church-yard, they met accordingly, and Mr. Carkefs brought with him Mr. , Mr. Terrill, and Mr. Andrews, Officers concerned in the Computation; who endeavoured to justify their Practice, telling him, that the Duties payable, and the Duties to be paid, had not the same Meaning, but were different Things.

That this Affair of unrated East India Goods was represented by his Father to Mr. Godolphin in last,

who was pleased to lay it before the Commissioners, being of opinion, that his Father was right in his Observations upon the Practice, and that the Officers Answer was mere Cavil.

That Mr. Towers (one of the Officers concerned) was very angry with him for what Information he had given about the Computation, and for making of it publick.

That, upon his particular Application to Mr. Shute, one of the Commissioners (who happened to be in the Chair at the Time of his Father’s Death) Mr. Shute was pleased to tell him, that the Commissioners took it much amiss, that he had been endeavouring to expose the Praft ice of the Officers in the Business of unrated East India Goods, thereby reflecting upon their Management.

That thereupon he signified to Mr. Shute his Readiness to wait upon the Commissioners; and told him, that, if the Commissioners would be pleased to hear what he had to offer upon that Subject (in the Presence of all the Officers concerned) he would undertake to convince every Gentleman at that Board, that the Officers had been wrong iu their Practice, and that they had milled the Commissioners in a Report, made some time ago to the Trca-lury upon that Occasion; with more to the same Purpose,

In Answer to which,

Mr. Shute, one of the Commissioners, said, that ha had feme Discourse with young Score about the Computation, and was so far from being angry for concerning himself therein, that he recommended him to the other Commissioners, and he was minuted down for Collector at Pool, which is £.30 per Annum better than his present Collection; but he, being all'o an Officer for the Salt Duties, did not think fit to accept of Pool, one Chamberlain (whose Services the Commissioners thought preferable to Score's) uaving been made Collector at Exeter.

That Score, the Father’s, Papers were referred to the principal Officers of the Customs, in order to confer with Score, the Son, who was directed to answer their Objections in Writing; but he doing nothing the rein, the Commissioners took it for granted he couid not; and believes, the Commissioners might take it ill, that Score ta'k’d of the Mistake all about Town, without applying himself to them.

That their Officers marie Application to the Board, to know, what should be done by the Computation, and went to the Attorney General therein.

That he does not luppoie, all Custom-house Officers are Algebraills; but, it they were, the Merchants are not; and thinks, the Merchants ought to be satisfied in the Manner of accounting; for to account out of the common Way, and by Ways unknown, will cause great Clamour amongst the Merchants, and discourage Trade, and also will discourage prompt Payments, and consequently create more Bonds.

1711.

Mr. Mitchell, one of the Examiners of the Customs, said, that about Seven or Eight Years since Mr. Carkefs sent for him, and told him, he heard, that Mitchell had said, the Computation was wrong; and shewed him wherein.

That, according to the now Method used in the Customs, all the present Duties on unrated Goods may be taken off; and that Mr. Godolphin referred old Score's Papers to his Confederation; and he thought. Score was in the right, only in some small Mistakes: This was Seven or Eight Years ago.

That the Drawback on Tobacco in the Out-ports is by way of Interest, but has seen it done in London by way of Deduction.

Mr. Carkefs said, that he did not prepare the Scheme of Computation upon his own Head, buc in Concert with other Officers of the Customs, which was pursued; but he had no Information of any Error on the First Act, nor before what he had from Garde; and believes, he might lay, the Custom-house Officers were of Opinion, Garde was mistaken; and that he was not concerned in the Computation at the Time Garde charges him.

Mr. Tyrrell said, be has been an Officer in the Customs above 23 Years; and that, upon passing the said Act, in the 2d Year of her Majesty’s Reign, Mr. Waterson (who had been a Computor at the Custom-house for 50 Years) and other Officers, confulced Mr. Lozvndes about the Scheme of Computation, now practised; and all were of Opinion, it was right: That afterwards, upon an anonymous Letter, sent to the Commissioners in 1708, representing, that, notwithstanding the new additional Duties of the -jd Subsidy, and 12 per Cent, on China Wares, the Customs were nothing advanced, but a Diminution of the Revenue-upon Exportation, that Matter was referred to the principal Officers of the Customs, who made a Report thereof in Writing to the Commissioners; and on the 3d of,

1708, the Commissioners reported to the Treasury, that the Method and Practice of their Officers, in computing the Duty of Goods paying ad valorem, was agreeable to the Rule of Law, and their ancient Usage; and be never heard, there was any Direction from the Treasury for altering the Method; and believes, no Advice was then taken in the Law upon the Conftroftion of the said Act, the Law being plain, as they apprehended.

And he agrees, that the more Duties are laid, the less will be paid, by reason of the Absurdity of the said Act; for that the Seller may allow what Discount he pleases.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to the Committee, that there has been a very great Loss to the Revenue of the Customs upon unrated East India Goods, and other unrated Goods, by the Method, practised in the Custom-house, in computing the Duties on the said unrated Goods, whereby, when there has been no more than £. 18. 8 s. 9 \d. per Centum received for Duties, there has been allowed for the (ameDuties to the Importer £. 52. 2 j. 6 by which Method it appears, that, notwithstanding an additional Duty of £.12 per Cent, was laid on the said Goods, yet no Ad-

vance was made to the said Revenue by the said Duty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that, by the Method of calculating the Duties upon China Ware, in every £. 18. 8 s. 9^ d. received, there has been loft to the Publick the Sum of £. 11. ror. to

Ordered, That the said Reloiutions be laid before her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House resumed the farther Consideration of the Supply Bill -. Report from the Committee of the wholeHoule, to whom Lottery, ic. the Bills for raising One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for Orders, to be payable in Courseoutof aFund for One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per , for Thirty-two Years, with a certain Increase of Principal

and

Scotch !.inert Manufacture.

Scotch Equivalent.

Scotch Linen Manufacture.

and Interest, according totewal Clatles, with Addition of Chances, and for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for laying several new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and certain Duties on Cards and Dice, and a Duty upon the Exportation of Rock Salt from Great Britain to > during fuel) Terms, and for such Lies, as are therein mentioned, were committed.

And a Clause, which was offered to he added to the Bill yesterday, for enlarging the Time for aeljufting the Property of Tickets in the last Year’s Lottery', was read a Second time, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made rart of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

And the liime was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent clandestine Marriages, without Bans, or Licences, by which the stampt Duties were loll.

The Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It patTcd in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, touching the paying the Charges of the Courts of Exchequer and Justiciary in Scotland.

And the same was twice read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be adtted to the Bill, for paying the Balance of the Accounts of the Money cis in Scott'tnuiout cl the Coinage Duty.

And the same was twice lead, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for preventing running Tobacco from the Isle of Man.

And the same was once read, and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to impower the C* mmissioners of Trade and Plantations to a iminish r an Oath touching the Settlements of Sufferers by the Invasion of the to be at the Wands

of A\-f is and St. Christophers.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were tilled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossld.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller and Mr. Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

’ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Linen Cloths, made in Scotland, and equal sorting of Yarn for the dime, and to prevent the Exportation of Flax of the Growth of Scotland, and all Sorts of Linen Yarn, to foreign Parts, with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mdfengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee* to wdiom the Petition of Sir IVm. Douglas, Lieutenant-General of her Majesty’s Forces, is referred, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of LinenCloth, made in Scotland, and equal sorting of Yarn for the fame, and to prevent the Exportation bfflax of the Growth of all Shits

of Linen Yarn, to foreign Parts, be taken into Confide4 ration Tomorrow Morning;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat i, 2° die Junn\

Anno io* Ann® Regin®,

Prayexs.

MR. Gouljhn reported from the Committee, to whom Clerk’* the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for the Sale of the Manor of Frognall, and other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, the Estate of George Clerk, Esquire, for Payment of Debts, and settling an Estate in the County of Leicester, and City of London, to the same Uses, as the Estate in Kent was settled, and in lieu thereof, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to l he Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee haddireftedhimtore- ' port the Bill to the House, without any Admcndtnent:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brideoake’* fer Sale of Part of the Estate of Richard Brideoake, Estate. F.kjuire, in the County of Oxen, and charging other Part tin ic'>f with Two Annuities, for Payment and Satisfaction of several Incumbrances affecting his whole Estate, and for confirming an Agreement, made between the said Richard Brideoake, and others, claiming Common in Hot knorton Warren, and Hooknorton-layes, in the same County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bracebriige do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the humble Ad- Recompence dress of the House of Commons the last Parliament, the Clerk, which Was as follows; viz. Serjeant at

" Martis, 12* die Aprilis, 1709: nus'

"the Housetaking into Confederation the great Losses,

" which have been, and will for the future be annually " to the Clerk, Serjeant at Arms, Clerk-assistant, and " other Clerks, Officers, and Servants, attending this " House, by reason of the passing the Bill for the general " Naturalization this Session, and in respect to the late Orders, made concerning the passing of private Bills through this House, and otherwise;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be pretented to her Majesty, that Ihe will begraciously pleased to take the said Losses of the Clerk,

" Serjeant at Arms, Clerk-assistant, and other Clerks,

" Officers, and Servants, attending this House, into her " Consideration, and to give them such Recompence and " Encouragement, with respect to their teveral Trusts,

" as Ihc in her royal Wisdom shall think fit

Be humbly renewed to her Majesty; and that the same be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal Part of an Act, made in Trade to the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act America, for Encouragement of the Trade to America, was read the Third time.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until Monday Morning.

8 M An

Cltrk's

Estate.

69O 2" — 4° —

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act For the Sale of the Manor of and other Lands

and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, the Estate of George Clark, Esquire, for Payment of Debts, and settling an Estate in the County of and City of

London, to the same Uses, as the Estate in Kent was settled, and in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Goulfton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

'And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

70 Junii A. 171 r.

her Majesty, that Ihe would be graciously pleased to take the Losses of the Clerk, Serjeant at Arms, Clerk-assistar.t, and other Clerks, Officers, and Servants, attending this House (by reason of the Matters in the said Address mentioned) into her Consideration, and to give them such Recompence and Encouragement, with respect to their several Trusts, as Ihe in her royal Wisdom shall think fit; and that her Majesty was pleased to answer, That flic would do according to the Desire of this House.

Mr. Secretary St. Join also reported to the House, that their Resolutions, of Friday last, had been laid be-, fore her Majesty, relating to the Duties upon unrated East India Goods; and that her Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Luiuc, 4° die Junii;

Anno 10* Annas Reginse, 1711.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; A N ingrossed Bill for establishing a General Poll Of-Lottery, &c. fice for all her Majesty’s Dominion?, and for settling a weekly Payment out of the Revenues thereof, to

raise a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year 1711 *

And the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 44. After " them" to insert " shall Pr. 9. L. # To leave out " ," and insert

" Great Britain

Pr. 10. L. last: After " Aft" to insert " by licensing " Coaches and Chairs

Pr. 21. L. 36. To leave out " First," and insert Eleventh

L. 42. To leave out " aforesaid," and insert " last mentioned,:"

Pr. 22. L. 32. To leave out " said," and insert " last mentioned."

Pr. 24. L. 17. To leave out " First," and insert "tith:"

L. 37. To leave out " hereby granted," and insert " last mentioned

L. 42. To leave out " First," and insert

"nth:"

Pr. 27. L. 39. To leave out " and, " and insert " or

L. 40. After " any" to insert " other:"

Last L. To leave out " the fame," and insert " such other Calendar or Almanack."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for charging certain new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland, and for securing the reby, and by a weekly Fund out of the Post Office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of One hundred Eighty-six thou-firnd Six hundred and Seventy Pounds, for Thirty-two Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders, as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum, not exceeding Two millions, to be raised, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty’s Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Quttn ap- Mr. Secretary St. John reported to the House, that her points to be Majesty having been waited upon, to know when (he attended. would be pleased to be attended by this House, with the Representation of this House; her Majesty had appointed this Evening, at Half an Hour after Seven of the Clock, at her Palace at St. James's.

AntVers to Mr. Secretary St. John also reported to the House, that Addresses,&«. their Address, of Saturday last, had been presented to

Mr. Secretary St. John also reported to the House, that their Resolutions, of the 26th of May last, relating to the Abuses in the Guards, had been laid before her Majesty, and also their Address, relating to the Discharge of Patrick Hurley, and others, from their Service in thd Army,

and their being protected from being pressed again into the said Service; and that her Majesty was pleased to answer, That (he will take care to punish the Persons complained of, and to prevent the like Abuses for the future; and that she will give Orders for the discharging the said Patrick Hurley, and the other Persons mentioned in the said Address (as desired) and protest them from: being pressed again into the Service.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Trade t« ingrossed Bill to repeal Part of an Act, made in the America, Sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Trade to America.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, that the respective Officers, or other Persons, with whom the Bonds, or other Securities, undischarged,.

shall remain, shall certify to the Commissioners of the Customs the Tenor of the Bonds and Securities, and for what they were taken; and that the Commissioners of the Customs do make a Report to the House of Commons thereof the next Session of Parliament.

The Clause was twice read, with Blanks; whick were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. 3. L. 16, to leave out "are hereby discharged, and " made void," and to insert, instead thereof, " shall remain without any Prosecution thereupon, until the " End of the next Session of Parliament."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Trade to America.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmondley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 70 die;

Anno 10* Annas Regie®, 17it.

Pit AYERS.

MR. Speaker reported, that he did, with the House, AniW to on Monday, attend her Majesty, and present to her k*p«fen- Majesty their Representation; and that her Majesty was tflU9a' pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

THIS Representation gives me fresh Assurances of your Zeal for my Service, and for the true Interest of your Country. It contains many Particulars: I will

take

!d’

:$ati

’fat

J

ioAnn.

7* — 96 Junii.

691

take (hem all into my serious Consideration, and give the necessary Directions to redress the Grievances you complain of Be allured, that your Advice upon all Occasions has the greatest Weight with me.

T«k Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to lerve in this present Parliament for the City of York, in the room of the honourable Robert Benfin, Esquire, who, since he was elected for the said City, hath been by her Majesty made Chancellor and Under-treasurer of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 90 Junii;

Anno 10' Annas Regins, 1711.

Thirik Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Bur gel's to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tbvfk, in the County of , in the room of Sit Thomas FBaronet, who, since he

was defied for the hid Borough, hath been by her Majesty appointed to manage the Duties of the Post Office.

State at Befo'ved, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty, that the will be pleated to appoint such Person or Persons, as her Majesty shall think lit, to enquire into the Number, and Quality, of the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in Spainand Portugal, and to examine the State of the Pa) merits, and Accounts, relating to the said Forces, and to the Gurilbns and Fortifications of Gibraltar and Pert Mahon, and all'o the Accounts of the Agent-vic-tualers, and Commiflarics of Stores, in those Parts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Praters.

THE Right honourable Charles Lord Bruce, being Great Bed-defied a Burgess for the Borough of *7® Writ-

in the County of Wilts; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the same County; made his Elefiion to lerve for the Borough of Marlborough.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elefiing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the room of the said Lord Bruce.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Surrey Writ, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elefiing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Surrey, in the room of the honourable Henage Finch, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Master of her Majesty’s Jewel House.

Supply Bill.

Loiur), &c.

Tkmfs

Fishtry.

AfricaTi

Tfw'ic.

Sufferer’’ :n Nevis and St. Chniio* pfcert.

A Mcffhgc from the Lords, by Mr. Orlcbar and Mr. Dcrmer:

Mr. Spciker,

The Louis have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for liccnling and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chaiis, and for charging certain new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Parser, and on Cards and Dtce, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for , and for secur-

ing the reby, and by a weekly Payment out of the Post Office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of One hundred Eighty-six thousand Six hundred and Seventy Pounds, for Thirty-two Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders, as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum, not exceeding Two millions, to be raised, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty’s Occasions, without Amendment:

All'o, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Pret'ervation and Improvement of the Fithcry within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, without Amendment.

And then die Messengers withdrew.

Refolded, That an humble Address be made to her Majesty, that fhc will be pleased to take such Measures, as her Majesty shall judge to be most proper, for supporting the Settlements in /ijrica, and preserving the African Trade, til! some other Provision be made by Parliament t r the same; and that her Majesty will take into Consideration the Nature of that Trade, and how it may be bc-il carried on for the Service of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to her Majesty by such Members of this House as are of her Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Re/o!ved, That an humble Address be made to her Majesty, that an Account be laid before this House, the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, of the Distribution intended to be made of the Debentures, directed to be delivered by the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, for Relief of the Sufferers in the lllands of Nevis and St. Ghrif.cphers, and of Re-settlements made there by the said Sufferers,

Vol. Hi.

Ordered, That a Meflaee be sent to the Lords, to put Jattices a them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better P«"e. Q°* qualifying Justices of the Peace in that Part of Great cauon* Britain called England, and the Principality of

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmondley do carry the said Message.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Scotch That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, Linen Mann-intituled, An Act for the betterascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Linen Cloth, made in , and equal

sorting of Yarn for the fame, and to prevent the Exportation of Flax of the Growth of Scotland, and all Sorts of Linen Yarn, to foreign Parts, be now read j

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdlm for he Yeas, . }

Telle., for the No} 75

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Somerfo Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, elefiing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Somerset, in the room of Sir Wm. Wyndham. Baronet, who, since his Elefiion for the said County, bath accepted the Office of Master of her Majesty’s Hart and Buck Hounds.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this cockeer-House upon Tuesday Morning, to give an Account, mouth

whether there is any Return made for the Borough of Return. Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, since the last Writ issued for a new Elefiion there.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Nine a Clock.

693 13°

Mortis, 1 dit Jtmii;

Anno 10* Aims Regius, 1711.

PftAYXJLS.

Cockenbonth r I > H E Clerk of the Crown attended (according to eturu. Order) and acquainted the House, that there is yet

no Return come in for the Borough of Cocker mouth, in the County of Cumberland.

Droitwich Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do jffue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcejltr, in the Room of Edward Jeffryes, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of her Majesty’s Justices for the Counties of Pembrook, Carmarthen, and Cardigan, within the Principality of Walts.

llcester Writ Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ekfting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of llcester, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Edward Phe Esquire, who,. since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of her Majesty’s Mint.

Hertford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ the Cleric of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hertford, in the county of ,

in the room of Charles Esquire, who, since his

Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of her Majesty’s Nary.

Glamorgan Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a hew Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Glamorgan, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Thomas Manfell, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of her Majesty’s Houshold.

Droitwich Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, in the room of Edward Foley, Esquire, who, since his E led ion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Receiver of the Duties upon Hides and Skins.

Radnor Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Harley, Esquire, now Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, called up to the House of Peers.

New-town Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

electing a Burgefc to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New-town, in the County of , in the room of John Ward, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Justices of the Counties of Chester, and Flint, Denbigh, and Montgomery, within the Principality of Wales, and is made one of her Majesty’s Counsel learned in the Law.

Answer to Mr. Secretary St. John reported to the House, that their Addr«C'ei. Addrefe, of the 7th Instant, having been presented to her Majesty, That Ihe would be pleased to give Directions for the fending such Person or Persons, as her Majesty shall think fit, to enquire into the Number, and Quality, of the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in Spain and Portugal, and to examine the State of the Payments, and Accounts, relating to the said Forces, and to the Garisons and Fortifications of Gibraltar and Port , and also the *9

Junii. . 1711-

Accounts of the Agent-victualers, and Commissaries of Stores, in those Parts; her Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that her Directions were given accordingly.

Mr. Secretary St. John also reported to the House, that their Address, of the same Day, having been presented to her Majesty, That (he would be pleased to take such Measures, as should appear to her Majesty to be moil proper, for supporting the Settlement in Af ica, and preserving the African Trade, till some other Provision be made by Parliament for the fame; and that her Majesty would take into Consideration the Nature of that Trade, and how it may be best carried on for the Service of the Kingdom; her Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that proper Care shall be taken according to the Desire of this House.

Mr. Secretary St. John also reported to the House, that their Add rest, of the same Day, having been presented to her Majesty, That an Account be laid before this House, the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, of the Distribution intended to be made of the Debentures, di-retfted to be delivered by the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, for the Relief of the Sufferers in the Islands of Nevis and St. Christopbers, and of the Re-settlements made there by the fetid Sufferers; her Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that an Account shall be prepared (according to the Desire of this House! to be laid before them the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to TotneMVrit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the dotting a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon, in the room of Francis Gwyn, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of onfe of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meller arid Mr.

Orlebar:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tradete for the Encouragement of the Trade to America, without America. Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire, Mefiige t* that they will direct the Painted Chamber, the Lobby, and the Passage to the House of Peers, to be cleared

from any Crowd, when this House shall come up thither by her Majesty’s Commands, to attend her Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Dolben do carry the said Message.

Sir Gilbert Dolben reported, that he had (according to Order) been at the Lords; and that the Lords return Answer, that they had given Direction for the clearing the Painted Chamber, Lobby, and Pafi'age, according to the Desire of this House.

A Message from her Majesty, by Sir Wm. Oldes, Royal Aflat Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The Queen commands this honourable House to attend her immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, Went up to attend her Majesty in the House of Peers; where her Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills.

After which, her Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And afterwards the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, by her Majesty’s Command, laid.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is her Majesty’s royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament Parliament should be prorogued until Tuesday, the Tenth Prorogue Day of July next» and this Parliament is prorogued accordingly until Tuesday, the Tenth Day of July next.

io Ann.

io° Julii. — ai* August. — 9* OBobris. 693

Martisy 10* Julii;

Anno 10° Annae Reginae, 1711.

[Parliament further prorogued.]

Mr Speaker being in the Country, and several Members of the House being met;

A Message was broughi from the Lords by Mr. Davit, Deputy Gentleman L'lher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the Members present (with the Clerk) went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until the Onc-and-twentieth Day of next; and the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until Tuesday, the Ono-and-twentieth Day of August next.

Mart is, 21* die August \

---

Anno 10° Annae Reginae, 1711.

[Parliament further prorogued.]

Mr Speaker being in the Country, and several Members of the House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir Wm. Oldes, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the Members present (with the Clerk) went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until the Ninth Day of October next; and the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until Tuesday, the Ninth Day of October next.

Martis, 9° die Octobris;

Anno 10° Annae Reginae, 1711.

[Parliament further prorogued.]

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir Wm. Oldes, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of her Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tueday, the Thirteenth Day of November next; and the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until Tuesday, the Thirteenth of November next.

