JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From August the 10th, 1790,

In the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

December the 20th, 1791,

In the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 46.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION,

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the Calling of another.

GEORGE R.

---

WHEREAS We have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now stands prorogued to Tuesday the Third Day of August next: We do, for that End, publish this Our Royal Proclamation; and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are discharged from their Meeting and Attendance on Tuesday the said Third Day of August next. And We being desirous and resolved, as soon as may be, to meet Qurpeople, hod to have thjjr Advice in Parliament, do hereby make known, to all Our loving Subjects, Our Royal Will and Pleasure to call a New Parliament: And do hereby further declare, That, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, We have, this Day, given Order to Our Chancellor of Great Britain to issue out Writs, in due Form, for calling a New Parliament; which Writs are to bear Teste on Saturday the Twelfth Day of this Instant June, and to be returnable on Tuesday the Tenth Day of August following.

Given at Our Court at James's, the Eleventh Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety^ in the Thirtieth Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Mart is, 10* die;

Anno 30° Georgii III. U Regis, 1790.

prorogued. HE King’s Most Excellent Majesty having,

H by His Royal Proclamation (hereunto an- nexed) dated the 11th Day of June i/9°* — * — dissolved the last Parliament, and by His Writ of Summons, issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Teste at ,on Saturday

the 12th Day of the same Month, and returnable on this Day, called a new Parliament, several Members appeared: And His Majesty having been pleased, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by an Order of Council, dated the 30th Day of July last, to declare that the said Parliament should be this Day prorogued by Writ, the said Members went directly, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the Door of the House of Peers; and, after a short Stay there, the Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod opening the Door, they, with the Clerk, went up to the Bar of the House: And they being the re, the Lord Chancellor standing up uncovered, declared that there was a Writ issued under the Great Seal for proroguing the Parliament.

Which Writ lying on the Table, his Lordship directed the Clerk to read: And the same was read accordingly, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the 12th Day of October next ensuing; as followed; viz.

GEORGE R.

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth. To Our well-beloved and

faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers, of Our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to Our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of Our said Kingdom, called and chosen to Our Parliament, to be begun and held at Our City of Westminster, on the Tenth Day of August next ensuing, and to every of you, Greeting. Whereas We, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs concerning Us, the State and Defence of Our Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, did ordain the said Parliament to be held at the Day and Place aforesaid; and did command you, by Our several Writs, to be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and conclude, about those Things, which, in Our said Parliament, then and there should be proposed and treated of: Nevertheless, for certain Causes and Considerations, Us at this Time especially moving, We have thought fit that Our said Parliament be prorogued unto Tuesday the Twelfth Day of October next ensuing; so that neither you, nor auy of you, should be held or obliged to appear on the said Tenth Day of August, at the aforesaid City: We also will, that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged, as to Us, therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern, That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said Twelfth Day of October, at Our said City of Westminster, to treat, do, act, and conclude, upon those Things which, in Our said Parliament, by the Common Council of Our said Kingdom (by God’s Assistance) shall happen to be ordained. Witness Ourself at Westminster, the Thirtieth Day of July, in the Thirtieth Year of Our Reign.

By the KING Himself.

Signed with His own Hand.

Yorke.

Vol. 46.

V

Parliament

prorogued.

4 ITOctobris. A. 1T90.

Marti*, 12* Octobris;

Anno 30* Georgii III*B Regis, 1790.

SEVERAL Members this Day appeared; and His Majesty having been pleased, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by an Order of Council, dated the 1st Day of this Instant October, to declare, That the Parliament should be this Day again prorogued by Writ, the said Members went directly, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the Door of the House of Peers; and, after a short Stay there, the Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod opening the Door, they, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the Bar of the House: And they being the re, the Duke of Leeds standing up uncovered, declared that there was a Writ issued under the Great Seal for further proroguing the Parliament unto Thursday the Twenty-fifth Day of November next ensuing; which Writ is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth. To Our well-beloved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers, of Our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to Our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of Our said Kingdom, called and chosen to Our Parliament, to be begun and held at Our City of Westminster, on the Twelfth Day of this Instant October, and to every of you, Greeting. Whereas We, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs, concerning Us, the State and Defence of Our Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, did ordain the said Parliament to be begun and held at the City of Westminster, the Tenth Day of August last past; and did command you, by Our several Writs, to be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and

conclude, about those Things, which, in Our said Parliament, then and there should be proposed and treated of: And whereas We have (by Our Writ) for certain Causes and Considerations, Us thereunto especially moving, thought fit to prorogue Our said Parliament from the same Tenth Day of to

and until the Twelfth Day of October following; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear on the said Tenth Day of August, at the aforesaid City, being willing that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged as to Us, therefrom; and, by the same Writ, We very lately commanded you, and every of you, to appear, and be present, on the said Twelfth Day of October, at Our said City, to treat, do, act, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in Our said Parliament, should happen to be ordained: Nevertheless, for certain pressing Causes and Considerations, Us especially thereunto moving, Our said Parliament, from the said Twelfth Day of October, to and until Thursday the Twenty-fifth Day of November following, We have thought fit further to prorogue; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear on the said Twelfth Day of,

at the aforesaid City: We also will that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged, as to Us, therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern, That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said Twenty-fifth Day of November, at Our said City of Westminster, to treat, do, act, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in Our said Parliament, by the Common Council of Our said Kingdom (by God’s Assistance) shall happen to be ordained. Witness Ourself at Westminster, the First Day of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, and in the Thirtieth Year of Our Reign.

By the KING Himself.

Signed with His own Hand.

\ v

v Yorks.

r. <.

BI

By the KING.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS Our Parliament stands prorogued to Thursday the Twenty-fifth day of November next: We, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare Our Royal Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Twenty-fifth Day of November next, be held and sit for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important

Affairs. And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly at Westminster, on the said Twenty-fifth Day of November' next.

Given at Our Court at Saint James's, the Thirteenth Day of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, in the Thirtieth Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

tOHNFrederick Duke of Dorset,. Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Household, Knight of the most Noble Lord J Order of the Garter, and One of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council; To all to whom these Steward’s Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye. That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord DePutatl0H-Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden, Knight, Master of the Rolls; the Right honourable William Pitt, Chancellor of the Exchequer; the Right honourable Henry Addington; 4he Right honourable the Earl of Courtown, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Treasurer of His Majesty’s Household; the Right honourable Dudley Ryder, Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household; the Right honourable the Lord Herbert, Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Household; the Right honourable Charles James Fox; the Right Honourable Lord Frederick Campbell; the Right honourable Henry Dundas; the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook; the Right honourable Edmund Burke; the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Beauchamp; the Right honourable the Lord Auckland, in the Kingdom of Ireland; the Right honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, and Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath; the Right honourable John Charles Villiers; the Right honourable Charles Townshend; Sir Archibald Macdonald, Knight, His Majesty’s Attorney General; Sir Knight,

His Majesty's Solicitor General; Sir John Thorold, Sir William Dolben, Sir John Sinclair, Baronets; Brook Watson, George Rose, Henry Duncombe, JohnHarrison, John Call, Charles Henry Hans Sloane,

William Adam, Gibbs Crawfurd, Thomas Steele, William Hussey, Francis Esquires; Sir John Wodehouse,

Sir James Penny man. Baronets; Edmund Wigley, Richard G union. Esquires; Sir Baronet; John

Blackburne, Thomas Stanley, Edward Philips, Esquires; the Honourable Henry Hobart; Reginald Pole

John Rolle, John Scott, Robert Vyner, Esquires; Sir William Young, Baronet; Bomber Gascoyne, Thomas Berney

Bramston, Esquires; Sir Robert Laxvley, Sir Archibald Edmons Sir Eduard Littleton, Baronets; George

Jackson, William Plumer, William Mainwaring, William Drake, Junior, Esquires; Sir Charles Gould, the

Honourable James Murray, John Robinson, George Nugent, George Murray, Thomas Coxhead, Esquires; Sir

Benjamin Hammet; Charles Gould, John Stanley, Jbhn Graves Simcoe, Mark Pringle,'Alexander

Holden Strutt, Esquires; the Right honourable Thomas Orde; Beilby Thompson, Alexander Callendar, James

Watson, Robert Barclay, Norman MeLend, James Martin Lloyd, Timothy Shelley, John Harcourt, Esquires; the

Right honourable the Earl of Verney, in the Kingdom of Ireland; John Pitt, Alexander Stewart, Henry Bankes,

Esquires; Sir John Honywood, Baronet; George Templor, Joshua Smith, John Heathcote, Esquires; the Honour-

able Thomas Bruce; Henry Berkley Port man, David Scott, Richard Glover, Charles Long, Winchcombe Henry Hartley, Robert Mackreth, Esquires; Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet; John Anstruther, John Bullock, Charles Callis Western, Charles Boone, Hugh Barlow, Esquires; Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet; Thomas Kempe, Esquire; Sir John Ingilby, Baronet; Richard Muilman Trench Chimell, John Cat or, John Baynes Garforth, Henry Drummond,

Richard Hopkins, Alan Gardner, Henry Martin, John Aldridge, Esquires; Sir Harry Goring, Baronet; John Clevland, Esquire; Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet; the Right honourable Lord Viscount Fielding; Lawrence Dundas, Rowland Burdon, Philip Stephens, Lewis Grant, Esquires; Sir James Grant, Baronet; Joseph Jekyll,

William Drake, Senior; the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley; John Sargent, John Hunter, Ambrose Goddard, Robert John Buxton, Stephen Lushington, Esquires; and Sir George Douglas, Baronet, or any Six, Five,

Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled " An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes " concerning the assembling and sitting of this present Parliament," according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons w ho is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess,

Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament, appointed to

meet the Twenty-fifth Day of November Instant; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said

Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any

of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to

tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of

" Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to sit

" or vote as Members of the House of Commons;" according to the Directions of another Statute, made in

the Sixteenth Year of His late Majesty’s Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or

Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not be present

t the Meeting of Election; and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving

them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute

and perform the Matters hereinbefore mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies

or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had

personally been present, and done the same. In Testimony whereof I have. hereunto set my Hand and Seal,

this Twenty-fifth Day of November, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the

Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and IKing, Defender of the Faith, 8$c. Annoquc

Domini 1790.

Dorset. (L.S.)

Vol. 46. C

Parliament

meets.

Message to attend His Majesty.

Lord

Chancellors

Speech.

Parliamentum, inceptum et tentum apud civitatem Westmonasteri-ensem, die Jovis, 25° die Novembris, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii Tertii, Dei gratia, Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, et Hibernian, Regis, Fidei Defensoris, &c. 31°; Annoque Domini 1790.

ON which Day, being the first Day of the Meeting of this Parliament for the Dispatch of Business, pursuant to a Proclamation hereunto annexed, and also to the Writs which had issued for that Purpose, the most Noble John Frederick Duke of Dorset, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Household, came, about Twelve of the Clock, into one of the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, where the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament are usually administered; and John Hat sell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Ley, Clerk Assistant, and the other Clerks, attending according to their Duty; and the honourable John Yor Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having delivered to the said Mr. Hatsell a Book, containing a List of the Names of such Members as had been returned to serve in this Parliament, the Lord Steward did himself, in Person, administer the Oaths appointed to several of the Members who appeared, and afterwards made a Commission or Deputation under his Hand and Seal (hereunto also annexed) impowering several of the Members who had before been sworn to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned; some of which Commissioners administered the same accordingly to such other Members as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

After which, a Message was delivered by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen,

The King commands this ^Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly the House went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers; where the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, by His Majesty’s Directions said,

such Person, who shall be so chosen, to His Majesty here, for His Royal Approbation, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock.

And the House being returned;

The Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden, Mr. Adding-Knight, Master of the Rolls, and One of the Barons ton chosen for the Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex, ad- s!,easter-dressing himself to the Clerk (who, standing up, pointed to him, and then sat down) proposed to the House for their Speaker the Right honourable Henry Addington; in which Motion he was seconded by Edward Phelips,

Esquire, One of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Somerset.

The House then calling Mr. Addington to the Chair, he stood up in his Place, and expressed the Sense he had of the Honour proposed to be conferred upon him, and submitted himself to the House.

The House then again unanimously calling Mr.

Addington to the Chair, he was taken out of his Place by the said Master of the Rolls and Mr. Phelips, and conducted by them to the-Chair; where, standing on the upper Step, he returned his humble Acknowledgments to the House for the great Honour they had been pleased to confer upon him, by unanimously choosing him to be again their Speaker.

And thereupon he sat down in the Chair; and then the Mace (which before'lay under the Table) was laid upon the Table.

Then the Right honourable James Earl of Courtown, in the Kingdom of Ireland, One of the Burgesses for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and Treasurer of His Majesty’s Household, having congratulated Mr. Speaker elect, moved That the House would adjourn tilL Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

His Majesty has been pleased to command me to acquaint you, That He will defer declaring the Causes of calling this Parliament, till there shall be a Speaker of the House of Commons: And therefore it is His Majesty’s Pleasure, that you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, do immediately repair to the Place where flic Commons usually sit, and there choose a fit. Person to be your Speaker; and that you present

31 Geo. III.

26" — 27° — 29° — 30° Novembris.

Veneris, 26* die Novembris;

Anno 31* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1790.

Mr. Speaker rTPHE House being met, and Mr. Speaker elect approved of X having taken the Chair;

by the King. Message was brought from His Majesty by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where Mr. Speaker elect was presented to His Majesty for His Royal Approbation: And,

Then the Lord High Chancellor of Great,

after receiving Directions from His Majesty, signified His Majesty’s Approbation of Mr. Speaker elect.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had been in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty had been pleased to approve of the Choice the House had made of him to be their Speaker; and that he had, in their Name, and on their Behalf, by humble Petition to His Majesty, laid Claim to all their ancient Rights and Privileges, particularly that their Persons, their Estates, and Servants might be free from Arrests, and all Molestations; that they may enjoy Liberty of Speech in all their Debates; may have Access to His Majesty's Royal Person whenever Occasion shall require; and that all their Proceedings may receive from His Majesty the most favourable Construction; which, he said, His Majesty had confirmed to them in as full and . ample Manner as they have been heretofore granted or allowed by His Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors.

And then Mr. Speaker repeated his most respectful Acknowledgments to the House for the Honour they had done him.

Mr. Speaker Mr. Speaker then put the House in Mind, that the takes Oaths, first Thing to be done, w as to take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and subscribe the Oaths of Abjuration and Qualification, by Law required.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker, first alone, standing upon the upper Sit p of the Chair, took the said first-mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration, and also delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification.

And, after him, several other Members took the said first-mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 27* die Novembris;

Anno 31* Georgii III'" Regis, 1790.

Prayers*

SEVERAL other Members present took the Members Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, uke 0tlt g‘ and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes, and such- of the said Members as are by Law required to' deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,*

Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 29° die Novembris;

Anno 31* Georgii III*U Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Member* Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, take Oaths, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Members take Oaths.

Martis, 30° die Novembris;

Anno 31* Georgii IlItU Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Member* Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, take Oaths, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawry Outlawries, was read the First Time. Bill react

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion Grand Com-

do sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. mittees appointed.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of -Justice do sit every Saturday in foe Afternoon, in foe House.

Vo l. 46.

Committee of Privileges appointed.

Other usual Orders made.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Steele, The Master of the Rolls, Mr. For, Mr. Grey, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Bramston, General Burgoyne, Mr. Dundas, Sir Adam Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Tawnshen Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Smith, Sir George Howard, Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Buller, the Lord Eardley, Mr. Burke, Mr. Coke, Sir Elijah Impey, Mr. Call, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Comptroller of the Household, Mr. Alderman Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Templer, Lord George Cavendish, Mr.

Mr. Powys, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir John Jervis, the Lord

Palmerston, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Alderman Watson, the Lord Belgrave, Mr. Long, Mr. Sulivati, Mr. Heathcote, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Loveden; and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time <he Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it' shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this Housfc, or any Committee thereof, this House will

proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lists, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lists, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is sitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is sit-

t5J»g-

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do see the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or

other

other Disorders, in the Rodm appbinted for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Post Master General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members sending for the same.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the same; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void. '

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the same.

IIembers Then several other Members present took the Oaths,

take Oaths. and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of their Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Mr. Speaker Mr. Speaker Reported to the House, That when the reports the House did attend His Majesty, upon^ Friday last, in the House of Peers, His Majesty was pleased to make

peec " a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both

Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is a great Satisfaction to Me to inform you, that

the Differences which had arisen between Me and the Court of Spain have happily been brought to an amicable Termination.

I have ordered Copies of the Declarations exchanged Vo l.46.

between My Ambassador and the Minister of the Catholic King, and of the Convention which has since been concluded, to be laid before you.

The Objects which I have proposed to Myself in the Whole of this Transaction, have been to obtain a suitable Reparation for the Act of Violence committed at Nootka, and to remove the Grounds of similar Disputes in future; as well as to secure to My Subjects the Exercise of their Navigation, Commerce, and Fisheries, in those Parts of the World which were the Subject of Discussion.

The Zeal and Public Spirit manifested by all Ranks of My Subjects, and the Disposition and Conduct of My Allies, had left Me no Room to doubt of the most vigorous and effectual Support; but no Event could have afforded Me so much Satisfaction, as the Attainment of the Objects which I had in View-, without any actual Interruption of the Blessings of Peace.

Since the last Session of Parliament, a Foundation has been laid for a Pacification between Austria and The Porte, and I am now employing My Mediation, in Conjunction with My Allies, for the Purpose of negotiating a Definitive Treaty between those Powers, and of endeavouring to put an End to the Dissentions lit the Netherlands, in whose Situation I am necessarily concerned, from Considerations of National Interest, as well as from the Engagements of Treaties.

A separate Peace has taken Place between Russia and Sweden, but the War between the former of those Powers and The Porte still continues. The Principles on which I have hitherto acted will make Me always desirous of employing the Weight and Influence of this Country in contributing to the Restoration of general Tranquillity.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Accounts of the Expences of the late Armaments, and the Estimates for the ensuing Year, to be laid before you.

Painful as it is to Me at all Times to see any Increase of the Public Burthens, I am persuaded you will agree with Me in thinking that the Extent of Our Preparations was dictated by a due Regard to the existing Circumstances, and that you will reflect with Pleasure on so striking a Proof of the Advantages derived from the liberal Supplies granted since the last Peace for the Naval Service. I rely on your Zeal and public Spirit to make due Provision for defraying the Charges incurred by this Armament, and for supporting the several Branches of the Public Service on such a Footing as the general Situation of Affairs may appear to require. You will at the same Time, I am persuaded, shew your Determination invariably to persevere in that System which has so effectually confirmed and maintained the Public Credit of the Nation.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

You will have observed with Concern the Interruption which has taken Place in the Tranquillity of Our Indian Possessions, in consequence of the unprovoked Attack on an Ally of the British Nation. The respectable State however of the Forces under the Direction of the Government there, and the Confidence in the British Name, which the System prescribed by Parliament has established among the Native Powers in India, afford the most favourable Prospect of bringing the Contest to a speedy and successful Conclusion.

I think it necessary particularly to call your At-, tention to the State of the Province of Quebec, and

to recommend it to you to consider of such Regulations for its Government as the present Circumstances and Condition of the Province may appear to require.

D I am

Resolution for Address on King’s Speech.

10 30° JVovembris,-

I am satisfied that I shall on every Occasion receive Jthe fullest Proofs of your jealous and affectionate Attachment, which cannot but afford Me peculiar Satisfaction after so recent an Opportunity of collecting the Immediate Sense of My People.

You may b,e assured that I desire pothing so much on My Part as to cultivate an entire Harmony and Confidence. between Me and My Parliament, for the Purpose of preserving and transmitting to Posterity the invaluable Blessings of Our free and excellent Constitution, and of concurring with yon in every Measure which can maintain the Advantages of Our present Situation, and promote and augment the Prosperity and Happiness of My faithful Subjects.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicen That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty our humble and hearty Thanks for His most pracious Speech from the Throne:

To condole with H>s Majesty on the Loss which His Majesty has sustained by the untimely Death of His Jtoyal Brother the late Duke of Cumberland:

To express our sincere Satisfaction, that the Diffprences which had arisen between His Majesty and the Court of Sppiij have happily been brought to an amicable Termination; and pur Gratitude for IJis Majesty’s Goodness, in having ordered Copies of thp ^Declaration exchanged between His Majesty’s Ambassador and the Minister of the Catholic King, and of the ponvention which has since been concluded, to be laid before us:

That nothing can more evince His Majesty’s Mpde-fation, Wisdom, and Justice, than His having proposed to Himself, as His Objects in the Whole of this Transaction, to obtain a suitable Reparation for the Act of Violence committed at Nootka, and to remove the Grounds of similar Disputes in future, as well as to secure to His Subjects the Exercise of their Navigation, Commerce, and Fisheries, in those Parts of the World, which were the Subject of Discussion:

That it gives us the greatest Pleasure to be informed, that- the Disposition and Conduct of His Majesty’s Allies concurred with the Zeal and Public Spirit so naturally manifested by all Ranks of His Subjects, in ensuring to His Majesty the most vigorous and effectual Support; but that we are, at the same Time, fully sensible that no Event could have been so satisfactory as the Attainment of the Objects which His Majesty had in View, without any actual Interruption of the blessings of Peace:

That we are happy to learn, that a Foundation has been laid for a Pacification between Austria and The Porte, and that His Majesty has employed His Mediation, in Conjunction with His Allies, for the Purpose of negpciating a Definitive Treaty between those Powers, and of endeavouring to put an End to the Dissentions in the Netherlands', and that we shall at all Times rejoice in seeing the Weight and Influence of this Country directed to the wise and benevolent Object of contributing to the Restoration of general Tranquillity:

To assure His that His faithful Commons

are. deeply sensible of His Majesty’s paternal Goodness to His People, which leads His Majesty to regret any Occasion of increasing the public Burthens — That we are fully awarp of the Policy and Prudence of vigorous Preparations under the Circumstances which lately existed, and that we cannot but reflect with great Satisfaction on the striking Proof which has been given of the Advantages derived from the liberal Supplies granted since the last Peace for the Nayal Service:

That we shall readily make due Provision for defraying the Expences of the late Armament, and for supporting the several Branches of the Public Service, on such a Footing as the general Situation of Affairs may appear to require; and that we shall at the samp

Decembris. A* IT 90-

Time he peculiarly desirous of shew ing, jp the strongest Manner, our Petprminatioa invariably to persevere in that System which has so effectually confirmed and maintained the Public Credit of the Nation:

That wp havp observed with Concern the Interruption which has taken Place in the Tranquillity of our Indian Possessions; but that it affords us great Satisfaction to be informed that His Majesty sees gp favourable a Prospect of bringing the Contest tp a speedy and successful Conclusion:

That we shall not fail to direct pur particular Attention to the State of the Province of Quebec, and that wp shall carefully consider of such Regulations for its Government as the present Circumstances and Condition of the Province may render expedient:

That we should not faithfully represent file Sentiments of a loyal and grateful People, if wp were not to seek every Opportunity of affording His Majesty the most convincing Proof of our zealous and affectionate Attachment. — That if any Consideration cpuld increase the Warmth of those Sentiments, it would bp derived from His Majesty’s Gracious Declaration of IIjs Desire to cultivate an entire Harmony and Confidence w'ith His Parliament, for Purposes which must endear still more His Majesty’s Name to the present Age and to Posterity, as long as there remains a due Sense of the invaluable Blessings of pur free and excellent Constitution, and of the numerous and increasing Advantages which His Subjects enjoy under His Majesty’s mild and auspicious Government.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

ing, Mr. Pole Caretc, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henry Dundas, Colonel Phipps, Mr. Secre-. tary at War, Mr. Comptroller of the Household, Lord Frederick Campbell, the Lord the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, the Earl of Court town, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Rose, Captain Berkeley, Mr. Steele, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Young, Mr. Henry

Hobart, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Minchin, kins, Sir George Howard, Mr, Beaufoy, Mr.

force; or any Five of them: And tlwy are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 14th Day of December next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1* die Decembris;

Anno 31° Georgii III*U Regis, 1790.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "1 An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads in the County of Cardigan," and also of several other. Gentlemen, CleFgy, and Freeholders, of the said County, who have advanced Money on the Credit of tW said Act, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed,

Committee appoinetd to draw it up.

King’s

Speech

referred.

House to b# (failed over.

Cardigan

Hoads

Petition.

31 Geo. IIL 1® Decembrist 11'

subscribed, was presented lo the House, and read; Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Paperi,

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in and Reoords. the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a

considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls The House being informed that sotrte of the Com- Accounts authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they presented — still remains due, and canriot be paid off, and the said were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Roads effectually repaired and widened; unless the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Term of the said Act is enlarged, and some further Parliament,

and.other Powers granted for those Purposes; and Re- N® l. An Account of prohibited East India Goods Prohibited presenting to the House, That the several other Roads imported into Saint Helms and private Trade Ware- East India in the said County, herein after particularly described, houses, in the Port of , from Michaelmas 1789 ®°°ds'

which are not comprized in the said Act, that is to to Michaelmas 1790, what delivered out for F.xpor-say, the Road leading from the Sea Port or Creek of tation during that Period, and what remained in the Aberporth, in the said County, to Henllan Budge, on said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1790: And also, the River Tivy, in the same County of Cardigan, N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods through the Parishes of Aberporth, Blaenporih, Tremain,imported into Leadenhall Warehouse, in the Port of Pembrin, Bettws Evan, Troedyraur, Llandefring, Llan- London, from Michaelmas 1789 to 1790;

vairtreligen, anjd Henllan, in the said County, also the also what exported during that Time, and what re-Road from Henllan Bridge aforesaid, to the present mained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1790:

Turnpike Road leading from the Village called Atpar, And also, in the said County, to the Town of Lampeter Pont Ste- N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods phen, in the same County, at a certain Place called remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse, in the Port of Penrkiw rllan, through the said Parish of Henllan and London, at Michaelmas 1789, what have been since the Parish of Llanvairorllwyn, in the said County, also brought in, what exported, as also what remained at

the Road leading from a Place called Blaenporih, in Michaelmas 1790: And also,

the Parish of Blaenporth aforesaid, in the said County* N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to Llechryd Bridge, on the Said River Tivy, in the said to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Ware-County* through the Parishes of Blaenporth, Llandu- houses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1789, what gtvydd, and the Parish or Chapelry o{ Llechryd, in the have been since brought in, what exported, as also said County, also the Road leading from Llechryd what remained at Michaelmas 1790: And also,

Bridge aforesaid, to Kenarth Bridge, on the same River N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Good*

Tivy, in the said County, through the said Parish or which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Chapelry of Llechryd, and the Parishes of Llangoed- Saint Helens, Leadenhall, Lane, And the Cui-

tnore and Llandugwydd,in the said County, also the tom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas

Road leading from the present Turnpike Road on the 1789, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what Hill called Coedycwmbank, to Kenarth Bridge aforesaid, have been returned, and what remained out at -

through the said Parish of Llandu guydd, in the said mas 1790: And also,

County, and the Road leading from a certain Bridge N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Naval Stores

called Aberayron Bridge, in the said County, to the Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1789 from Ka»ia.

present Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Abe- to Michaelmas 1790: And also,

rpstwith to the Town of Lampeter Pont Stephen afore- N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from

said, in the said County, through the several Parishes Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called

of Hmoeniw, Llanerchayron, Cilie Ayron, and Ltanvi- The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1789 to Michaelmas

Mangelyslrad,in the said County, also the Road leading 1790: And also,

from the Town of Tregaron, in the said County, N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which Whale Ships.

tiirough the Village called Talsame, in the said County, have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's

to the said Road leading from Aberayron Bridge afore- Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their NameS

said to the present Turnpike Road from Aberystwith and Burthens, from.whence they were fitted out, and

to the said Town of Lampeter Pont Stephcti, through at what Port they were discharged; and also What

the several Parishes of Caron, Llanddetey-brevy, Llanba- Quantity of Blubber each Ship imported; in the Year

damoduyn, Lhmgeitho, Nantcumlle, Trevilan, Llanvihan- J 790.

gelystrad, and Dikewyd, in the same County, and also And then they withdrew.

the Road leading from the said Town of Aberystwith And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

to the Town of Tregaron aforesaid, through the Pa- Ordered, That the said Accounts do- lie upon the

rishes of Llanbadarn fawr, Llany-chairn, Llanilar, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Rhosdie, Lledrod, Llanddavy-breoy, and Caron, in the The said Accounts arse preserved amongst the said County, are in many Parts much out of Repair, other Papers of this Session,

unsafe, narrow,' and incommodious, and cannot be

effectually repaired, widened, and rendered safe and A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Searchers, As- Petition from commodious, by the ordinary Course of Law: And sistants, and Commonalty, of the Company1 of Cutlers the Company therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in HallamshirC, in the County of Pork, under their „Jfutle[s in in a Bill for extending or enlarging the Term, and Common Seal, was presented to the House, and ams tfe* altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers, of the read; Setting forth. That aft Act was made, in the said Act, and also that, in Addition to the several 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, for Roads therein particularly mentioned, the said several the good Order and Government of die Makers of other Roads hereinbefore specified may be included Knives, Sickles* Sheers; Scissors, and othOr Cutlery therein, in such Manner, and with such Powers, as the Wares, ini the Lordship or Liberty Of Htdlamshire House shall think proper. aforesaid, and the Parts near adjoining,-whereby seve<-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred1 to the ral Powers and Provisions are granted for those? Pur<-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do poses, and for preventing Frauds atnd Deceits being examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it committed in the Manufacture of Knivefe, Sickles; shall appear to them, to the House: Sheers* Scissors; and other Cutlery Wares, within thO

And it is referred to the Earl of Lisburne, General Limits of the said Act; and that, by the said Act,

Vaughan, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow every Person exercising the Occupation of ar Cutler,

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, m- the Speaker’s Scissorsmith, Sheersmith, or Sicklesmlth, within the Vox. 46. Limits

Limits of the said Act, is restrained from having in his Service, at one Time, any more than one Apprentice (besides his own Son or Sons) who has not . served as an Apprentice at the said Trade Five Years

at the least, and is also restrained from taking any Apprentice at all, except he be the Owner of his Work hithself;. which Restrictions, from the great Increase of Trade within the said Liberty, are now very detrimental to the said Manufacture; and that divers Frauds and Deceits are frequently committed in the said Manufacture, by one Manufacturer striking or using the Mark of another Manufacturer, and the Powers of the said Act are found insufficient to prevent such Frauds and Deceits, and the said Act is in other Respects defective, and inadequate to the Purposes thereby intended; and that, the Petitioners conceive, it would greatly tend to the Encouragement, Increase, and Improvement of the said Manufacture, and be of very considerable Advantage to the Petitioners and others concerned therein, and of great public Benefit, if the Manufacturers of the said Wares were allowed to retain in their Service a greater Number of Apprentices at one Time than is allowed by the said Act, and if such of the said Manufacturers as are not Owners of their Work themselves were allowed to take Apprentices, and also if effectual Provision was made to prevent the committing of Frauds and Deceits in the said Manufacture, and for carrying into Execution the Purposes and Intentions of the said Act: And therefore praying, That I.eave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as relates to the Regulation of the said Company, their Apprentices, Servants, and Workmen, in the said Arts, Trades, and Occupations, and to substitute other and more effectual Provisions and Regulations in Lieu thereof, and to give the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Dun-combe, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Beal and Kel- A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

lingley Inclo- thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors sure Petition. of Lands in the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and also entitled to Right of Common over and upon certain Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordships or Liberties of Beal, otherwise Beaghall, and Kellinglcy, in the Parish of Xellmgton, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Property ‘in the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, belonging to the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Proprietors thereof, is very much intermixed and dispersed, and the said other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds are in their present Situation incapable of any considerable Improvements; and that if the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided, inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Owners and Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill» pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Freemen of the Corpo- Petition from ration of Cutlers in the Lordship or Liberty of the Freemen

shire, in the County of York,established by an Act of ^^^fCut-Parliament made and passed in the 2lit Year ten in tial-the Reign of King James the First, was presented lamshim. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and the rest of the Freemen of the said Corporation, are greatly injured in their lawful Interests by several Practices which have for a long Time been made Use of, and the Reputation of the Wares and Manufactures made within the Limits of the said Corporation greatly prejudiced, and the Benefits intended by the said Act to the Trade of the said Liberty, and to the Public, in a great Degree lost and defeated; and, it being generally apprehended by the Members of the said Corporation, as well as by the Petitioners, that those Evils are occasioned by the Usage under the said Act in the several Sets of the Public Officers of the Company being allowed to appoint their Successors, by which Means the Persons who have the Charge of the Common Property of the Corporation, and of the Management of all its Public Concerns, form a separate and distinct Interest, always independent of the whole Body for whotn they act, and frequently adopting and countenancing Measures for their own Advantage at the Expence of the Freemen at large, and which hath occasioned large Sums of Money to be expended in Law by the Freemen in procuring Redress against the Evils complained of at the Hands of their Corporate Officers: In order to prevent the same for the future, and to procure to the Petitioners and to all the Members of the said Corporation, and to the Public, the Advantages intended by the said Act, and the just, necessary, and useful Provisions, made by the same for the good making of all the Wares manufactured within the Limits of the said Corporation, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Appointment of the Officers of the Corporation, and to declare to the Freemen of the said Body Corporate, for the Time being, the Right of choosing the Officers and Managers of the said Corporation, to provide for the more speedy and effectual Administration of Justice under the said Act, and also to amend such Part of the said Act as relates to the binding Apprentices, and to give to all the Freemen, as well Journeymen as Masters, an equal Right to take and bind Apprentices, to be brought up and instructed in the several Branches of the said Corporation, and to expressly declare the Filesiniths within the said Liberty to be a Part of, and entitled to all the Privileges of, the said Body Corporate; and to oblige the Officers of the said Corporation to account Yearly for the Funds belonging to the same, and for such other Purposes as shall appear to the House to be necessary for the ordering and good Government of the said Corporation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the-Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Canterbury thereunder subscribed, being Landlords, Owners, and Occupiers, of Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the City of Canterbury, and in the several Parishes

of

of Saint Paul, Patrixbome, Bridge, Bishopsbome, King

ston, and Barham, and elsewhere adjoining, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury, towards Davor, through the Parishes of Saint George the Martyr, otherwise Bredne, and Saint Paul, in the said City, and iSaint Paul, Patrixbome, Bridge, Bishopsbome, Kingston,

and Barham, in the said County of Kent (being of the Distance of Eight Miles, or thereabouts) is in several Places very low and narrow, and by reason of the many sudden Turnings therein, and of the great Number of Carriages and Passengers continually passing and re-passing through the same, to and from the Continent, is become exceeding ruinous and unsafe, notwithstanding the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes have Yearly performed their Statute Duty on the said Road, and several very considerable Sums of Money have moreover been, from Time to Time, expended in repairing and improving the same; and that a safe and more commodious Road may be made through Part of the said Parishes of Saint George the Martyr and Saint Paul, by opening a Way from one of the Gates of the said City of Canterbury, called Saint George's Gate, through certain Lands and Tenements in the said last-named Parishes, and the Parish of -irixborne, or some of them, into the said Old Road, at or near a Place called Gutteridge Bottom, in the Parishes of Saint Paul and Patrixbome aforesaid (the Owners or Proprietors of which Lands and Tenements, or the major Part of them, are willing to part with the same, or a sufficient Part thereof, upon reasonable Terms, for the Purpose aforesaid); and that the said old Road, from the End of the said new intended Road, through the Parishes of Patrixbome, Bridge, Bishopsbome, -ston, and Barham, or some of them, over Barham Dawns, to a certain Place in the said Parish of Barham, where the said old Road meets the Davor Turnpike Road, may be very considerably widened and improved, so as to make the same more commodious and safe for Carriages and Passengers than heretofore: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for opening and preserving such new intended Road, and for widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Part of the said old Road for the future, so that all Persons may travel through the same with Safety, and that such further Order may be made in the Premises as to the House shall seem expedient

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Gamon, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lewes Koad A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are Petition. thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Leices to Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remain unpaid, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road made and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 46.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Gas~ coyne. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections Resolution and Returns, being offered to be presented to the respecting

House; _ SnYlet

Resolved, That whenever several Petitions, complain- tionPeti- *" ing of undue Elections or Returns of Members to serve turns, in Parliament, shall, at the same Time, be offered to be presented to the House, Mr. Speaker shall direct such Petitions to be all of them delivered in at die Table, where they shall be classed and read in the following Order; viz.

Such Petitions as complain that no Return has been made of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, in the First Class.

Such as complain of Double Returns, in the Second Class.

Such as complain of the Election or Return of Members returned to serve for Two or more Places, in the Third Class.

Such as complain of Returns only, in the Fourth

Class; and

The Residue of the said Petitions, in the Fifth Class.

And the Names of the Places to which such Petitions (contained in the First Class, if more than One) shall relate, shall, in the first Place, be written on several Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, knd the same Pieces of Paper shall be then rolled up, and put by the Clerk into a Box or Glass, and then publickly drawn by the Clerk: And the said Petitions shall be read in the Order in which the said Names shall be drawn; and then the like Method shall be observed with respect to the several Petitions contained in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Classes respectively.

Then several Petitions were delivered in at the Table accordingly.

And there being no Petitions of the First Class described in the Resolution of the House;

Several Petitions, complaining ofx an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of HeUston, in the County of Cornwall, were read as followeth; viz.

A Petition of the Reverend John Pasmore, Clerk, Hell8toR Mayor of the Borough of Hellston, otherwise Helleston, Election-in the County of Coi'trwaU, and of the several other Petition of Persons, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, Mr. Pasmore, Freemen of the said Borough, was read; Setting forth,

That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet*

Stephen Lushington, James Bland Burges, and Charles Abbot, Esquires, were proposed as Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the Sheriff of the said County of CornwaU delivered the Precept for the Election of Members to the Petitioner, the said John Pasmore; and that an Election was proceeded upon, and made before the said John and the Petitioners and other Persons, being a great Majority of the Persons legally entitled to vote at the said Election, voted for the said Sir Gilbert Elliot and the said Stephen Lushington, who were duly elected, and were returned by the Petitioner, John Pasmore, to the Sheriff of the said County of Cornwall, who annexed the same to the Writ of Election, and transmitted the same to the Office of the Clerk of the Crown; and that one Richard Penh all took upon himself to preside at another pretended Election for the said Borough, at

E which

Hcllston Election — . Petition of Mr. Burges and Mr. Abbot.

14 1° Decemb A. 1790.

which the said Richard Pen took upon himself to vote for the said James Bland Burges and Charles Abbot, and the said Richard Penhall, without any lawful Authority, hath returned the said James Bland Burges and Charles Abbot as Members for the said Borough, although no other Person, save the said Richard Penhall, voted for the said James Bland Burges and Charles Abbot, and the said Sheriff hath accepted and annexed the said last mentioned Return also to his Writ of Election, and transmitted the same to the Office of the Clerk of the Crown} and that the said Richard Penhall claimed to vote as a Freeman of the said Borough, pretending to have been elected to such Franchise, under a Charter granted to the said Borough in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, although in Truth the said Richard Penhall is not duly elected a Freeman according to the Provisions of the said Charter, but was elected by the Mayor and Aldermen only, and in the same Manner as all the other pretended Freemen of the said Borough, who claimed their Franchises under the said Charter, and who w'ere ousted by the Judgment of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, and although the Corporation created by the said Charter is dissolved; and that the said James Bland Burges and Charles Abbot have been unduly elected and returned as Representatives of the said Borough, to the great Injury of the Petitioners: And the Petitioners therefore hope the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief as the Circumstances of the Case require.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 3d Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " 3d Day of February next," and inserting the Words " 16th Day of " this Instant December" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " 3d " Day of February next" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " 16th 4t Day of this Instant December" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition he taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 16th Day of this Instant December, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of James Bland Burges, and Charles Abbot, Esquires, was also read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Helleston, in the County of Cornwall, Sir GUbert Elliot, Baronet, and Stephen Lushington, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were proposed as Candidates; and that Richard Hit chaw, Esquire, Sheriff of the said County of Cornwall, made out his Precept for the Election of Two Members for the said Borough, but which he refused to deliver to Richard Penhall, a Freeman of the said Borough, who had the sole Right of executing the said Precept, and was the proper Returning Officer of the said Borough, and delivered the same to the Reverend John Pasmore, Clerk, hereafter-named; and that the said Richard Penhall had the sole Right to vote in the said Election, and he voted for the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and rightfully returned, by the said Richard Penhall, to the said Richard Hitchens, Sheriff of the said County of Cornwall; and that under Colour of a Royal Charter, obtained a short Time before the General Election in the Year 1774, and then attempted to be imposed on several of the ancient and the then subsisting Members of the Corporation of Helleston against their Consent, John Rogers took on himself to act at that Election as Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough,

although a Majority of the existing Members of the said Corporation, at the Time of the passing of the said Charter, opposed the same in every Stage of its Progress, and have not accepted, but, on the contrary, absolutely rejected, and the said Richard Penhall doth still reject and refuse to act under the same; and that, at the said General Election in 1774, a Return was made by the said John Rogers, and another Return was executed by Richard Johns, and others, claiming a Right to vote independently of the said modern Charter, and upon that Occasion this Honourable House, in pursuance of a Resolution of the Select Committee to whom the Merits of that Election were referred, did order tire Deputy Clerk of the Crown to amend the Return, by taking off the File the Indenture of Return made by the said John Rogers, and by annexing thereto the Indenture of Return executed by the said Richard Johns, and others; and that, under the same pretended Authority, John Hoblyn, at the General Election in 1780, took on himself to act as Mayor and Returning Officer, and at that Election unwarrantably made a Return of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and another Return was executed by Matthew Wills, and the other Freemen of the said Borough, claitning a Right to vote independently of the said modem Charter, and upon that Occasion this Honourable House, in pursuance of the Resolution of the Select Committee to whom the Merits of that Election were referred, did order the Deputy Clerk of the Crown to amend such Double Return, by taking off the File the Indenture of Return which was made by the said John Hoblyn, and by annexing thereto the Indenture of Return executed by the said Matthew Wills, and others; and that at the General Election in the Year 1784, and at a subsequent Election in the Year 1787, the Elections and Returns of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough were made by the Members of the old Corporation alone, without any Claim or Interference on the Part of the said modern Corporation, or any Petition against the said Returns; and that the Reverend John Pasmore, Clerk, took on himself to act at the last General Election as Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough at such Election, and took a Poll, and admitted great Numbers of Persons, w ho had no Right to vote, nor claim any other Right than such as they pretended to derive under the said Charter, to poll for the said Sir Gilbert Elliot and Stephen Lushington, and unwarrantably made a Return of them, as Members for the said Borough, to the said Richard Hitchens, the Sheriff, who has not only annexed to his Writ the Return so made by the said Richard Penhall of the Petitioners, but has also annexed to his Writ the Return so made by the said John Pasmore, and hath sent both Returns, with his Writ, into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown; and that the said Richard Hitchens, the Sheriff, ought only to have accepted the Return made by the said Richard Penhall, of the Petitioners, and sent the same with his Writ into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as the Circumstances of the Case call for and require.

A Petition of Sir Gilbert EUiot, Baronet, and Stephen Hellston Lushington, Esquire, was likewise read; Setting forth, Election — That, at the fast Election of Members to serve in Parlia- ^gj’ibert ment for the Borough of Helstone, otherwise Helleston, in Elliot and the County of Cornwall, the Petitioners, and James Bland Mr. Lushing-Burges and Charles Abbot, Esquires, were proj>osed as ton-Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the Sheriff of the said County of Cornwall delivered the Precept for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament to the Reverend John Pasmore,

Clerk, Mayor of the said Borough; and that a Poll having been demanded, the same was taken before the said John Pasmore, the Mayor of the said Borough, and

a great

a great Majority of the Persons, legally entitled to vote at the said Election, voted for the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and were returned by the said Mayor to the Sheriff of the said County of Cornwall, who annexed the same to the Writ of Election, and transmitted the same to the Office of the Clerk of the Crown; and that one Richard Penhall took upon himself to preside at another pretended Election for the said Borough, at which he, the said Richard Penhall, took upon himself to vote for the said James Bland Burges and Charles Abbot, and the said Richard Penhall, without any lawful Authority, hath returned the said James Bland Burges and Charles Abbot, as Members for the said Borough, although no other Person save the said Richard Penhall voted for the said James Bland Burges and Charles , and the said Sheriff hath accepted and annexed the said last mentioned Return also to his Writ of Election, and transmitted the same to the Office of the Clerk of the Crown; and that the said Richard Penhall claimed to vote as a Freeman of the said Borough, pretending to have been elected to such Franchise under a Charter granted to the said Borough in the 27th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, although, in Truth, the said Richard Penhall is not duly elected a Freeman according to the Provisions of the said Charter, but was elected by the Mayor and Aldermen only, and in the same Manner as all the other pretended Freemen of the said Borough who claimed their Franchises under the said Charter, and who were ousted by the Judgment of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, and although the Corporation created by the said Charter is dissolved; and that the said James Bland Burges and Charles Abbot have been unduly elected and returned as Representatives of the said Borough, to the great Injury of the Petitioners: And the Petitioners therefore hope, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief as the Circumstances of the Case require.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the said Petition of the Reverend John Pasmore, Clerk, Mayor of the Borough of Hellston, otherwise Helleston, in the County of Cornwall, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, Freemen of the said Borough, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

And there appearing to be no Petitions of the Third and Fourth Classes described in the Resolution of the House;

The Names of the Places, to which the Residue of the Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Returns related, were put into a Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order:

Carlisle Elec- A Petition of John Christian Curwen, and Wilson tion — l'eti- BraddyU, Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That at

tion of Mr. the last Election for Two Citizens to serve in Par-jsir.braddvll. l>ament for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, James Clarke Satterthwaite, Esquire, Edward Knubley, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that at the Poll taken upon the said Election before Jeremiah Whirlings, Esquire, Mayor of the said City, the Returning Officer, a great Majority of legal Electors voted in Favour of the Petitioners; and that the Returning Officer, upon taking the said Poll, received so many illegal Votes for the said James Clarke Satterthwaite, and Edward , as to leave a Ma-

jority upon the Face of the Poll in their Favour, under Colour whereof they were returned, although the Petitioners were duly elected by a great Majority of V01. 46.


legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief as shall appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 3d Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Stir- StirlingElec-ling, thereunto subscribing, was read; Setting forth, tion — p«ti-That at a Meeting of Freeholders for the County tionoffree-of Stirling, held upon the 6th Day of July last, for 110 ers* electing a Representative to serve in Parliament for the said County, Sir Alexander Campbell, of,

Baronet, and Sir Thomas Dundas, of Kerse, Baronet; were the only Candidates, and the said Sir Thomas Dundas was declared duly elected, and was returned; although the other Candidate, the aforesaid Sir Alexander Campbell, had a clear Majority of legal Votes; and that many undue and illegal Acts were committed previous to, and at the Time of, the said Election, and in procuring and making the Return in Favour of the aforesaid Sir Thomas Dundas, whereby the Freedom of Election has been violated, and an unfair Representation in Parliament of the said County obtained, contrary to the Wishes and Inclinations of the Majority of the Freeholders, and to the great Hurt and Prejudice of their unquestionable Rights and Franchises: And the Petitioners therefore apply to the House for Redress, and pray, That they may be permitted to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, upon the Merits of the aforesaid Election, and against the Return made in Favour of the above-mentioned Sir Thomas Dundas, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 8th Day of February next* at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Sir Alexander Campbell, of Ardkinlass, Stirling Elec-Baronet, was also read; Setting forth, That at the late tion — Peti-Election of a Commissioner to serve in the present tion of Sir Parliament for the Shire of Stirling, Sir Thomas Dundas, CaoTbelP Baronet, and the Petitioner, were the only Candidates; .

and that the Majority of the Freeholders upon the Roll, then last made up, who attended -the Meeting held for the Election, being in the Interest of Sir Thomas Dundas, did, upon various illegal and frivolous Grounds and Pretences, refuse to inroll as Freeholders, sundry Persons who claimed to be inrolled, and amongst others the Petitioner himself; and that the same Majority of Freeholders unwarrantably and illegally inrolled other Persons, being, or supposed to be, in the Interest of the said Sir Thomas Dundas, though not duly qualified by Law to be inrolled, and refused or neglected to expunge from the Roll of Freeholders,

?revious to the said Election, the Names of other 'ersons, who by Law ought to have been expunged from the said Roll, permitting them to continue on the said Roll, and to give their Votes contrary to Law; and that, by these and other illegal and unwarrantable Acts and Proceedings, a Majority of Persons in the Interest of Sir Thomas Dundas was obtained and preserved on the Roll made, up for electing the said Commissioner, and the said Sir Thermos Dundas was declared to have the Majority of Votes at the said Election, and he has been returned as the Representative of the said Shire of Stirling, duly elected to serve in this present Parliament; and that if the Persons who claimed to be inrolled, and were by Law entitled so to be, but who were rejected, had been inrolled, and if the Votes of the Persons legally entitled to vote, which were tendered for the Petitioner, had

been

1° Decembr

A .1790.

been received, &nd the illegal Votes given for the said previously to and during the said Election, by them-

Sir Thomas Dimdas at the said Election had been rejected, the Majority of legal Freeholders voting would have appeared to have been for the Petitioner; the Petitioner therefore conceives, and is advised, that he was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as the Commissioner to serve in the present Parliament for the said Shire: And therefore praying, That he may be permitted to be heard, by his Counsel, upon the Merits of the said Election, and against the Return made in Favour of the said Sir Thomas Dundas, and that the Petitioner may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration, at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

selves and their Agents, were guilty of Bribery, and various illegal, corrupt, undue, and unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure themselves to be returned for the said Borough at the said Election; and that at the said Election many Persons, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, were admitted to tote for the said Alexander Popham, and Sir Benjamin Hammet, ot one of them, and that other Persons, who had a Right to vote at the said Election, and who tendered themselves to vote at the said Election for the said John Halliday arid William Morland, or one of them, were rejected; and that, by the Means aforesaid, the said Alexander Popham and Sir Benjamin Hammet procured themselves to be returned at the said Election as Burgesses for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and of others, Electors for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give

shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of John Halliday, and William Morland, Esquires, who were Candidates for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, at the last Elec-

such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration, at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

Taunton Election —

Petition of ___ ^ _____^ ^ _

and Mr. Mor- ^on ^urgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as land. Borough, on Behalf of themselves, was read; Setting shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions, in Parliament for the said Borough, Alexander Popham,

Esquire, and Sir Benjamin Hammet, Knight, were Can- A Petition of Charles and John Anstruther, Pontefract

dictates, as were the Petitioners; and that the said Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That Pontefract is Election — Alexander Popham, and Sir Benjamin Hammet, pre- an ancient Borough, of Burgage Tenure, and an an- ivir.VieiiTsh viously to and during the said Election, by themselves cient Corporation; and that the Corporation consists and Mr. An-and their Agents, were guilty of Bribery, and did cor- solely of Freeholders of Burgage Tenure, paying a smaller, ruptly allow to many of the Electors, and to several Burgage Rent, and the only Persons legally entitled Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the at the 9aid Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertain- said Borough are such as have, within the said Borough, ment, and Provision, in order to procure themselves a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage

Rent; and that, at the last Election of Members to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough,

John Smyth and William Sotheron, Esquires, together with the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that, in open Violation of the Right of the real Electors of

to be returned as Burgesses for the said Borough at the said Election; and that many Persons who had. no Right to vote at the said Election were admitted to vote for the said Alexander Popham and Sir Benjamin Hammet, or one of them, and that other Persons who had a Right to vote at the said Election, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, or one of them, were rejected; and that by the Means aforesaid, by the Exertion of undue Influence, and by various ille-

the said Borough, William Tomlinson, Esquire, the

Mayor and Returning Officer, took upon himself arbitrarily to reject the Votes of Fifty Persons, having within the said Borough a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, gal, corrupt, undue, and unwarrantable Practices, the paying a Burgage Rent, who tendered their Votes for said Alexander Popham and Sir Benjamin Hammet pro- the Petitioners, and permitted a great Number of Persons cured themselves to be returned as Burgesses for the to poll for the said John Smyth and William Sotheron said Borough at the said Election, in Violation of the who had no Right to vote, and returned the said John Purity of Election, and in Prejudice of the Petitioners; Smyth and William Sotheron, though the Petitioners and that the Petitioner, the said John Halliday, had a were duly elected, and ought to have been returned: Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned And therefore praying the House to take the Premises instead of the said Alexander Popham: And therefore into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as they praying the House to take the Premises into Considera- shall appear to merit, and to do further therein as to the

Taunton Election-Petition of Electors.

tion, and to grant such Relief to the Petitioners a3 to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 15th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Joseph Partridge, James Spiller, Robert Burnell, John Poole, Benjamin Spiller, James who were Electors for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors for the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, John Halliday, William Morland, Alexander Popham, Esquires, and Sir Benjamin Hammet, Knight, were Candidates; and that at the said Elec-

House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 1 oth Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Pontefract thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of Burgage Election-Tenure within the Borough of Pontefract, in the ^‘ct^rnsof County of York, and, as such, Electors of Members to ec ors' serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth, That Pontefract is an ancient Borough, of Burgage Tenure, and an ancient Corporation; and that the Corporation consists of Persons having Freeholds of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Kent, and of no others, and the only Persons legally entitled to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough are such as have,

Burgage

tion the Poll Clerk was not sworn, nor the Poll within the said Borough, a Freehold of taken, in Conformity to the Directions of an Act pas- Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent; and that, at the last sed in the 25th Year of the present Reign; and that Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the the said Alexander Popham and Sir Benjamin Hammet, said Borough, Charles Mellish, John Anstruther, John

Smyth,

31 Geo. III. la Decem 17

Smyth, and William Sotheron, Esquires, were Candi- shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on

dates; and that the Petitioners, and many others enti- the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, tied to vote at such Election, in the Right aforesaid,

tendered their Votes for the said Charles Mellish and A Petition of Richard Wilson, Esquire, was read; BamsUpI. John Anstruther, but William Tomlinson, Esquire, the Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses Elecuon — Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Barnstaple, ivir.1 \Vilsoi». took upon himself arbitrarily to reject the Votes of the in the County of Devon, William Devaynes, Esquire,

Petitioners, and many others, and admitted a great John Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Can-

Number of Persons claiming a Right to vote as Inha- dictates; and that, previous to and during the said

bitants, Householders, and Residants, within the said Election, the said John by hnnselt and

Borough, to poll for the said John Smyth and William Agents, were guilty ot gross Bribery and Corruption, r

Sotheron, who had no Right to vote, and returned the by giving, and promising to give, Money, Securities said John Smyth and William Sotheron, though the said for Money, and other Rewards, to the Voters of the Charles Mellish and John Anstruther were duly elected, said Borough, whereby, and by other illegal and corand ought to have been returned: And therefore rupt Means, many ot die Voters of the said Borough praying the House to take such Measures as to them were prevailed upon and induced to give their Votes shall seem meet for redressing the Injury which has for the said Mr. Clevland, at the said Election; and been done to the Petitioners in the Return of the said that many of the Voters, in the Interest of the Peti-JohnSmyth and lVilliam Sotheron, as Representatives tioner, were induced to withhold their Votes trom the in Parliament for the Borough of Pontes ract, and to Petitioner by Means of Gilts of Money, and other

grant them such further Relief as they shall appear to Rewards, and Promises ot Rewards, by the said Mr.

merit. Clevland and his Agents, and others of the said Voters

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- were prevented from voting for the Petitioner by sideration at the same Time that the last preceding Pe- Means of Threats and Intimidations made by the said tition is ordered to be taken into Consideration. Mr. Clevland and his Agents; and that, by such and

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or other Means of Corruption and undue Influence, the Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as said Mr. Clevland procured himself to be returned

shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Member for the said Borough, in Violation of the

Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions. Rights of Election, and Injury of the Petitioner:

And therefore praying the House to take his Case into

Exeter A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Consideration, and grant him such Relief as to the

Election — thereunder written, being Freemen and Electors of House shall seem meet.

Ration of City of Exeter, was read; Setting forth, That at , That the said Petition be taken into Con-

r*' the last. Election of Members to serve in Parliament sideration upon Tuesday, the 22d Day ot February next,

for the City of Exeter, Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde,at Three of the Clock in the Attemoon.

Baronet, John Baring, Esquire, and James Builer, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant,

Esquire, were Candidates to represent the said City in or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records,

Parliament; and that the said John Baring, after the as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties,

Dissolution of the last Parliament, and after the order- on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, ing and issuing the Writ of Election, and previous to

and during the Poll, by himself and his Agents, and A Petition of William Paxton, Esquire, was read; Newark

by other Ways and Means, on the Behalf, and at the Setting forth, That on Friday, the 18th Day of June Election —

Charge, of - him the said John Baring, did give and last, an Election of Two Members to serve in Par- Potion of

allow to the Electors of the said City, and to several liament for the Borough ot Newark, in the County r’ axt0D*

Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote of Nottingham, came on there, and was continued till

in the Election for the said City, Money, Meat, Drink, the 2ist Day of the said Month, at which

Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to be Election the Petitioner and William Crosbie, and John

elected for the sakl City; and that the said John Bar- Manners Sutton, Esquires, w ere Candidates; and that

ing, by himself and his Agents, previous to and during the Petitioner was duly elected by a great Majority of the Election, was guilty of Bribery and Corruption, legal Votes, but Esquire, who acted as

by giving or promising Money or other Rewards to Mayor and Returning Officer at the said Election, iu

the Voters of the said City, in order to obtain their taking the Poll, was guilty of great Partiality and

Votes at such Election, and to procure himself to be Injustice towards the Petitioner, by illegally rejecting

returned as duly elected for the said City; and that the Votes of several Persons who had a legal Right to

the Freeholders, as well resident as non-resident within v°te, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner,

the said City, and many other Persons who had no and by admitting other Persons to vote for the said

Right to vote, were admitted on the Poll, by the William Crosbie and John Manners Sutton, who had

Returning Officer, to vote for the said John Baring, no legal Right to vote; and that the said William

and many Persons having Right to vote, and who Crosbie and John Manners Sutton, by themselves, and

tendered their Votes, were rejected, by Reason where- by some Person or Persons employed by them, or oue

of, and by various other improper Means, and by of them, did, by Gifts and Rewards, and by Promises,

undue Influence, the said John Baring procured bim- Agreements, and Securities for Gifts and Rewards,

self to be elected and returned as One of the Members corrupt and procure several Persons to give their

for the said City, in direct Violation of the Freedom Votes in the said Election for them, the said William

of Election, and to the manifest Injury of the Peti- Crosbie and John Manners Sutton, or for One of them;

tioners, and the uncorrupted and legal Voters of the and that, by these and other undue Means, the said

said City: And the Petitioners therefore hope, That William Crosbie and John Manners Sutton procured

the House will take the Premises into their Considera- themselves to be returned to serve in Parliament for

tion, and give such Relief as the Circumstances of the the said Borough of Newark, to the great Prejudice

Case require. of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes,

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- and was duly elected, and ought to have been re-sideration upon Thursday, the 17th Day of February turned, and also to the great Prejudice of the legal next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Electors of the said Borough, and in Defiance of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or the Freedom of Election: And therefore praying W arrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as the House to take the Premises into Consideration,

Voj.. 46. E and

Leominster Election — Petitio* of Mr. Beckford*

Leominster Election — Petition of Electors.

18 1° Decembrist A. 1790.

and to grant such Relief therein Us shall seem George Evans hath returned the said John Sawyer, meet. together with the said John as duly elected,

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- whereas the said Richard had a great Majority

sideration upon Thursday, the 24th Day of February of legal Votes over the said John Sawyer, and was next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. duly elected, and ought to have been returned, with the.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or said John Hunter, as One of the Representatives to Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And there-shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on fore praying. That the House would take the Premises the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief

therein as to them shall seem meet.

A Petition of Richard Beckford, Esquire, was read; Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-Setting forth. That at the last Election of Two Re- sideration at the same Time that the last preceding presentatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Leominster, in the County of Hereford, the Petitioner, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or and John Hunter and John Sawyer, Esquires, were Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Candidates; and that at the said Election a Poll was shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the demanded and taken before the Reverend George Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Evans, Clerk, who was Bailiff and Returning Officer

for the said Borough, but he neglected to swear the A Petition of William Fullarton, of Fullarton, Haddington, Poll Clerks appointed to take the Votes for the Peti- Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner Jedburgh,

tioner, and the said John Hunter and John Sawyer, was a Candidate at the last Election of a Member to &c- Burfcb*

contrary to the express Directions of the Statute in serve in Parliament for the Class or District of Bo- p/nti'on^jf that Case made and provided, and in manifest Breach roughs of Haddington, Jedburgh, Dunbar, North - Mr. l-'ul-and Neglect of his Duty as such Returning Officer as wick, and in Scotland, which Election was larton.

aforesaid; and that the said George Evans acted with held at Jcdon Monday, the 12ih Day of July great and manifest Partiality in Favour of the said last; and that the Delegates for the said Boroughs of John Sawyer, and against the Petitioner, by receiving Jedburgh and Haddington, duly chosen and appointed the Votes of divers Persons for the said John Sawyer, for the said Boroughs, voted for the Petitioner to who had no Right to vote, and also by rejecting a be Member for the said District, and the Delegates, great Number of legal Votes which were tendered for or pretended Delegates, for the said Boroughs of the Petitioner; and that at and before the said Elec- Dunbar, Not'th Berwick, and Lauder, voted for the

tion the said John Sawyer, by himself and his Agents, Honourable Thomas Maitland, then and now in the was guilty of various Acts of Bribery and Corruption, East Indies; and that the Election of the Delegates and did, by himself and his Agents, by many Gifts for the said Boroughs of Dunbar and Lauder was and Promises procure and endeavour to procure a brought about by undue and unconstitutional In-ereat many of the Electors to vote for the said John fluence, used by Persons acting as Agents for the said Sawyer, who would have voted for the Petitioner; Thomas Maitland, or employed by him, or on his and that by those and other illegal Means a colourable Behalf, and by Gifts and Rewards, and by Promises Majority was procured for the said John Sawyer over or Agreements and Securities for Gifts and Rewards, the Petitioner, and the said George Evans hath re- to a Majority of the Members of the Council of the

turned the said John Sawyer as duly elected, together said Boroughs, who voted for the Delegates who

with the said John Hunter, whereas there was a great attended and voted at the said Election; and that the Majority of legal Votes in favour of the Petitioner said Borough of North Berwick not only had no Right over the said John Sawyer, and the Petitioner ought to or Title to send or make Choice of a Delegate to

have been returned as duly elected with the said John vote at the said Election, on account of a total De-

Hunter: And therefore praying, That the House will parture from the Sett or Constitution of the said Bo-take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant rough in the Election of the Magistrates and other him such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet. Constituent Members thereof, but that James Dal-Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- rymple, Esquire, the Delegate, or pretended Delegate, sideration upon Tuesday, the 1st Day of March next, at for the said Burgh of North Berwick, and the Magis-Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. trates and Council by whom he was elected, were

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Parties to, or had consented to, or gave their Voices thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and for, the said James Dalrymple, and the said James others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Leo- Dalrymple gave his Vote for the Election of the said minster, in the County of Hereford, was also read; Thomas Maitland, with the Knowledge, and under the Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members Influence of a certain corrupt, illegal Contract or to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Richard Agreement, totally destructive of the Freedom of Beckjord, John Hunter, and John Sawyer, Esquires, Election, entered into by the said James Dalrymple, were Candidates; and that at the said Election the and the Magistrates and Council by whom he was Reverend George Evans, Clerk, who was Bailiff and elected, or by some other Person, with their Know-Returning Officer for the said Borough, neglected to ledge, Approbation, and Consent, with the Right swear the Poll Clerks appointed to take the Votes for honourable Janies Earl of Lauderdale, Brother of the the several Candidates at such Election, contrary to said Thomas Maitland, as Agent for him, or with some the express Directions of the Statute in such Case Person on Behalf of the said Earl, whereby, in Con-made and provided, and in manifest Breach and Neg- sideration of his the said James Dalrymple giving his lect of his Duty as such Returning Officer, and shewed Vote at the ,said Election for the said Thomas Maitland, great and manifest Partiality in Favour of the said the said Earl covenanted and engaged, at the next John Sawyer, and did not only receive a great Number General Election, to procure the Boroughs of Dunbar of illegal Votes for the said John Sazcyer,but also and Lauder to join in giving their Votes for Hew rejected the Votes of several of the Petitioners, and of Dalrymple, Esquire, Grandson of Sir Hew Dalrymple, divers other Persons, who were legal Electors of the of North Baronet, or such other Person as

said Borough, and who tendered their Votes for the should be then nominated by Hew Dalrymple, Esquire, said Richard Beckford; and that, by those and other the Son of the said Sir Hew, to be returned Member corrupt, partial, and unlawful Practices, a colourable for the said District, by Means of which, or some such Majority on the Poll was obtained for the said John, illegal, corrupt, and unconstitutional Agreement, and.

Sawyer over the said Richard Beckford, and the said other corrupt and illegal Means, a Majority of Votes

was

31 Geo. III.

1° Decembris.

19

was procured at the said Election for the Honourable said Patrick JIF/Har the Elder had, previous to the Thomas Maitland over the Petitioner; and that the said Election, been guilty of many Acts of Corruption, said Thomas Maitland was ineligible, not being a legal and particularly had corrupted the said Alexander Blair qualified Burgess in any of the said Boroughs, and to vote for the said Patrick Millar the Younger,

the Petitioner, the only legal Candidate, having had whereby the said Patrick Millar the Elder was dis-

the Votes of the Delegates of the Boroughs of Had- qualified from voting at the said Election as Delegate dingfon and Jedburgh, at the Election aforesaid, and the for the Borough of; and that various other

Delegate for the said Borough of Jedburgh, which was corrupt and illegal Practices were used by the said

the presiding Burgh, having also declared that in the Patrick Millar the Younger, and his Agents, to procure

Event of the Number of Votes being in the Course of him to be returned a Burgess for the said District of

any future Proceeding found to be equal, he voted, Boroughs; and that a Majority of the Delegates duly

and gave his casting Vote for the Petitioner, he thereby qualified to vote at the said Election voted in Favour of had a Majority of legal Votes at the said Election, the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to

notwithstanding which the said Thomas Maitland has have been returned a Burgess to serve in Parliament

l>een returned as Burgess duly elected to serve in Par- for the said District of Boroughs, notwithstanding which liament for the aforesaid District of Boroughs, to the the said Patrick Millar the Younger hath procured a great Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a Majority Return to be made in his Favour, to the manifest Injury of legal Votes, was duly elected, and ought to have of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House w ill been returned, and in Defiance of the Freedom of give the Petitioner such Relief in the Premises as shall

Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be Liken into Consideration upon Thursday, the gd Day of next, at

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 8th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, 'I'hat Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Pa|)ers, and Records, as shall

Ordered, Tltat Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Warrants, for such Persons, Pupers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the

Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Dnmfrif*, Ac. Election — Petition of Sir James Johuiooe.

A Petition of John Drummond and Robert Drummond, Ludgmhall Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That at the late Elec- Election — A Petition of Sir James Johnstone, Baronet, was read; tion for Members to serve in this present Parliament of

Setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Patrick Millar, for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Drummond*.

Junior, Esquire, were, at the late General Election, the Petitioners, Esquire, and

Candidates to represent the District of Boroughs in the Honourable Asheton Harbord, were Candi-

Scotland of Dumfries, Kirkcudbright, Annan, Loch- dates; and that at the said Election a great Majority mabon, and Sanquhar;and that at the Election of Dele- of legal Votes were offered in Favour of the Petitioners, rate for the Borough of Kirkcudbright, Alexander but Charles Esquire, who acted as the Bailiff

Birtwhistle and Alexander Blair were Candidates for the and Returning Officer of the said Borough at the said Office of Delegate, both of w hom were Members of the Election, shewed great Partiality towards the Two Council of the said Borough; and that, previous to the other Candidates, and not only received the Votes of said Election, the said Alexander Blair had been bribed a great many Persons on the Poll in Favour of the said and corrupted to vote and support the Interest of the said George Augustus Selzryn and William Asheton Harbord,

Mr. Afillar; and that, at the Time of the Election of who had no Right to vote at the said Election, but Delegate for the said Borough, and before the Members also rejected a great Number of legal Votes which of the Council had proceeded to vote, public Notice was were tendered in favour of the Petitioners, by which given, on Behalf of the said Alexander Birtwhistle and Means a colourable Majority appeared on the Poll in of the Petitioner, that the said Alexander Blair had Favour of the said George Augustus Selziyn and William been so bribed and corrupted, and that he was thereby Asheton Harbord, and the said accord-

disqualified from being elected Delegate, and that the ingly hath returned them as duly elected, whereas the Votes given for him would be thrown away; notwith- Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been standing which Eight Members of the Council, toge- returned: And therefore praying, That the House will

ther with the said Alexander Blair, voted for him as Delegate, and a Commission was made out in Favour of the said Alexander Blair by the Clerk of the said Borough; and that Six Members of the said Council,

take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief to the Petitioners therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

CJ 7 r 7 |

together with the said Alexander Birtwhistle, voted at sideration upon Thursday, the loth Day of March next, the said Election for him the said Alexander Birtwhistle, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

who was duly elected Delegate for the said Borough A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ljidgfrshttll of Kirkcudbright, and ought to have had a Commission thereunto subscribed, being legal Electors of Members made out in his Favour; and that Patrick Millar the to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, Electors. Elder, Esquire, Father of the said Candidate, Mr. Millar, in the County of Wilts, was also read; Setting forth, was elected Delegate for the Borough of Dumfries; That-at the late Election of Members to serve in Par-and that, at the Meeting to elect a Burgess to serve liament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County in Parliament for the said District of Boroughs, held of Wilts, John Drummond, Robert Drummond, and at Dumfries the 12th Day of July last, the Delegate George Augustus Esquires, and the Honourable

for the Borough of Sanquhar, the said Patrick Millar William Asheton Harbord, were Candidates; and that the Elder, and the said Alexander Blair, voted for the Charles Townshend, Esquire, the Bailiff and Returning said Patrick Millar the Younger, and the Delegates for Officer of the said Borough at the said Election, acted the Boroughs of Annan and Lochmabon voted for the with great Partiality in Favour of the said George Petitioner, and the said Alexander Birtzchistle, as the Augustus and William Asheton Harbord, by re-

legal Delegate for the Borough of Kirkcudbright, did jecting the Votes of several of the Petitioners, and of then tender his Vote, under a Protest, in Favour of the divers other Persons who had a Right to vote at the Petitioner; and that the said Alexander Blair,having said Election, and who offered their Votes for the said been bribed and corrupted as aforesaid, was thereby John Drummond and Robert Drummond, and also by disqualified from voting as Delegate of the said Borough admitting many Persons to vote for the said George of Kirkcudbright at the said Election; and that the Augustus Setwyn and William Asheton Harbord, who had Vo u 4& no

1" becembris.

A. 1790.

ho Right to vote at the said Election; by which and illegal Means, the said George Jackson and Robert Means a colourable Majority appeared at the Close of Thornton procured themselves to be returned as Bur-the Poll in Favour of the said George Augustus Selwyngesses to represent the said Borough in Parliament, in and William Asheton Harbord, and the said Charles Violation of the Rights of Election, and to the Injury Townshendhath returned them as duly elected, although of the Petitioner; therefore, and by Means of the In-the said John Drummond and Robert Drummond were capacity of the said George Jackson as aforesaid, the duly elected by a great Majority of the legal Electors Petitioner ought to have been returned one of the of the said Borough, and ought to have been return- Burgesses for the said Borough: And therefore prayed, to the manifest Injury of the Rights of the Peti- ing the House to take his Case into Consideration, tioners: And therefore praying, That the House will and grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon , the 21st Day of this Instant , at Three of the Clock in the After-

noon.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon , the 15th Day of March next,

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, was read ‘ Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

..... Setting forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses to Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as

Mr. Tierney, serve in Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the the County of Essex, George Jackson, Esquire, Robert Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Thornton, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candi-

Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Reco'rds, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Colchester Election — Petition of

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

dates; and that previous to, and during the said Election, the said George Jackson and Robert Thornton, by themselves and Agents, were guilty of gross Bribery and Corruption, by giving, and promising to give,

Money, Securities for Money, and other Rewards, to the Voters of the said Borough, whereby, and by other illegal and corrupt Means, many of the Voters of the said Borough were prevailed upon and induced to give

their Votes for the said Mr. Jackson and Mr. Thornton,

at the said Election; and that many of the Voters in the Interest of the Petitioner were induced to withhold their Votes from the Petitioner, by means of Gifts A Petition of the Right honourable Sir Henry Caven- Doveridgi of Money, and other Rewards, and Promises of Re- dish, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of , alias indosur*

Wards, by Mr. Jackson and Mr. Thornton, and their Dooebridge, in the County of Derby, and of the several Petition. Agents; and that by a certain Act of Parliament, other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Ma- was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, jesty Queen Anne, intituled " An Act for the Security That there are, within the Parish of alias

" of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Dooebridge, several Common Fields, Common PasSuccession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Pro- tures, Commons, and Waste Lands, the Property of " testant Line," it is, amongst other Things, enacted, the Petitioners and others; and that the said Lands That no Person having any Pension from the Crown, and Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of during Pleasure, shall be capable of being elected, any considerable Improvement, but if the same were or of sitting or voting as a hiember of the House of divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof set out Commons; and that, by a certain other Act of Parlia- to the Petitioners and the several other Persons interment, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late ested therein, according to their respective Rights and Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to Interests, the same might be greatly improved: And " disable any Person from being chosen a Member of, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring " or from sitting or voting in, the House of Commons, in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and " who has any Pension for any Number of Years Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think " from the Crown," after reciting the aforesaid Act proper.

of Queen Anne, it is recited, amongst other Things, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, that to the End that the Provision intended by the said pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Act of Queen Anne, for the securing the Honour of Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and the House of Commons, may not be defeated or elud- bring in the same, ed by any Person (who should be a Member of this

Honourable House) accepting any Pension for any A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Piggleswad* Term or Number of Years, it is enacted, That no Per- Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Tenth Year K‘,acts Pen-son having any Pension from the Crown, for any Term of the Reign of His present Majesty and the last Ses-or Number of Years, either in his own Name, or in sion of Parliament, for repairing the Road from the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons in made, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and

Trust for him, or for his Benefit, shall be capable of Alconburto the Top of A Icon bury Hill, and from Bug-being elected or chosen Member of, or sitting or vot-- den to Hand from to

ing as a Member of, this Honourable House; and that ton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the the said George Jackson, before and at the Time of Road leading out of the aforesaid Road at or near the said last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parlia- the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tcmpsford, to and ment for the said Borough of Colchester, had such a through Little Barford, Eyncsbury, and Saint Neots, to Pension from the Crow n, as by the Provisions of the the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, above-mentioned Acts rendered him incapable of being and also the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in elected, or of sitting or voting as a Member of this the Parish of Eaton Soken, through Eaton Ford, and House; and that by the aforesaid and other corrupt communicating with the said Turnpike Road near

7 Saint

tlOIl*

31 Geo. III.

21

SaintNeots Bridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, the several Tolls granted and made payable by the former Act are discontinued, and certain other Tolls are granted in Lieu thereof, but no Toll is made payable for Carriages having Narrow Wheels, in case they are laden with Coals, Corn, or Building Materials, which occasions a great Diminution in the Receipt of the Tolls, and some Alterations are necessary to be made in the Tolls granted by the said Act; and that a very considerable Sum of Money is now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which cannot be paid o(F, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is enlarged, and some Alterations made in the Tolls granted as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered \That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grey, Mr. Sumner, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Addms re- Mr. Pole Carew reported from the Committee,

ported, and appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be

#8rew,t‘’* presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our humble and hearty Thanks, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We cannot omit taking the first Opportunity to offer to Your Majesty our sincere Condolence on the Loss which Your Majesty has sustained, by the untimely Death of Your Royal Brother, the late Duke of Cumberland.

It affords us the greatest Satisfaction that the Differences which had arisen between Your Majesty and the Court of Spain, have happily been brought to an amicable Termination; and we are grateful for Your Majesty’s Goodness in having ordered Copies of the Declaration exchanged between Your Majesty’s Ambassador and the Minister of the Catholic King, and of the Convention which has since been concluded, to be laid before us.

Nothing can more evince Your Majesty’s Moderation, Wisdom, and Justice, than Your having been pleased to direct Your Attention, in the Whole of this Transaction, to the Objects of obtaining a suitable Reparation for the Act of Violence committed at Nootka, and of removing the Grounds of similar Disputes in future, as well as of securing to Your Subjects the Exercise of their Navigation, Commerce, and Fisheries, in those Parts of the World which were the Subject of Discussion.

It gives us the greatest Pleasure to be informed, that the Disposition and Conduct of Your Majesty’s Allies concurred with the Zeal and Public Spirit so naturally manifested by all Ranks of Your Subjects, in ensuring to Your Majesty the most vigorous and effectual Support: We are, at the same Time, fully sensible that no Event could have been so satisfactory as the Attainment of the Objects which Your Majesty bad in Vot. 46.

View, without any actual Interruption of the Blessings of Peace.

We are happy to learn, that a Foundation has been laid for a Pacification between Austria and The , and that Your Majesty has employed Yeur Mediation, in Conjunction with Your Allies, for the Purpose of negociating a Definitive Treaty between those Powers, and of endeavouring to put an End to the Dissensions in the Netherlands; and we shall at, all Times rejoice in seeing the Weight and Influence of this Countiy directed to the wise and benevolent Object of contributing to the Restoration of general Tranquillity.

Your faithful Commons are deeply sensible of Your Majesty’s paternal Goodness to Your People, which leads Your Majesty to regret any Occasion of increasing the Public Burthens: — We are fully aware of the Policy and Prudence of vigorous Preparations under the Circumstances which lately existed; and we cannot but reflect with great Satisfaction on the striking Proof which has been given of the Advantages derived from the liberal Supplies granted, since the last Peace, for the Naval Service.

Your Majesty may be assured of our Readiness to make due Provision for defraying the Expences of the late Armament, and for supporting the several Branches of the Public Service, on such a Footing as the general Situation of Affairs may appear to require; and of our being, at the same Time, peculiarly desirous of shewing, in the strongest Manner, our Determination invariably to persevere in that System which has so effectually confirmed and maintained the Public Credit of the Nation.

We have observed, with Concern, the Interruption which has taken Place in the Tranquillity of our Indian Possessions; but it affords us great Satisfaction to be informed that Your Majesty sees so favourable a Prospect of bringing the Contest to a speedy and successful Conclusion.

Our particular Attention shall be directed to the State of the Province of Quebecand we shall carefully consider of such Regulations for its Government as the present Circumstances and Condition of the Province may render expedient.

We should not faithfully represent the Sentiments of a loyal and grateful People, if we were not to seek every Opportunity of affording Your Majesty the most convincing Proofs of our zealous and affectionate Attachment. If any Consideration could increase the Warmth of those Sentiments, it would be derived from Your Majesty’s Gracious Declaration of Your Desire to cultivate an entire Harmony and Confidence with Your Parliament, for Purposes which must endear still more Your Majesty’s Name to the present Age, and to Posterity, as long as there remains a due Sense of the invaluable Blessings of our free and excellent Constitution, and of the numerous and increasing Advantages which Your Subjects enjoy under Your Majesty’s mild and auspicious Government.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech King's to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Conside- Speech to be ration Tomorrow Morning. considered.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

G

2° — 3° De

A. 1790.

Jon's, 2* die

Anno 31® Georgii III'" Regis, 1790,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorn- To lie roiling, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And tlion the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Prayers.

The King 11 yTR. Comptroller of the Household reported to appoinutobe 1VX the House, That His Majesty, having been etteuded. waited upon (pursuant-to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Resolution of The House was moved, That the Entry in the

1789, re- Journal of the House, of the nth Day of

1789, of the Resolution of the House, respecting the Recognizances to be entered into by any Person having presented a Petition to this House complaining of an undue Election or Return of a Member to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That for the due Execution of an Act,

specting Recognizances, read.

Veneris,3* die Decembris;

Anno 31® Georgii IIPa Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That t House attended His Majesty Yesterday, w their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

That the King’s a«v

ith Address.

Gentlemen,

I return you My warmest Thanks for this very loyal Address.

Nothing can afford Me more Satisfaction than the

cordial Assurances which you give Me of your affec-

.. , . A, _ . , tionate Attachment to My Person and Government,

passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of and of zealous Uega/d for the Principie3 of the

His present Majesty intituled, "An Act for the Constitution, and the Interest and Prosperity of My " further Regulation of the Trials of controverted peoDie " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parlia- "

" ment," so far as the said Act respects the Recog " nizances thereby required to be entered into by a any Person having presented a Petition to this " House, complaining of an undue Election or Re- tum, or of the Omission of a Return, or of the " Insufficiency of a Return, it is expedient that the " Examiners of Sureties, to be appointed by virtue " of the said Act, should attend (for the Purpose of " examining the Sufficiency of any Surety, or Sureties, to be named in any such Recognizance) in

« 1?^ to'r^"S A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Darly Moor

House, at such Time or Times, within the Time th f subscribed beins Trustees for nuttina in Iload " limited by the said Act, as shall be appointed by hereunto subscribed, being trustees for putting in Uon.

" ,uch Examiners, on Application made by any such E"‘".,on a0 'r "'e "V £

" Petitioner, or hi* Agent, to the Clerk, or Clerk °! 15 P^ent Majesty for repairing and wrdouing Assistant, of this House and that such Petitioner heE?a? from Bart) Moor in the ’.oonty oi Derby do give due Notice of life Time and Place of such '° '" the Com, of Word, and from thence

" intended Examination, together with the Name* J? t^e Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashforne, in Additions, and Places of Abode of such Sureties^ I Countter.of Deri,-mi was presented

'to the Sitting Member or Members whose Elec! 10‘ba House, and read; Sett,ng forth, That a eonsrder-

a: i a k \ v> able rrogress hath been made m repairing the said Road,

‘ tvon or Return is complained of by such Petition, jic rut i u u i J „ A JA # 9 and a large Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and

or the,r kn°wn Agent or Agents, and to every other . nu,fn„ nn t. r„P(i;/ aAr,. nnf, tW

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s ^a"c"ter» Gaol the Castle of Lancaster: And also, Chester*1"

A Petition of the Debtors in the Common Gaol at Debtor* Pe-Winchester, in the County of Southampton; titions.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

is still owing, on the Credit of the said Act; and that the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor the said Road

" Person or Persons to whom the Speaker of the House of Commons shall have given Notice to attend, at the , & . , n t

« . r>_____; j j i ’ u be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the

lime when any such Petition is ordered by the House rr , y, - .1 . _ r j.

it u„ *„t.A; r< ..._______.__„„ Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and

to be taken into Consideration, or their known Agent , -x'u . t,

- 6 enlarged: And therefore praying, lhat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

" or Agents."

Doveridg* Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, Inclosure Bill according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the presented. Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Dovcridge, alias Dovebridge, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Motion for a And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted Supply. to His Majesty;

King’* Speech considered.

A Petition of Christian Naordingh was presented to NoordinMi's the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given Nat. Peti-to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. tlou-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And 8 that

31 Geo. III.

3° Decembris.

23

that My. John Pitt, Sir James Penmpnan, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Biggleswade Roads Petition reported.

Beal and KeJlingley Inclosure Bill, pre-Hnted.

Wakefield Church Petition.

habitants of the said Town have, of late Years, so greatly increased, that the Parish Church is too small for their convenient Reception to attend Divine Service; and that it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if a new Church or Chapel was built in some convenient Place within the said Town or Township, for the Celebration of Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremo-

The Earl Ludlow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Tenth' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through nies of the Church of England, and if a proper Piece

Bugden and Alcottbury, to the top of Alconbury Hill, of Ground was provided and set apart to be used as a and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Ctvss Hall to Cemetery or Church Yard, and if Provision was made Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, for the Maintenance of a Minister or Curate to officiate and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road at the said Church or Chapel: And therefore praying, at or near the Perry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ef-to and through Little Barford ', Eynesbury, and Saint feeling the Purposes bd'orementioned, in such Manner,

Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think Lane, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike proper

Road in the Parish of Eaton Soken, through Eaton Ford, and communicating with the said Turnpike Road near Saint Neots Bridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followctli; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; And,

Mr. John Smith being examined, said, That by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament the Tolls granted and made payable by the former Act are discontinued, and certain other Tolls are granted in lieu thereof, but no Toll is made payable for Carriages having Narrow Wheels, in case they are laden with Coals, Corn, or Building Materials, which occasions a great Diminution in the Receipt of the Tolls. — And of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been lie added. That a considerable Sum of Money is now complied with; and that the Committee had examined

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilber force Mr. Dtmcombe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Gipps do make the Report from Canterbury the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Koads Peti-Persons, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, be- hon reported, ing Landlords, Owners, and Occupiers, of Houses,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the City of Canterbury, and in the several Parishes of Saint Paul,

Patrirbome, Bridge, Bishopsbome, K, and Barham, and elsewhere adjoining, in the County of Kent, was referred.

Mr. Gipps accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th

due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which cannot be paid oft’ and the lioads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is enlarged, and some Alterations made in the Tolls granted as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, and the last Session

the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to he reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it m at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and' is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Hodges said, That the Road from Canterbury to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham,

is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and inconvenient for Passengers and Carriages, and cannot be sufficiently widened and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

And the Witness further said, That he conceived if

of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade,(which is Part of the Post Road from London to Dover)' in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and A Icon- " ‘ "

bury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of Canter-Little Barford, Eynesbuty, and SafntNeots, to the bury, and the Neighbourhood thereof, if the Course

Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, and from of the Road was changed, and a new commodious Car-the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Eaton Soken, to the riage Road was made from George's Gate, in

said Turnpike Road near Saint Neots Bridge: And that Canterbury, to the present Road at Bottom,

Earl Ludlow and the Lord Hinchingbrook do pre — *k-D L ~c ‘

the Earl Ludlow and pare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Hill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, logs, or Pastures, and other Commonable I.ands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Beal, otherwise lieaghall, and Kellingley, in the Parish of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was eceiveii; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Township of JVakcfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Ih-Vol. 4C.

in the Parish of Patrirbome, in a more direct Course than the present Road, and if the Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road aforesaid was properly amended and widened; and that in order to effect the Purposes aforesaid, it will be necessary to purchase and take down a few Houses and other Buildings of small Value.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a new Road from Saint George's Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Gipps, Sir John Honywood, Mr. Honyuood, and Sir Edward Knatchbull, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Electious and Returns, being offered to he presented to the

House

54 3° Decembris. A. 17.90.

House; the same were delivered in at the Table: And shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Several of the said Petitions appearing, to relate to the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Elections and Returns of Places, concerning which the House had received Petitions on Wednesday last, the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Carlisle same were read, as followeth; viz: thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of tion

the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and lvee*»»ei*.0

Heiieston A Petition of Richard Penhall, the only surviving having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to Election — Freeman of the ancient Borough of Heiieston, in the serve in Parliament for the said City, was read; Set-

Mr'pwihall County of Cornwall, was read; Setting forth, That ting forth, That the Petitioners conceive that the Per-

the Petitioner, and his Predecessors, Freemen of the sons entitled to vote for Members or Citizens to serve said Borough of Heiieston, have long enjoyed the Pri- in Parliament for the said City of Carlisle are the Free-vilege of electing Two Burgesses to serve in Parlia- men of the said City, who are admitted Brothers of One ment for the said Borough; and that divers Persons, of the Eight Guilds or Fraternities belonging to the Inhabitants of the Town of Heiieston, and others, on said City, and derive their Right to the Freedom of the

the 3d Day of September 1774, procured a Charter to said City by Birth or Servitude, and that the Number

pass the Great Seal, whereby a new Corporation of such Freemen, at any one Period of Time, never was declared to be erected, and the Privilege of exceeded Seven hundred, and Persons, not so entitled electing to Parliament for the said Borough granted and admitted as aforesaid, have no Right to vote for to the Corporation by that Charter, constituted; and Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that the Petitioner, and others, the Majority of the that between the Months of September 1784 and Fe-then subsisting Members of the old Corporation, con- bruary 1785, in the Mayoralty of Jeremiah Whirlings, ceiving the said Charter to be a manifest Violation of he was induced to admit to the Freedom of the said their Rights and Privileges, opposed the passing of the City upwards of One thousand Four hundred Persons, same, in every Stage of its Progress; that on the of various Descriptions, most of whom were entirely 12th Day of September 1774, the said Charter was first unconnected with, and unknown in, the City of Carlisle, brought to the Guildhall of the said Borough, and the and not entitled to the Freedom of the said City by Petitioner, and others, being a Majority of the then sub- Birth or Servitude, nor admitted Brothers of any of sisting Members of the old Corporation, being assem- the said Guilds or Fraternities; and that, at the last bled in the Guildhall of the stud Borough, on the said Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the 12th Day of September 1774, unanimously refused to said City,

accept the same, and it still remains unaccepted; and Clarke and Edward Esquires,

that Richard Hitchens, Esquire, Sheriff of the said were Candidates; and that at the said Election up-Coufity, sent his Precept, for electing Two Burgesses to wards of Three hundred and Ninety Freemen, entitled serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to the to their Franchises by Birth or Servitude, and admit-Reverend John Pasmore, Clerk, who claims to be Mayor ted Brothers of the said Guilds, polled for the said of the said Borough, under the said Charter, instead of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, and not sending the same to the Petitioner, who had the sole more than One hundred and Twenty-nine for the said Right to receive such Precept, and to execute the same James Clarke Satterthwaite and Edward Knubley, but as Returning Officer; and that the Election of Bur- that upwards of Four hundred and Sixty of the Persons gesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough before described, who were admitted to the Freedom came on the 21st Day of June last, and James Bland of the said City by the said Jeremiah Whirlings as Burges and Charles Abbot, Esquires, and Sir Gilbert El- aforesaid, and not entitled to their Freedom by Birth toot. Baronet, and Stephen Lushington, Esquire, were Can- or Servitude, nor admitted of any of the said Guilds or dictates, and the Petitioner, Richard Penhall, being the Fraternities, were permitted to poll for the said James only remaining Freeman of the said Borough who bad Clarke Satterthwaite and Edward Knubley, who were a Voice in the said Election, voted for the said James thereupon returned, to the great Injury of the Peti-Biand Burges and Charles Abbot, who were thereby duly tioners; and that the said John Christian Curwen and elected, and accordingly the Petitioner executed an In- Wilson Braddyll ought to have been returned Members denture of Return of them to the said Richard Hitchens, for the said City: And therefore praying for Redress who received the- same; and that, under Colour of the on this Occasion, and that the House will adopt such Royal Charter so granted as aforesaid, the said John Measures as may hereafter secure to the Petitioners their Pasmore took a Poll, and admitted great Numbers of undoubted Rights.

Persons who had no Right to vote, nor claimed any Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-other Right than such as they pretended to derive un- sideration upon Thursday, the 3d Day of February der the said Charter, to poll for the said Sir Gilbert next, at the same Time that the Petition of Chris-EUiot and Stephen Lushington, and hath unwarrantably tian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, is ordered returned them, as Members for the said Borough, to to be taken into Consideration.

the said Sheriff, who hath not only annexed to his Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

Writ the Return so made by the Petitioner, of the said Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as James Bland Burges and Charles Abbot, but has also an- shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the nexed to his Writ the Return so-made by the said John Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Pasmore, in Prejudice of the said James Bland Burges

and Charles Abbot, who only ought to have been re- And several others of the said Petitions, so delivered in turned, and in Violation of the Right of the Petitioner: as aforesaid, appearing to complain of undue Elections

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises and Double Returns; the Names of the Places to which into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as the such Petitions related were put into the Glass at the Ta-Circumstances of his Case call for and require. ble, and drawn by the Clerk, in the following Order;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 16th Day of this Instant A Petition of John St. Leger and Robert Ladbroke, ].-£*, December, at tlte same Time that the Petition of the was read; Setting forth, That previous to the last peUtion of Reverend John Pasmore, Clerk, Mayor of the Borough General Election of Members to serve in Parliament Mr. St.Leger of Hellston, otherwise Heiieston, in the County of Corn- for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of De~ and Mr- k»*i-uxill, and of the several other Persons, whose Names von, the Precept for the said Election was delivered, bro e' are thereunder subscribed, Freemen of the said Bo- by the Sheriff of the said County, to Thomas Bridgman rough, is ordered to be taken into Consideration. Lurmoore, Esquire, the then Mayor, and the only pro-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or per Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as the said Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore duly proceeded to

the

Powy Elec-lion — Petition of Lord Valletort and Mr. Rash-Uijjb.

31 Geo. III. 3° Deccmbri 25

the Election of Members for the said Borough, pur- that^a Poll being demanded, the same was duly taken suant to such Precept, when the Petitioners, together before William Stackhouse, Esquire, then being the with John William Anderson, Esquire, and John Town-lawful Portreeve, and, as such, the legal and proper son, Esquire, were Candidates; and that a Poll being Returning Officer of the said Borough, at the Close demanded, the same was duly taken before the said of which Poll the Petitioners, having a Majority of Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore, at the Close of which the legal Votes, were, by the said William Stackhouse, de-Petitioners, having a Majority of legal Votes, were, dared to be duly elected, and were so returned by by the said Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore, declared to be him to the Sheriff" of the said County; and that duly elected, and were returned by him as such to the Thomas Mein, at the same Election, pretending to be Sheriff of the said County; and-that one John Hawkes, the lawful Portreeve of the said Borough, claimed, at the same Election of Members to serve in Parlia- under that Pretence, to be the legal and proper Re-pient for the said Borough, under Colour of the Of- turning Officer of the said Borough, and presumed to fice of Portreeve of the said Borough, claimed to be act as such Returning Officer, by taking a Poll, and the legal and proper Returning Officer of the said making a Return to the Sheriff of the said County, in Borough, and presumed to act as such, by taking a his own Name, and the Names of certain other Per-Poll, and making a Return in his own Name, and the sons who countenanced his Claim; and that the Peti-Names of certain other Persons who countenanced his tioners insist that the said Thomas Mein was not, at the Claim; and that the Petitioners insist that the said John Time of the said Election, the lawful Portreeve, nor Hawkes, by virtue of his pretended Office of Portreeve, the legal and proper Returning Officer of the said bad no Right whatsoever to take such Poll, and make Borough, but usurped the said Office; and that the such Return; and that the said John Hawkes admitted said Thomas Mein admitted many Persons to vote for many Persons to vote for the said John William Ander- the said Molyneux Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, son and John Toxcnson who were not legal Votes, and who were not legal Voters, and rejected many legal rejected many legal Votes which were tendered for the Votes which were tendered for the Petitioners, and Petitioners, by which improper and unwarrantable for whom a Majority of legal Electors did tender their Conduct a colourable Majority was procured for the Votes to the said Thomas Mein’, and that the said said John William Anderson and John Townson on the Mo Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, and Poll, so taken before the said JohnHawkes, whereas others in their Interest, were guilty of many Acts of the Petitioners insist that, supposing the said John Bribery and Corruption before, and in the Course of

Hawkes had any Right to take such Poll (which they the said Election of Members for the said Borough, utterly deny) the said Petitioners had the Majority of and that by such and other illegal and unwarrantable legal Votes on such Poll, and ought to have been Practices, and by such improper and unwarrantable returned by the said John Hawkes;and that the said Conduct of the said Thomas Mein, as is above set forth,

John William Anderson and John Townson were guilty a colourable Majority was procured for the said Moly-of many Acts of Bribery and Corruption in the Course neux Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne on the Poll of the Election of Members for the said Borough, and so taken before the said Thomas Mein, and, under by such and other illegal and unwarrantable Practices Colour of such apparent Majority, the said Thomas obtained a Majority on the Poll so taken by the said Mein unduly and illegally made a Return of the said John Hawkes, and that, under Colour of such apparent Molyneux Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne to the Majority, the said John Hawkes unduly and illegally Sheriff" of the said County, whereas the Petitioners had made a Return of the said John William Anderson and a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been John Tmnison to Peter Perring, Esquire, the Sheriff" of returned; and that the said Sheriff has annexed to his the said County; and that the said Sheriff" has annexed Writ not only the true Return so made as aforesaid, . to his Writ not only the true Return so made as by the said William Stackhouse, but also the Return aforesaid by the said Thomas Bridgman Lu.rmoore, but made by the said Thomas Mein: And therefore praying also the Return so made by the said John Hawkes, and the House to take the Premises into Consideration, hath sent both the said Returns, together with his and to direct the Clerk of the Crown to take the Re-Writ. into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown, turn, so made by the said Thomas Mein, Off the File, wherein, as the Petitioners are informed, both the and that the Petitioners may be declared to be duly said Returns arc filed: And therefore praying the elected Members to serve in this present Parliament

House to take the Premises into Consideration, and for the said Borough, and may have such Relief as the to direct the Clerk of the Crown to take the Return Justice of their Case shall appear to deserve, so made by the said John Hawkes off the File, and Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-that the Mayor of the said Borough of Okehampton sideration upon Tuesday, the 8th Day of February next, may be declared to be the true and legal Returning at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Officer of and in the said Borough, and that the Peti- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, tioners may be declared to be duly elected Members or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Re-to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, cords, as shall lie thought necessary, by the several or otherwise that the Petitioners may have such Relief Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Peas to the House shall seem meet. tition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 3d Day of February next,

at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon. And several others of the said Petitions, complain-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or ing ot' &n undue Election and Return for the Borough Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Poole (One of the sitting Members for the said shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on Borough being returned to serve for Two Places) the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. the said Petitions were read in the next Place, as

followeth; viz.

A Petition of the Honourable Richard Edgcumbe, A Petition of Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, and Poole Elec-

commonly called Lord Valletort, and Philip Rashleigh, Robert Kingsmill, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, tion — Peti- Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the last That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Par-

General Election of Members to serve in Parliament liament for the Town and County of the Town of and" Mr.

for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, Poole, Benjamin Lester, Esquire, the Honourable Charles Kingsmill. the Right honourable Molyneux Lord Shuldham, of the Stuart, the Petitioners, and the Right honourable Lord

Kingdom of Ireland, and Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of Haddo, and the Right honourable Lord Daer, were

the Bath, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and Candidates; and that Edward Esquire, who was Vol. 46. H Sheriff

Sheriff of the said Town and County of and

presided at the said Election, declared that the Numbers on the Poll were, for the said Lester 50,

for the said Charles Stuart 49, for the Petitioner Michael Angelo Taylor 48, and for the Petitioner Robert Kingsmill 43; and that the said Edward , who is a known Friend of the said Benjamin Lester and Charles Stuart, during the Course of the said Election admitted several Persons to poll for the said Benjamin Lester and Charles Stuart, who were not duly qualified to vote, and rejected several other Persons who were legally entitled to vote, and who tendered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioners, and the said Edward Allen acted in various other Respects with great Partiality; and that the said Benjamin Lester and Charles Stuart, by themselves and their Agents, and other Persons on their Behalf, previous to and during the said Election, were guilty of many Acts of Bribery and Corruption, whereby several of the Voters were influenced to give their Votes for the said Benjamin Lester and Charles Stu, and that Threats and Menaces, and other undue Means, were made Use of, by the said Benjamin Lester and Charles Stuart, and their Agents, in order to induce various Persons to give their Votes in Favour of the said Benjamin Lester and Charles Stuart, and to withhold their Votes from the Petitioners; and that, by such unlawful Means, and by Offers and Promises of Money, and other Rewards, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices and Proceedings, of the said Benjamin Lester and Charles Stuart, and their Agents, and other Persons attached to their Interest, they have procured themselves to be returned to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and County, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners, and in open Defiance of the Law of Elections; and that at the Time of the said Election the said Bettjamin Lester held and enjoyed a Contract or Agreement with the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, on Account of the Public Service, and, in pursuance of a Contract or Agreement with the said Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, furnished and provided certain W ares and Merchandizes, to be used and employed in the Service of the Public, by Means whereof the said Benjamin Lester was incapable of being elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Town and County of tire Town of Poole; and that the Petitioners conceive they had a Majority of legal and uncorrupted Votes at the said Election, and were duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as the Nature of their Case requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 10th Day of February next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Toole Elec- A Petition of the Honourable George Gordon, com-tion — Peti- monly called Lord Haddo, and the Honourable Basil Haddo and William Douglas, commonly called Lord Doer, was Lord Daer. also read > Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members'for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, the Honourable Charles Stuart, BenjaminiLester, Esquire, Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, Robert Kingsmill, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were Candidates, and that the Inhabitants, Householders within the said Borough and County, paying Scotland bearing Lot, have a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament; and that a Majority of Persons so qualified duly tendered their Votes at the Poll in Favour of the Petitioners, but were rejected by the Returning Officer, whereby a colourable Majority of Votes appeared upon the Poll in Favour of the said Charles Stuart and Benjamin Lester, who were accordingly returned as duly elected, although the Petitioners were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the

House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Poole Elec-thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and House-holders, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, b‘""not3 within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, House-in Behalf of themselves and others, in like Manner hvldeis. Inhabitants and Householders within the said Borough and Town of Poole, was also read; Setting forth, That on Monday, the 21st Day of June last, the Election of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough came on, and the Honourable George Gordon, commonly called Lord Haddo, the Honourable Basil William Douglas, commonly called Lord Daer, the Honourable Charles Stuart, BetijamitLester, Esquire, Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, and Robert Kingsmill,

Esquire, were Candidates at the Election; and that Edward Allen, Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, and Returning Officer of the said Borough, presided at the said Election, and shewed great Partiality in Favour of the sitting Members; and that the Petitioners and many, others duly qualified, as well by the General Laws and Customs of the Land, as by the particular Constitution of the said Borough, being Inhabitants and Householders within the same, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, offered their Votes in Favour of the said Lord Haddo and Lord Daer, but were illegally rejected and prevented from voting by the said Edward Allen,the Sheriff and Returning Officer of the said Borough; and that the Votes of the Petitioners, and many others in the same Interest, and of the same Description, being thus illegally rejected, on casting up the Poll there appeared a colourable Majority of Votes in Favour of the said Charles Stuart and Benjamin Lester, whereas the Number of legal Votes for the said Lord Haddo and Lord Daer would have far exceeded the Number of those for the said Charles Stuart and Benjamin Lester, and for the said other Candidates at the said Election, if the Petitioners, and many others having a Right to vote, had not been rejected, and the said Lord Iladdo and Lord Daet' were, in Fact, duly elected, and ought to have been returned:

And therefore praying, That, as their Franchises have been manifestly violated by the above Measures used by the said Sheriff, the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and restore to them, and others in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders within the said Borough and County, their Rights as Electors of chusing their own Representatives in Parliament, and give the Petitioners such other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Poole F.lec-thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Town and t|on — P*1*-County of the Town of Poole, and entitled to vote in ^ur* the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town and County, was likewise read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Poole, Benjamin Lester, Esquire, the Honourable Charles Stuart, Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, and Robert Kingsmill, Esquire, and the Right honourable Lord Haddo, and the Right honourable Lord Daer, were Candidates; and that Edward Allen, Esquire, who was Sheriff of the said Town and County of , and presided at the said Election, declared that the Numbers on the Poll were, for the said Benjamin Lester 50, for the said Charles Stuart 49, for the said Michael Angelo Taylor 48, and for the said Robert Kingsmill 45; and that the said Sheriff, who is a known Friend of the said Benjamin Lester and Charles Stuart, acted with great Partiality in Favour of the said Benjamin Lester and Charles Stuart at the said Election, and rejected several Persons who tendered their Votes for the said Michael Angelo Taylor and

Robert

gesses.

Downton Election-Petition of Mr. Wright-ion.

31 Geo. Ill*

3° Decembris.

27

Robert Kingsmill, and who ought to have been admit- and Borough of Downton aforesaid; and that the said

ted, having°a Right to vote at the Election, and ad- Robert Blake did, at the said Poll so taken by him, mit’ted on his Poll, for the said Benjamin Lester and partially, illegally, and wrongfully, reject several legal Charles Stuart,several Persons who were not Burgesses Votes which were tendered in Favour of the said Root the said Town and County of the Town of Poole, or bert Shafto and the Petitioner, and did receive many were otherwise disqualified from voting, and ought to illegal Votes in Favour of the said Bartholomew have been rejected; and that the said Benjamin Lester and Sir William Scott, and under Colour of a

and Charles Stuart, by themselves and their Agents, pretended Majority in Favour of the said Bartholomew and other Persons on their Behalf, previous to and Bouverie and Sir William Scott, and although, in Fact, during the said Election, were guilty of many Acts of there was a great Majority of legal Votes in Favour ot Bribery and Corruption, whereby several of the Voters the said Robert Shafto and the Petitioner, the said Robert were influenced to give their Votes for the said Benja- Blake did declare the said Bartholomew Bouverie and Sir min Lester, and Charles Stuart; and that Threats and William Scott duly elected, and hath taken upon him-Menaces, and other undue Means, were made Use of self falsely and illegally to make a Return of the said by the said Benjamin lister and Charles Stuart, and and Sir as Burgesses

their Agents, in order to induce various Persons to to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the give their Votes in Favour of the said Benjamin Lester great Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected and Charles Stuart, and to withhold their Votes from as one of the said Burgesses: And therefore praying the the said Michael Angelo Taylor and Robert Kingsmill;House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to

and that, by such unlawful Means, and by Offers and grant to the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the Promises of Money, and other Rewards, and di- House shall seem meet.

vers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices and Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-Proceedings of the said Bettjamin Lester and Charles sideration upon the 31 st Day of March next,

Stuart, and their Agents, and other Persons on their at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

JBehalt, they, the said Benjamin Lester and Charles Stuart, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or were returned, by the said Sheriff", as duly elected. Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as contrary to the Sense, and in Prejudice of the Rights shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the of the Petitioners and other Burgesses of the said Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Town and County of Poole, and of the Majority of

A Petition of the Honourable Cropley Ashley was Dorchester read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Election-Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of ^.ellt[01! Dorchester, in the County of DFrancis Fane, r* s 1 Esquire, the Honourable George Darner, and the Petitioner offered themselves as Candidates; and that

legal Voters on the said Election; and that, at the Time of the said Election, the said Benjamin Lester held and enjoyed a Contract or Agreement, with the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, on Account of the Public Service, and, in pursuance of a Contract or Agreement with the said Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, furnished and provided certain Wares „ , .,

and Merchandizes, to be used and employed in the Robert Lambert, the Mayor of the said Borough, who Sendee of the Public, by Means whereof the said Ben- Presll j as Returning Officer at the said Election, jamin Lester was incapable of being elected a Burgess ^ejeelcd the Votes ot many Persons who had an unto serve in Parliament for the said Town and County doubted Right to vote, and tendered their Votes for of the Town of Poole; and that the Petitioners con- Petitioner, and admitted many Persons to vote for

ceive themselves greatly injured by the said Return, th,e said Georpj J?amcr *'ho had no Right to vote» and the Measures pursued for procuring the same, 'vrliereb>'the Darner obtained a Majority of

whereby they are deprived of their Right to be repre- ' °tes. upon 1 ie j 0 over t ?e £et, Voner> anc* has been aented in Parliament by the said Afichael Angelo Taulor unjustly returned to serve m Parliament for the said and Robert Kingsmill, who had a Majority of legal and JJorouSh< although not duly elected and although the uncorrupt Votes in their Favour, and ought to have Pet,tIonelhad a Majority of legal Votes over the said

been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give them such Relief as the Nature of their Case may require.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to

George Darner, and ought to have been returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in manifest Injury to the Rights of the Electors, and in open Violation of the Law and Constitution of Parliament:

And therefore praying, That the Freedom of Election

be taken into Consideration at the same Time bf restor6d> and diat be may received as duly

that the said Petition of MM Angdo Taylor, f'",ead of‘he Ocorge Damcr, and that the Esquire, and Robert KingmiU, Esquire, is or- l}ouf? ", U B!1 h sud> othCT Relle‘ «e*ess as dered to be taken into Consideration. the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or OThat the smd Petition be token into Con-Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records as "P" Tuesday, the5thDa, of at

shall he thought necessary, by the several Parties, on Tl'rec o iie Clock ,n the Afternoon.

the Hearing of the Mattel of the said Petitions. A thkc fveral nPJT’r'5!* ’S?meS ‘a

& thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Election —

Then the Names of the Places, to which the Resi- others, Electors of the Borough of , ini the

dueof the said Petitions related, were put into the Glass County was also read; Setting forth. That at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament Order* for the saiu Borough of Dorchester, the Honourable

Cropley Ashley, Francis Fane, Esquire, and the Ho-

A Petition of William Wrightson, Esquire, was nourable George Darner, were Candidates, and Robert read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Bur- Lamber, Gentleman, the Mayor of the said Borough, gesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Down- presided as Returning Officer at the said Election; and ton, in the County of Wilts, Robert Shafto, Esquire, that the said Robert Lambert rejected the Votes of the and the* Petitioner, and the Honourable Bartholomew Petitioners, who had an undoubted Right to vote, and Bouverie, and Sir William Scott, Knight, were Candi- tendered their Votes for the said Cropley Ashley, and dates; and that the said Election came on, at Downton admitted several Persons to vote for the said aforesaid, on the 18th Day of June last, and a Poll Darner, who had no Right to vote, thereby depriving being demanded, the same was taken before Robert the Petitioners of their just Right and Franchise, and Blake, Esquire, who acted as the Returning Officer for by the Means aforesaid the said Geoi'ge Darner has been the said Borough, under an Appointment as Deputy unjustly returned to serve in Parliament for the said to Joseph Elder ton, Esquire, the Steward of the Manor Borough, though not duly elected, and though the said Vol. 46. Cropley

Cropley Ashley had a Majority of legal Votes over the said George Darner, and ought to have been returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in manifest Injury to the Rights of the Petitioners, and in Open Violation of the Law and Constitution of Parlia-tnent: And therefore praying, That the Freedom of Election may be restored, and that the said Cropley Ashley may be received as duly elected, instead of the said George Darner, and that the House will grant the Petitioners such other Relief and Redress as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Orkney and A Petition of Colonel Thomas was read;

Zetland Setting forth, That at the Election of a Representative Flection — in the present Parliament for the Stewartry of Orkney Colonel'uf and Zetland, held at Kirkwall upon the 28th of July Dundas. last, the Petitioner and John Balfour, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said John Balfour has been returned as the Person duly and legally elected the Representative of the said Stewartry in the present Parliament, but the Petitioner contends that the said John Balfour was not duly and legally elected the Representative of the said Stewartry in the present Parliament, and that the Petitioner was the Person who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned the Representative of the said Stewartry in the present Parliament; and that the Election and Return of the said John Balfour were procured by and through the Means of various and sundry illegal, unwarrantable, unconstitutional, and corrupt Acts and Measures practised and pursued by the said John Balfour, and his Agents and Friends, and particularly, First, by not striking the Names of sundry Persons out of the Roll of Freeholders of the said Stewartry, and by taking and accepting their Totes- in the said Election, although by Law they were not entitled to have remained on the said Roll of Freeholders, or to have voted in the said Election; and, Secondly, by inrolling other Persons as Freeholders, and taking and accepting their Votes in the said Election, although by Law they were not entitled to have been inrolled as Freeholders, or to have voted in the said Election; and that the said John Balfour, Esquire, and his Agents, some of whom voted as Freeholders for him, did promise to other Freeholders certain considerable Sums of Money, Pensions, or Offices, on Condition of their voting for the said John Balfour, Esquire; and that the Petitioner had the Suffrages of the Majority of the Freeholders of the said Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, who by Law were entitled to vote in the Election, and therefore ought to have been,declared duly elected, and to have been returned as the Representative in Parliament for the said Stewartry: And therefore praying the House to take this his Petition into their Consideration, and to give him such Relief in the Premises as to them may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 7th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Newcastle A Petition of Thomas Fletcher and Clement Kynnersley,

under Lyme Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That at the last

Petition of Election for the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in

Mr. Fletcher the County of Stafford, the Petitioners, and the Ho-

and Mr. nourable John Leveson Grower, and Sir Archibald Mac-Kyuaersley.

donald, Knight, His Majesty’s Attorney General, were Candidates, and Samuel Hatton, William Hyatt, and Thomas Bloore, were the Mayor and Bailiffs, and the Returning Officers for the said Borough; and that the said John Leveson Gozvcr and Sir Archibald Macdonald, at and before the said Election, were, by themselves and their Agents, guilty of various Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and did, by themselves and „ their Agents, bribe and corrupt a great many Electors of the said Borough to vote for them the said John Leveson Gowei' and Sir Archibald Macdonald at the said Election; and that the said Samuel Hatton, William Hyatt, and Thomas Bloore, were the known and avowed Agents and Partizans of the said John Leveson and Sir Archibald Macdonald at the said Election, and did at the said Election partially, illegally, and unjustly reject a great many legal Votes which were tendered for the Petitioners, and receive a great Number of illegal Votes in Favour,of the said John Leveson Gower and Sir Archibald Macdonald, whereby a colourable Majority was procured on the Poll in Favour of the said John Leveson Gower and Sir Archibald Macdonald, and the said Returning Officers did, at the Close of the Poll, declare the said John Leveson Gower and Sir Archibald Macdonald to be duly elected, and have accordingly returned them as Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, whereas the Petitioners had a great Majority of legal Votes at the said Election, and were duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant them such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 12th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Honourable William Gordon, com- Horsham monly called Lord William Gordon, and James l^ction-

Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Elec- Lora svllham tion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Bo- Gordon ai d rough of Horsham, in the County of which was Mr. liaiil.e.

held at the said Borough on Saturday, the 19th Day of June last, the Petitioners, and Timothy Shelley and son Braddyll, Esquires, were Candidat?s; and that at

the said Election Drew Mitchell and John the Bailiffs and Returning Officers of the said Borough, who had been nominated or appointed to the said Office of Bailiffs by Thomas Charles Medwin, as Steward of his Grace Charles Duke of Norfolk, Lord of the Manor and Borough of Horsham aforesaid, acted with gross Injustice and Partiality in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll; and that the said Bailiffs, on a Poll being demanded, appointed the said Thomas Charles Mcdwin, and one James Robertson, his Clerk, to be their Poll Clerks, for taking the Poll at the said Election, although the said Thomas Charles Medwin was the known Partizan and Agent of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll; and that at the said Election a great Majority of the lawful Electors of the said Borough offered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioners, the said Lord William Gordon and James Baillie, but the said Bailiffs and Returning Officers, in direct Violation of the Right of Election in the said Borough, as established by the last Determination of the House of Commons, rejected the Votes of such Majority, and received the Votes of divers Persons in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and the said Returning Officers did thereby procure a colourable Majority on the Poll, in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll; and th^t the said Thomas Charles Medwin was guilty of

great

1

tlorsham Election — Petition of Electors.

Plymouth Election — Petition of Mr. Mac-bride.

31 Geo. III.

3° Decembris.

&9

great Partiality and Misconduct in taking the Poll as of Members to serve in this present Parliament for Poll Clerk at the said Election; and that the said Re- the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; turning Officers having in Manner aforesaid procured and that the Petitioner had a considerable Majority of such colourable Majority in Favour of the said Timothy the legal Freemen, and Persons legally entitled to Shelley and Wilson Braddyll, they have returned them their Freedom, of the said Borough, above the said as duly elected, whereas the Petitioners were duly Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, and ought, together with elected, and ought to have been returned: And there- the said Alan Gardner, Esquire, to have been returned, fore praying, That the House would take the Premises but that John Esquire, the Mayor and Return-

into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein ing Officer of the said Borough, acted in a partial as to the House shall seem meet. Manner, by rejecting the Votes of many Persons iri

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- Favour of the Petitioner, who had a legal Right to sideration upon Thursday, the 14th Day of April next, vote, and who actually tendered their Votes for him, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. and by admitting many Persons to poll for the said. Sir

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Frederick Leman Rogers, who were not legally entitled unto subscribed, being lawful Electors of Members to to vote at the said Election; and that the said Sir serve in Parliament for the Borough of Horsham, in the Frederick Leman Rogers, by himself and his Agents, County of Sussex, was also read; Setting forth, That before and since the said Election, was guilty of at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament Bribery, and other undue and unwarrantable Practices, for the said Borough, which was held at the said in order to procure himself to be returned, by Means Borough on Saturday, the 19th Day of June last, the whereof, and by the partial and improper Conduct of Right honourable Lord Jf'illiam Gordon, James Baillie, the said Returning Officer, the said Sir Frederick Leman

Esquire, Timothy Shelley, Esquire, and Wilson Braddyll, Rogers obtained a colourable Majority upon the Poll, Esquire, were Candidates; and that at the said Elec- and was returned as duly elected, to the manifest tion Drew Mitchell and JohnRaxclison, the Bailiffs Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of

and Returning Officers of the said Borough, who had the Rights of the legal Voters of the said Borough, been nominated or appointed to the said Office of and of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Election Bailiffs by Thomas Charles Medxcin, as Steward of his of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore Grace Charles Duke of Norfolk, Lord of the Manor praying the House to take the Premises into Con-and Borough of Horsham, acted with gross Injustice sideration, and that he may have such Relief therein and Partiality in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley as to the House shall seem lit.

and Wilson Braddyll; and that the said Bailiffs, on a Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

Poll being demanded, appointed the said Thomas sideration upon Tuesday, the 19th Day of next, Charles Medxcin, and one James Robertson, his Clerk, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,

to be their Poll Clerks for taking the Poll at the said , That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

Election, although the said Thomas Charles MedxoinWarrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as

was the known Partizan and Agent of the said Timothy shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on Shelley and Wilson Braddyll; and that at the said the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Election a great Majority of the lawful Electors of the

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

said Borough offered their Votes in Favour of the said Lord William Gordon and James Baillie, but the said Bailiffs and Returning Officers, in direct Violation of the Right of Election in the said Borough, as established by the last Determination of the House of Commons, rejected the Votes of the Petitioners, and of divers other lawful Electors of the said Borough, who tendered their Votes for the said Lord William Gordon and the said James Baillie, and received the Votes of divers Persons in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley and Wilson Braddyll, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and the said Returning Officers "*r* Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the did thereby procure a colourable Majority on the Poll House, by His Majesty s Command,

in Favour of the said Timothy Shelley and WilsonCoW of the Declaration and Counter-Declaration, Declaration. Braddyll; and that the said Thomas Charles MedxcinslSned and exchanged at Madrid, the 24th of July and Conven-was guilty of great Partiality and Misconduct in taking *790, by His Majesty’s Ambassador and the Minister ‘lon w^ , the Poll as Poll Clerk at the said Election; and that °* dlC King of Spain; and Translation: And also, Accounts of the said Returning Officers having in Manner aforesaid Copy die Convention between His Majesty and Expences of procured such colourable Majority in Favour of the dl.e Ning of Spain, signed at The the 2i>th the late Ar-

said Timothy Shelley and Wilson 'Braddyll, they have ot‘ Oc 1790; and Translation: And also, mament pre-

returned them as duly elected, whereas the said Lord An Account, as far as the same can be made up, 'encea‘ William Gordon and James Baillie were duly elected, of the Expences occasioned by the Augmentation and and ought to have been returned: And therefore Equipment of His Majesty’s Naval Forces, on the praying, That the House would take the Premises into late Armament: And also,

Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to An Account of the Charges incurred by the late the House shall seem meet Armament, so far as the same can at present be made

up at the War Office ’: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Expence incurred by the Office of His Majesty’s Ordnance, on Account of

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or die la^e Armament.

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as And the Titles of the said Papers and Accounts were

shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on read, the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of John Macbride, Esquire, was read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner, together with Alan Gardner, Esquire, and Sir Frederick Leman Rogers,

Baronet, were Candidates at the last General Election Vol. 46.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session: And the said Translations, Accounts, and Paper, are as followeth;

viz.

TRANSLATION

Declarations and Convention with Spain.

TRANSLATION of the Declaration and Counter-Declaration, signed and exchanged at Madrid,the 24th Day of July 1790, by His Majesty’s Ambassador, and the Minister of the King of Spain.

DECLARATION.

His Britanruck Majesty having complained of the

Capture of certain Vessels belonging to His Subjects in the Port of Nootka, situated on the North-West Coast of America, by an Officer in the Service of the King, the under-signed Councillor and Principal Secretary of State to his Majesty, being thereto duly authorized; declares, in the Name, and by the Order of his said Majesty, That he is willing to give Satisfaction to His Britanruck Majesty for the Injury of which He has complained; fully persuaded that His said Britannick Majesty would act in the same Manner towards the King, under similar Circumstances; and his Majesty further engages to make full Restitution of all the British Vessels which we^e captured at Nootka, and to indemnify the Parties interested in those Vessels for the Losses which they shall have sustained, as soon as the Amount thereof shall have been ascertained.

It being understood that this Declaration is not to preclude or prejudice the ulterior Discussion of any Right which his Majesty may claim, to form an exclusive Establishment at the Port of Nootka.

In Witness whereof I have signed this Declaration, and sealed it with the Seal of my Arms. At Madrid, the 24th of July 1790.

(L. S.) Signed, Le Comte de Florida Blanca.

COUNTER-DECLARATION.

His Catholick Majesty having declared that he was willing to give Satisfaction for the Injury done to the King, by the Capture of certain Vessels belonging to His Subjects in the Bay of , and the Count de Florida Blanca having signed, in the Name, and by the Order, of his Catholic Majesty, a Declaration to this Effect, and by which his said Majesty likewise engages to make full Restitution of the Vessels so captured, and to indemnify the Parties interested in those Vessels for the Losses they shall have sustained; the under-signed Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of His Majesty to the Catholick King, being thereto duly and expressly authorized, accepts the said Declaration in the Name of the King; and declares, that His Majesty will consider this Declaration, together with the Performance of the Engagements contained therein, as a full and entire Satisfaction for the Injury of which His Majesty has complained.

The under-signed declares, at the same Time, that H is to be understood, that neither the said Declaration signed by Count Florida Blanca, nor the Acceptance thereof by the under-signed, in the Name of the King, is to preclude or prejudice, in any Respect, the Right which his Majesty may claim to any Establishment, which his Subjects may have formed, or should be desirous of forming in future, at the said Bay of Nootka.

In Witness whereof I have signed this Counter-Declaration, and sealed it with the Seal of my Arms. At Madrid, the 24th of July 1790.

(L. S.) Signed,

TRANSLATION of the Convention, between His Majesty and the King of Spain, signed at The Escurial, the 28th of October 1790.

Their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, being desirous of terminating, by a speedy and solid Agreement, the Differences which have lately arisen between the Two Crowns, have judged that the best Way of attaining this salutary Object would be that of an amicable Arrangement; which, setting aside all retrospective Discussion of the Rights and Pretensions of the Two Parties, should fix their respective Situation for the future on a Basis conformable to their true Interests, as well as to the mutual Desire with which their said Majesties are animated, of establishing with each other, in every Thing, and in all Places, the most perfect Friendship, Harmony, and good Correspondence. In this View they have named and constituted for their Plenipotentiaries; to wit, on the Part of His Britannick Majesty, Alleyne Fitz-Herbert, Esquire, One of His said Majesty’s Privy Council in Great Britain and Ireland, and His Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to his Catholick Majesty; and, on the Part of his Catholick Majesty, Don Joseph Monino, Count of Florida Blanca, Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Spanish Order of Charles the Third, Councillor of State to his said Majesty, and his Principal Secretary of State, and of the Dispatches; who, after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers* have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I.

It is agreed, That the Buildings and Tracts of Land, situated on the North-West Coast of the Continent of North America, or on Islands adjacent to that Continent, of which the Subjects of His Britannick Majesty were dispossessed, about the Month of 1789, by a Spanish Officer, shall be restored to the said British Subjects.

Article II.

And further, That a just Reparation shall be made, according to the Nature of the Case, for all Acts of Violence or Hostility, which may have been committed, subsequent to the Month of April 1789, by the Subjects of either of the contracting Parties against the Subjects of the other; and that, in case any of the said respective Subjects shall, since the same Period, have been forcibly dispossessed of their Lands, Buildings, Vessels, Merchandize, or other Property whatever, on the ' said Continent, or on the Seas or Islands adjacent, they shall be re-established in the Possession thereof, or a just Compensation shall be made to them for the Losses which they shall have sustained.

Article III.

And, in order to strengthen the Bonds of Friendship, and to preserve in future a perfect Harmony and good Understanding between the Two contracting Parlies, It is agreed, That their respective Subjects shall not be disturbed or molested, either in navigating or carrying on their Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, or in the South Seas, or in landing on the Coasts of those Seas, in Places not already occupied, for the Purpose of carrying on their Commerce with the Natives of the Country, or of making Settlements there; the whole subject, nevertheless, to the Restrictions and Provisions specified in the Three following Articles.

Article IV.

His Britannick Majesty engages to take the most effectual Measures to prevent the Navigation and Fishery of His Subjects in the Pacific Ocean, or in the South Seas, from being made a Pretext for illicit Trade with the Spanish Settlements; and, with this View, it is moreover expressly stipulated, that British Subjects shall not navigate, or carry on their Fishery, in the said Seas, within the Space of Ten Sea Leagues from any Part of the Coasts already occupied by Spain.

Article V.

It is agreed, That, as well in the Places which are to be restored to the British Subjects, by virtue of the First Article, as in all other Parts of the North-ri Western

3° Decembris.

31 Geo. III.

Western Coasts of North America, or of the Islands adjacent, situated to the North of the Parts of the said Coasts already occupied by Spain, wherever the Subjects of either of the Two Powers shall have made Settlements since the Month of April 1789* or shall hereafter make any> the Subjects of the other shall have free Access, and shall carry on their Trade without any Disturbance or Molestation.

Article VI.

It is further agreed, with respect to the Eastern and Western Coasts of South America, and to the Islands adjacent, That no Settlement shall be formed hereafter, by the respective Subjects, in such Parts of those Coasts as are situated to the South of those Parts of the same Coasts, and of the Islands adjacent, which are already occupied by Spain: Provided that the Said respective Subjects shall retain the Liberty of landing on the Coasts and Islands so situated, for the Purposes of their Fishery, and of erecting thereon Huts, and other temporary Buildings, serving only for those Purposes.

Article VII.

In all Cases of Complaint or Infraction of the Articles

31

of the present Convention, the Officers of either Party, without permitting themselves previously to commit any Violence or Act of Force, shall be bound to make an exact Report of the Affair, and of its Circumstances, to their respective Courts, who will terminate such Differences in an amicable Manner.

Article VIII.

The present Convention shall be ratified and confirmed in the Space of Six Weeks, to be computed from the Day of its Signature, or sooner, if it can be done.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-signed Plenipotentiaries of their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, have, in their Names, and in virtue of our respective full Powers, signed the present Convention, aid set thereto the Seals of our Arms.

Done at the Palace of SLaurence, the 28 th of October 1790.

Alleyne Fit z-Herbert. El Conde de Florida.

(L. S.) (L S.)

Navy Office, 3d 1 An ACCOUNT, as far as the same can be made up, of the Expences occasioned by the Account of December 1790. J Augmentation and Equipment of His Majesty’s Naval Forces on the late Armament, up to llie ,ate Ar* the 11th November 1790: Prepared pursuant to the Directions of the Right honourable mament-the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, signified in Mr. s Letter, dated the 1st December 1790; viz'.

NATURE or the EXPF.NCES.

AMOUNT.

Money imprested for the immediate purchasing at Market a Quantity of Hemp, in Addition to the Provision made for that Article by the Annual Contracis -

D*--for the Purchase of a 38 Gun Frigate -

Freight of Transports hired for Six Months certain

Freight and other Charges of Vessels taken up for Tenders for Six Months certain Freight of Storeships taken up for Three Months certain -

Charge of procuring Men on Shore ——

Imprest to pay Bounty to Seamen and Landmen ——

Imprest to I’arl Howe, to defray Contingent Charges of the Channel Fleet -Charges of Agents Victuallers, appointed at Coi'k and Cowes ..

Charge of fitting and storing His Majesty’s Ships put in Commission on the late Occasion, and of strengthening the Condition of the Guard Ships ordered upon Sea Service, as per Accounts received from the several Dock Yards

Wear and Tear of llie Ships, and Wages to the Men employed therein -

Repairing Frigates in Merchants Yards ——

Twelve Gun Boats ——

Charge of Victualling, according to an Account from the Victualling Board -Expences in the Sick and Hurt Department, according to an Account from those Commissioners ——

Stationers Wares ——

Levy Money of Recruits for the Augmentation of the Marines -

L

£ d.

113,000 ——

7,628 10 —

3Ci2S 5 2 24,876 3 6

820 ——

33,034 18 9

5S,500 -

300 ——

595 1 4

971,842 13 1

444,365 17 ~ 30,912 2 9

3,287 ——

696,830 1 11

10,127 3 —

2,231 11 11 20,622 — —

2,463,521 8 5

V ol. 46.

An

Accounts of the late Armament.

Am ACCOMPT of the Charges incurred by the late Armament, so far as the same can at present be

made up at the War Office.

Expence of the augmented Establishment of the Dragoon Guards, Dragoons, Foot Guards, and Regiments of Foot, and of the Invalids, between the loth and

24th December 1790 - -

L- * d. 137,016 13 10*

Levy Money for the Recruits raised by the Foot Guards beyond their former Establish ment ——

3,696 ——

Slop Clothing for Ditto

1,025 17 4

Expence of the additional Military and Hospital Staff, from the Dates of their respective Appointments ——

2,771 1 2

Expence of extraordinary Marches, and Conveyance of Troops by Sea -

Camp Equipage, Hospital Bedding, and Medicines ——

Bat, Baggage, and Forage, for the Foot Guards ——

On Account for Levy Money, Subsistence, and other Charges, of the Independent Companies, ordered to be raised -

3,000 ——

3.5.000 ——

1,507 10 —

40.000 ——

War Office,

3d December 1790.

Total

224,017

2

5

Geo. Yonge.

EXPENCE incurred by the Office of His Majesty’s Ordnance, on Account of the late Armament.

LAND SERVICE.

Regiment of Artillery and Engineers.

Expence of raising and arming an Augmentation to each of the Forty £ s. d. marching Companies of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, with the Pay of the same, between 21st May and 31st December 1790 - - - 12,167 — —

Pay of an Augmentation of One Captain, One Captain Lieutenant, Two First Lieutenants, and One Second Lieutenant, to the Corps of Royal Engineers, from the Dates of their respective Commissions to 31st December 1790 - - - 31254

Arms, Tents, and Ammunition, for the Army.

Arms for the Augmentation to Fifty-eight Battalions of Foot, Thirty-five Companies of the Old Independent Companies of Invalids, and Twelve Independent Companies of £. s. d. Invalids, to be formed from the O^-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital ----- -- 26,346 2 7

Small Arms sent to Portsmouth ----- 1,898----

28,244 2 7

Memm. — As it is supposed most of these Arms will be returned into Store, no Charge is made for them in this Estimate.

Tents for sundry Regiments ordered on Service -

HEW BRUNSWICK:

For Iron Ordnance, Powder, and other Stores -

BERMUDA:

For Carriages, Powder, Shot, and other Store? -

£ * d.

12,479 5 4

7.533 6 9 3.174 14 5

1,220 10 1 ANTIGUA:

GoO£

31 Geo. III. 3b

33

ANTIGUA:

Paid Bills of, Exchange drawn for Works, and Contingencies For Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores -

ST. CHRISTOPHER:

L- *

- 11,174 ——

3,4-22 12 4

Paid Bills of Exchange, drawn for Works, and Contingencies - - 7,111 11 4

For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores, and

also for Powder purchased there - - * - - 10,740 12 4

DOMINICA:

Paid Bills of Exchange, drawn for Works, and Contingencies For Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores -

».54i 17 9

3,213 12 —

Paid Bills of Exchange, drawn for Works, and Contingencies *

For Brass Ordnance, Powder, Small Arms, and other Stores

3."9 1 4x

6,935 8 6

ST. VINCENT:

For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores - -

GRENADA:

For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and pther Stores *

GIBRALTAR:

For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Shot, Shells, Powder, Timber, Coals, and

other Stores, sent - -- - 69,560 16 4

Charge of conveying a Reinforcement of Four Companies of Artillery - 2,035 16 —

Special Service:

For Ordnance and Stores Sent to Portsmouth, to complete a Field and

Battering Train of Artillery, to be in Readiness for Foreign Service - - 23,098 3 7

For Brass Ordnance, Small Arms, Ammunition, and Stores, sent on Foreign

Service ----- ----- - - 2,901 16 5

For Carnages and Stores sent

ALDERNEY:

u «i

TOJVE R:

For Intrenching Tools for Store

For Barrack Bedding sent to

r Chatham - -

Portsmouth -

/ Plymouth - - - 1,

I Jersey ——

L Guernsey -

378 17 8 726 14 3

056 ——

503 1 4

259 11 6

Total of Land Service for the Armament, as far as can at this Time be collected - £.

£. S. d. Accounts of the late

Armament.

14,596 12 4

17,852 3 8

4,755 9 9

10,054 15 10 9,789 2 9

9,914 5 8

71,596 12 4

26,000 ——

103 16 2

3,243 12 6

2,924 4 9 195,238 12 4

FOR THE NAVY:

Ordnance Expences for Naval Services for the Year 1790, as far as they can £. s. d. be collected, up to the 19th of November ----- - 183,237 11 3

Deduct. — The Ordnance Allowance on the Vote for £. s.

20,000 Seamen, for the Year 1790 - 52,000 — —

And also, the probable Exceeding on the above Vote for the Ordinary Service of the Year, which is intended to be asked in an Unprovided, when the Accounts for the Year can be finally adjusted - - 25,000 ——

----- --- ----- - 77,000 — —

Exceeding on Account of the Armament, so for as can at present be ascertained -

Deduct — Received on the Vote of Credit

Total

G. Berkeley. G.

J. Aldridge,

- 106,237 11 3

c 301,476 3 7

150,000

151,476 3 7

Vol. 46.

K Ordered,

Ordered, That the said Papers and Accounts do Ue upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Committee The Order of the Day lreing read, for the House to to consider of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, for Su'0" to cons'der of the Motion made Yesterday, That a ppSupply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to tire said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committefe;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabb(iti, 4* die Decembris;

Anno 31* Georgii II1"* Regis, 1790.

‘ Prayers.

Report from A/TR. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Committee 1.VJL the Committee of the whole House, to whom on the Motion was referred to consider of the Motion made upon

or a t upp y. Thursday jast> That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply he granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Con That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-of Supply ing next, resolve itself into, a Committee of the-whole appointed. House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Estimate*, Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the &c.ordered- Navy for the Year 1791, with an Estimate of the Half-Ordinary Ray of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers

f Navy. of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be

laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what Extra Navy, may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, anil other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1791, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Guards an Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1791, Garmons, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnaoca. Office of Ordnance for Land Serv ice, for the Year 1791, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of Officers, the Officers of the Marines, as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year .1791, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out- Chelsea Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1791, be Pensioner*, laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and Services not not provided for, by Parliament, be laid before this provided for. House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Disposition Account shewing how the Monies given for the Service of Grants, of the Year 1790 have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, List, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aa Accaontof Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Bl *or Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety."

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Exchequer and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to *?* their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, amount to the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand. Pounds.

Exchequer,

the 4th Day o ( December 1790. Rob* Jennings.

Ordered,

Si Geo. III. 4° D

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account of Mr. Steele presented to the House, by His Majesty^ provisioning Command,

itot°andW«t An Account of Money issued to Messieurs Neact

and Aislalne, for the Purchase of Provisions for the Indies, in Troops in the East and (Vest Indies, in Consequence Consequence of the late Armament.

And the Title of the said Account was read*

The said Account is as followed!; viz.

of the late

Armament,

preseated.

ACCOUNT of Money issued to Messrs. and for the Purchase]

of Provisions for the Troops in the East and I Vest Indies, in Consequence of the late!-Armament -J

£.81,099 15 3

Treasury Chambers, December 4th, 1790.

The? Steele.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, oh Behalf to be perused by the Members of the House. of themselves and others. Electors for the Said Borough,

severally complaining of an undue Election and Return Koordingh's Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration Kat. Bill Order, a Bill for naturalizing Christian Noordingh: upon Thursday, the 24th Day of February next, at p«4em«d. And the same was received; and read the First Time. Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the Petition of Charles Mellish and

John Esquires; and also, the Petition of

Daytap- The House was moved, ‘That the several Orders the several Persons whose Names are thereunto sub-pointed fw appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the scribed, being Freeholders of Burgage Tenure within rembTltc- several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, and, ton Petitions Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, for the as such, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament altered. City of Carlisle,in the County of Cumberland; for the for the said Borough, severally complaining of an

County of Stirling; for the Borough of Taunton, in the undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be County of Somerset; for the Borough of Pontefract, in taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 1st Day the County of York; for the City of Exeter; for the of March next, at Three of the Clock in the After-Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon; for noon.

the Borough of Newark, in the County of Nottingham; Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons for the Borough o f Leominster,in the County of Here- whose Names are thereunder written, being Freemen ford;for the District of Boroughs of Haddington, Jed- and Electors of the City of Exeter, complaining of burgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, and Lauder; for the an undue Election and Return for the Said City, be District of Boroughs of Dumfries, Kirkcudbright, Annan, taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 3d Day Lockmabon, and Sanquhar; for the Borough of Ludger- of March next, at Three of the Clock in the After-shall, in the County of Wilts; and for the Bofough of noon.

Colchester, in the County of Essex, might be read. Ordered, That the Petition of William Wilson,

And the said Orders being severally read accord- Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Re-ingly, the same were, on the Question being severally turn for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of put thereupon, ordered to be discharged. be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the

Ordered, That the Petition of John Christian Curwen 8th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires; and also, the Petition Afternoon.

of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto Ordered, That the Petition of William Paxton,

subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Rc-

Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a turn for the Borough of in the County of

Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve hi Nottingham, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, Parliament for the said City, severally complaining the 1 oth Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in . of an undue Election and Return for the said City, be the Afternoon taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 17th Day Ordered, That the Petition of Richard Beckford, of February next, at Three of the Clock in the After- Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons noon. whose Names ate thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of

Ordered, That the Petition of the Freeholders of the themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the County of Stirling, thereunto subscribing; and also, Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, tile Petition of Sir Alexander Campbell, of Ardkinlass, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return Baronet, severally complaining of an undue Election for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon and- Return for the said County, be taken into Con- , the 15th Day of March next, at Three of die

sideration upon Tuesday, the 22d Day of February Clock in the Afternoon.

next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Ordered, That the Petition of William Fullarlon, of

Ordered, That the Petition of John Halliday and Fullarton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election William Morland, Esquires, who were Candidates for and Return for the District of Boroughs of Haddington, the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, at Jedburgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, and Lauder, in the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for Scotland, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, die said Borough, on Behalf of themselves; and also, the 17th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Petition of Joseph Partridge, James Spider, Robert the Afternoon.

Burnell, John Poole, Beitjamin Spiller, James Cotteli, Ordered, That the Petition of Sir James Johnstone, who were Electors for the Borough of Taunton, in the Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return County of Somerset, at the last Election of Burgesser for the District of Boroughs in Scotland of Dumfries,

» Vote 46. Kirkcudbright;

Steyning Election — Petition of Sir John Honywood and Mr. Curtis.

Kirkcudbright, Annan, Lochntabon, and Sanquhar, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 2 2d Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Drummond and Robert Drummond, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the’ several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being legal Electors of Members to Serve in Parliament for the Borough of > in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upen Th, the 24th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the' 29th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum: Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

A Petition of Sir John Honywood, Baronet, and John Curtis, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, the Petitioners, and James Alar tin Lloyd and Henry Howard, Esquires, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners had a very large Majority of the real legal Votes of the said Borough, and were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, the Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said James Martin Lloyd and Henry Howard, by themselves, and their Agents, were guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, in order to get a Majority of Votes at the said Election; and that Thomas Martin, the Constable and Returning Officer for the said Borough, though acquainted with the Rights and Customs of the said Borough, grossly misbehaved himself in deviating therefrom, as well in the Manner of taking the Poll at the said Election, as in the Admission of Persons upon the Poll, and shewed extreme Partiality and improper Conduct in Favour of the said James Martin Lloyd and Henry Howard during the said Election; and that the said Thomas Martin did admit on the Poll for the said James Martin Lloyd and Henry Howard the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected; and that thereby, and by other improper Conduct, a Majority of Votes was improperly received on the Poll for the said James Martin Lloyd and Henry Howard, and they were by him returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Borough of Steyning: And therefore praying the House to take die Premises into Consideration, ana to grant to the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petition, being one of those described in the Third Class, according to the Resolution of the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 15th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken inlQ Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr . Gippspresented to the House, according to.Canterbury Order, a Bill for making a new Road from Roads Bil* *

George’s Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a Place PrMente<1* called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widen-

ing the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom* ing, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 6* die Decembris; v

Anno 31* Georgii III. U Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

D ESOIF ED, That this House will receive no Time limited

Petitions for private Bills after the 25th Day of recelvind February next. Pet, Uons*

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Glasgow Owners of Land in the Counties of Lanark, Ayr, and Road* t*eti-Renfrew,was presented to the House, and read; Set- tion* ting forth, That by an Act passed in the 29th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating the rewith, the said Roads have so far been made and repaired, and certain of the Trustees appointed by the said Act have engaged with, and become personally bound to Contractors for carrying on the same, but from the great Expence which has been necessarily incurred in executing of these Roads, and which very considerably exceeds the Estimates originally made, it is found that the Borrowing Clause contained in the said Act, which only empowers the Trustees to take upon Loan the Sum of £.0,500 Sterling, for the Purposes of the Act, will tall greatly short of the real Expence, which renders it necessary that the said Borrowing Clause should be enlarged, and the Tolls granted by the said Act augmented; and that, in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was passed for making and repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, particularly a Road from the East Side of the Entry to the new Bridge over Clyde, at Glasgow, on the Paisley Loan, by the Village of Gorbals, to the Chapel of , which

*Road has been made and repaired, but tire same cannot be upheld and kept in Repair, -and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are enlarged; and that the Road from the said Chapel of Cambuslang to Bumbank, where it joins the high Road from the Town of Hamilton, leading towards Eaglesham (being the Continuation of the Road from Glasgow by the Village of Cambuslang) is in bad Repair, inconvenient for Travellers, and dangerous for Carriages, and it would be of public Utility if the same was made and kept in Repair; and that the said Road from the City of Glasgow by the Chapel of Cambuslang, and the aforesaid Road from the said City to Muirkirk, are naturally connected with one another, there being several Miles of the Road from the said City common to both, and the same

Persons

&1 Geo. III. 6° Decem. 3

Persons who are Trustees upon the one Road happen tioners insist that the said Afaj’or had nd Right to ako to be in general Trustees upon the other Road, exercise the said Office of Returning Officer, but ou So that it would be for the Benefit of both Roads that the contrary illegally usurped the same, and also that the Funds and Powers respecting each of them were the Majority of legal Voters, who tendered themselves conjoined, and put under one Set of Management: at such pretended Poll, offered their Votes in Favour And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to of the Petitioners; and that the said Sheriff has an-bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of nexed to his Writ, and returned as Part thereof, as the Acts above recited, and other Purposes ‘ above* well the said last mentioned Return so made by the mentioned. said Mayor, as the said Return so as aforesaid made by

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the said Portreeve: And therefore praying, That the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do House will, in Consideration of the Premises, direct examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as the Clerk of the Crown to take off from the File of , it shall appear to them, to the House: the Returns made to this present Parliament the Re-

And it is referred to Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Andrew turn so made by the said Mayor, whereby the Return, Stuart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom- made by the said Portreeve in Favour of the Peti-ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; tioners, may remain, and be adjudged to be the only and have Power to send lor Persons, Papers, and true and legal Return, and the Petitioners be declared Records. to be duly elected Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, and that the House Jill for the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to may grant to the Petitioners such further Relief as to

Custody and pr0viue for the Custody and Employment of Offenders the House shall seem meet

Wenders' *n CCI ta*n Canes, and for the Regulation of the Places v Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

wdertd. ’ »n which such Offenders may be confined: And that sideration upon Thursday, the 3d Day of February next,

Mr. Jekyll, Mr. Phelips, Mr. Powys, and Sir Charles at the same Time that the Petition of John St. Leger

Banbury, do prepare, and bring in, the same. and Ladbroke is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

boveridge A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Jntlosure Bill Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within aumtied. t])e parjsh of Doveridge, alias in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JVal-pole, Lord George Cavendish, And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Okehampton A Petition of John IVdliam Anderson, Esquire, and Election — John Town son, Esquire, was delivered in at the 'Fable, Jdr°Ander- an^ read; Setting forth, That at the last General tonindMr. Election for Members to serve in tin’s present Parlia-fowwon. ment for the Borough of ,in the County of Devon, John St. Leger, Esquire, llobert Ladbroke, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that, at the same Election, John Ilawkes, Portreeve of the saiil Borough, was, by virtue of his said Office of Portreeve, the only legal Returning Officer for the same, and as such duly proceeded to such Election, when a Poll having been demanded, the same was duly taken, and thereupon a Majority of legal Voters gave their Votes in Favour of the Petitioners, who accordingly were declared by the said Portreeve duly elected, and by him returned as such to Peter Perring, Esquire, Sheriff of the said County: and that Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore, Esquire, Mayor of the said Borough, pretending, by v irtue of his said Office of Mayor, to be the Returning Officer of the said Borough, illegally possessed himself of the Precept issued by the said Sheriff, and still further pretending to be, and acting as, such Returning Officer, proceeded to the Election, whereupon a Poll having been likewise demanded and taken, a Majority of legal Voters of the said Borough tendered their Votes to the said Mayor in Favour of the Petitioners, several of whom were, by the said Mayor, illegally rejected, and several other Persons, not being legal Voters of the said Borough, nor having any just Claim thereto, were, by the said Mayor, received as Voters on Behalf of the said John St. Leger and Robert Ladbroke;and that the said John St. Leger and Robert Ladbroke were guilty of many Acts of Bribery and Corruption in the Course of the Election of Members for the said Borough, by Means whereof, and of oilier unjust Practices, an illegal and colourable Majority appeared in Favour of the said John St. Leger and Robert Ladbroke, who, under Pretence thereof, were by the said Mayor declared duly elected, and as such returned by him to the said Sheriff whereas the Petj-Vot. 4ti.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The Order of* the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Supply, consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Accoantof Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed ^uu^eferred. in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions;, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

t

7

° Decembris,

A. 1790.

Answer to Address.

Bill for the Custody and Employment of Offenders, presented.

Biggleswade Hoads Bill presented.

Mart is, T die Decembris;

Anno 318 Georgii III'* Regis, 179®*

Prayers.

The Earl of Courtawn reported to the House, That their Address of Saturday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, List, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Earl Ludlow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, and the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and to the Top of

Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road at or near the Ferry House, in the

give Money, and other Rewards, to the said Voters, to vote for him; and that the said Robert the

Returning Officer, during the Poll, conducted himself With manifest Partiality towards the said George Tempter, and under the undue Influence, and by unconstitutional Interference of the said George Tempter, and his Friends and Agents, did illegally admit to vote for the said George Tempter a great Number of Persons who had no Right to vote at such Election, and reject a great many legal Votes which were tendered for the Petitioner, and, by other undue and corrupt Means, did procure a colourable Majority for the said Gcoi'gc Tempter, and hath returned the said George Tempter as one of the Representatives for the said Borough, whereas a Majority of legal Votes were given or tendered for the Petitioner, and the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And there-, fore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 3d Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Beal and Kel-lingley Inclosure Bill committed.

A Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, was read; Sesford Elec-Setting forth, That on Saturday, the 19th Day of l!on — Peli* June 1790, an Election of Two Barons to serve in £«nofS»r Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the waster.

..... ..... ..... County of Sussex, came on there, at which Election

Parish of Tempsford, to and through i ittleBarford, Petitioner, and John Sargent the Younger, Esquire,

Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at and Richard Paul Jodrell, Esquire, were Candidates; the End of Cross Hall Lane, and from the Turnpike a.nd that the Petitioner was duly chosen, by a Majo-Road in the Parish of Eaton Soken, to the said Turn- TltJ of leg®! Votes, but that Thonuis , Esquire,

pike Road near Saint Neots Bridge: And the same was ho acted as and Returning Officer at the said received; and read the First Time. Election, was guilty of gross Partiality and Injustice

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. towards the Petitioner, by contriving, with divers

other Persons, long before the said Election, to deprive A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common the leSal Electors of the said Town and Port of the duo Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and other Com- Effect of their Right of Voting, and, in order thereto, monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lord- ty exercising an undue Influence to increase the Num-ships or Liberties of Beal, otherwise Beaghall, and Kellmgley, in the Parish of KeUington, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jf ’il-berforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Honiton Election — Petition of Ur. Fraser.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House; the same were delivered in at the Table: And the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order:

A Petition of James Fraser, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, which came on the 18th Day of June last at Honiton aforesaid, the Right honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, George Tempter, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that at the said Election a Poll was demanded and taken before Robert Gidley, Portreeve of the said Borough, and that many unwarrantable Practices were made Use of by the said George Tempter, and other Persons, in his Interest, to procure a colourable Majority for him; and that the said George Tempter was, by his Friends and Agents, before and at the said Election, guilty of gross Bribery and Corruption, as well by giving as by promising to

ber of Freemen, and also of Jurats and Officers of the said Town and Port, by partially appointing Overseers of the Poor, and making and regulating Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and by appointing the Day for holding the said Election at an unusual Length of Time after his receiving a Mandate from the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for proceeding to such Election — by refusing on that Day to proceed to take a Poll, though several good and legal Voters of the said Town and Port tendered themselves to the said Thomas Chambers, and offered to vote for the Petitioner, within the Time allowed by Law, on that Day for taking a Poll — by adjourning the Court of Assembly, held for the Purpose of such Election, from the said 1.9th Day of June to the Monday next following- — by administering, and causing to be administered, to all the Persons who tendered themselves as Voters at the said Election, an unusual Number of Oaths, and by other undue, unjustifiable, and unlawful Ways and Means, procrastinating and continuing the said Election, from Day to Day, until the 26th Day of the said June, for the manifest Intention of permitting several Persons to vote, who pretended to have on that Day, and not before, acquired a Right to vote at the said Election, as Inhabitants Housekeepers paying Scotland Lot within the said Town and Port, and which Persons then exercised such their pretended Right in Favour of the said John Sargent and Richard rdl — by arbitrarily and illegally rejecting the Votes, of several Persons having a Right to vote, and who tendered to vote for the Petitioner, and by admitting

other

Report

Suppljr.

Stamen.

Som for Stamen.

for paying Exchequ tills.

31 Geo. III.

7° — 8° Decembris.

39

other Persons to vote for the said John Sargent Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, and Richard Paul Jodrell who had no legal Right to agreed to by the House, vote; and that the said Thomas Chambers,in many

other Respects, was guilty of unwarrantable Prac- Ordered, That the Copy of the Declaration and Coun- Day appoint-tices, as well previous to as during the said Election, ter-Declaration, signed and exchanged at Madrid, the iu Favour of the said John Sargent and Richard Paul 24th of July 1790, by His Majesty’s Ambassador and Declarations, Jodrell; and that several Persons, who voted for the the Minister of the King of Spain', and Translations: and Conven-’ said John Sargent and Richard Paul Jodrell had pre- And hIso, the Copy of the Convention between His tion with viously asked, received, and taken Money, and other Majesty and the King of Spain, signed at 'The Escurial, Spaln'

Rew ard, and had agreed and contracted for Money, the 28th of October 1790; and Translation (which were

presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon Friday last, by His Majesty’s Command) be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Gift, and Reward, to give their Votes in the said Election, and bad been guilty of other illegal and coirupt 1‘radices, by Means whereof their Votes so given' are, and ought to be declared to be, void; and that the said John Sargent and Richard Paul Jodrell, by themselves, or some Person or Persons employed by them, or One of them, did, by Gift or Reward, and

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom- Committee ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, w«ysan<

AMMO 0

by Promise, Agreement, or Security for Gilt and Re- to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply ward, coirupt and procure se veral Persons to give granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

their Votes in the said Election; and that by these and other undue Means the said John Sargent and Richard Paul Jourelt procured themselves to be returned to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, in Prejudice of the Petitioner (who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned) in Prejudice of the legal Electors of the said Town and Port, and in Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Election: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 5th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty utwn* shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the King the Second, intituled, "An Act for opening

Mercurii, 8* d Decembris;

Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 179®-

Prateks.

A PETITION of the Trustees for putting in Soothwark Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Roads Pe-

Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the

" and making a new Road from the East End of New " Street, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, to and " through the several Places therein mentioned, and " for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future;" and also, another Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for several Parties; accompanied with Orders for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the 9aid their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, Act, and for repairing several Roads adjoining to the or Agents, at the Times on which the said said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

was.presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the 'lrustees for putting the said Acts in Execution have opened and made a new Road, pursuant to the Directions of the said first-mentioned Act, and upon the Credit thereof have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been expended in making the said Road,

several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read and keeping the same, and the several other Roads in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s mentioned in the said Acts, in Repair; nevertheless, Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow- the said Roads cannot be effectually kept in Repair, eth and amended, according to the true Intent and Mean-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ing of the said Acts, and the Monies advanced on the That Twenty-four thousand Men be employed for the Credit thereof be re-paid, unless the Term thereby

granted be enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual; and that the Petitioners find it necessary to erect a Gate on Rotherhithe li all, to prevent the frau-

dulent Evasion of the Tolls: And therefore praying,

Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, including Four thousand Eight hundred Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for enlarging Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Twenty-four the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act, and for thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, iucluding Ordnance explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the for Sea Service. same, in such Manner and Method as to the House shall

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, seein meet, and for granting Power to the Petitioners to That the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand erect the uloresaid Gate.

Pounds he granted to 11 is Majesty, for paying off and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the discharging the Exchequer Hills made out by virtue of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, inti- mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall

tuled, " An Act for raising a certuin Sum of Money by " Loans or Exchequer Rills, for the Service of the Year

" One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety," and

0

charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Vol. 46.

appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Russell, Mr. Wil-

liam Clement Finch, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are toreof West- thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in minster, re- Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, specting the was. delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, Election That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that the Select Committee, lately appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland, and also, a Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, severally complaining of an undue Election for the said City and Liberty, did, on the 6th Day of July 1789, report to this House,

" That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that " the Merits of the Petitions did, in Part, depend " upon the Right of Election; the Parties were therefore required to deliver in Statements, in Writing,

" of the Right of Election for which they respectively " contended: That; in Consequence thereof, the Petitioner, Lord Hood, delivered in a Statement, as " follows: — " The Petitioner, Lord ,states the " Right of Election for the City and Liberty of " minster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying " Scotland Lot, within the United Parishes of Saint " Margaret and Saint and th/s several Parishes of " Saint Paul Cement Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James,

" Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of " Martin le Grand in the County of Middlesex, and in " so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields,

" Saint Clement Danes, and Mary le Strand, as " are not within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, called The Temple " Bar Ward, The Royal Ward, The Middle Ward, and " Precinct oj the Savoy; " that the Electors Petitioners " delivered in a Statement, as follows — "The Electors Petitioners state, That the Right of Election " for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the In- ' " habitants, Householders paying Scotland Lot,

' " within the United Parishes of Saint Margaret and " Saint John, in the several Parishes of Saint Paul " vent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, Saint George " Hammer Square, in the Liberty of Martin le " Grand in the County of Middlesex, and in so much " of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint " Clement Danes, and Saint Alary le Strand, as are not " within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the " Dutchy of Lancaster, called The Temple Bar Ward, " The Royal Ward, The Middle Ward, and Precinct of " the Savoy," that the Sitting Member, Lord John " Tawnshend, delivered in a Statement, as follows V — " The Right of Election is in the Inhabitants, " Householders of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and " Saint John, Saint George Hanover Square, Saint James " Westminster, Saint Alar tin in the Fields, Saint Clement " Danes, Saint Alary le Strand, Saint Maty le Savoy, " Saint Paul Cocent Garden, Saint Ann Soho, and the " District of Saint Martin le Grand — That, upon the " Statement delivered in by the Petitioners, the said " Select Committee have determined, " That the Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster " is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scot " and Lot, within the United Parishes of Alargaret and Saint John, and the several Parishes of " Saint Paul Cement Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, " Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of " Alartin le Grand in the County of Middlesex, imd in " so much of the Parishes of Alartin in the

" Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Alary le Strand,

> " as are not within any of the Four Wards of the Li-

" berty of the Dutchy of Lancaster" — That, upon the " Statement delivered in by the Sitting Member, the " Committee have determined, " That the Right of " Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not " the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty u of Westminster-," and that the Petitioners are advised* and humbly insist, that the Right of Election,

which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is not the ancient and true Right of Election for the said City and Liberty: And therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election which has been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of the Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consi. deration upon Monday, the 28th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, a3 shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Alemorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Bill for making a new Road from Saint George's Canterbury Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called Gut- Roads Kill teridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the conun‘u, J* present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Honyzooood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of Baldwin Duppa, heretofore called Duppa'* Baldwin Hancorn, Esquire, was presented to the House, Na,»? and read; Setting forth, That Baldzvin Duppa, late of Ketition, Hollingborne, in the County of Kent, deceased, by his last Will and Testament gave and devised certain Estates to the Petitioner’s Brother, Richard Duppa, then-tofore called Richard Hancorn, and to his First and every other Son in Tail, with divers Remainders over, on Condition that the said Richard Hancorn, and every other Person who should become entitled to any Estate under the said Will, should, upon taking Possession thereof, take and use the Surname of Duppa only, and also bear the Arms of Duppa; and that by the Decease of the said Richard Duppa without Issue, the Petitioner is, by virtue of the said Will, become entitled to and possessed of the said Estates thereby devised as aforesaid;

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, mid his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Duppa only, and also to bear the Arms of Duppa.

Ordered, That Leave be given'to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Honywood and Mr. Gipps do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House; the same were delivered in at the Table: And the Names of the Places, to which the said Petitions related were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order:

A Petition of John Ruthcrfurd, of Edgcrsfon, Esquire, i>oxiJUr,n was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of a Election-Representative in Parliament for the County of Petition of burgh,which was held at Jedburgh, on the 24th July j^Rut,itr'

790,

Cirencester KlerUon — Petition of Air. Preston.

31 Geo. III. 8°

1790, the Petitioner and Sir George Douglas, Baronet, Gentleman, Steward, and Joseph Pitt, Gentleman, were Candidates; and that the said Sir George Douglas Bailiff of the said Borough, presided at such Election has been returned, as the Person duly and legally as the Returninw Officers; and that the Petitioner was elected the Representative of the said County of duly elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Roxburgh, in the present Parliament, but the Petitioner said Town and Borough by a Majority of the Persons contends, and undertakes to prove, that the said Sir duly qualified to vote by the Constitution of the said George Douglas was not duly and legally elected the Town and Bototiuh; and that the said Steward and Representative of the said County of Roxburgh in the Bailiff, as such Returning Officers as aforesaid, thought present Parliament, and that the Petitioner was the fit, in Violation of the Constitution of the said Town Person who was duly and legally elected, and ought and Borough, to admit a great Number of Persons to to have been returned the Representative of the said vote for the said Richard Master, who had no Right County of Rorburgh in the present Parliament; and to vote at the said Election, and rejected divers legal, that the Election and Return of the said Sir George Votes which were tendered in Favour of the Poti-. Douglas were procured and obtained by and through tioner; and that, notwithstanding the due Election of the Means of various and sundry illegal, un- the Petitioner as aforesaid, the Said Steward and Bailiffj, warrantable, unconstitutional, and corrupt Acts and under the Colour of a pretended Majority of Votes. Measures practised and' pursued by the said Sir thus illegally admitted, have unduly returned die said.

George Douglas himself and his Agents and Friends Richard Master, as One of the Burgesses elected to.

— First, in the Election of the Preses of the said Elec- represent the said Town and Borough in Parliament, tion Meeting on the 24th July last — Secondly, by to the Injury of the Persons entitled to vote by the striking the Names of several of the Freeholders out Constitution of the said Town and Borough, and of the of the Roll of Freeholders, and refusing or not taking Petitioner, who was duly elected by a legal Majority, their Votes in the said Election, although they were of Votes, ami oimht to have been returned to serve by Law' entitled to have remained upon the Roll of in Parliament for the said Town arid Borough: And Freeholders, and to have given their Votes in the said therefore praying. That the House will take the Pre-Election — Thirdly, by not striking the Names of certain mises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief other Persons out of the said Roll of Freeholders, a-> the Justice of his Case requires, and as to the House

and by taking and accepting their Votes in the said shall see n nuet.

Election, although by I,aw they were not entitled to Ordered, That the said Petition he taken into Con-have remained on the said Roll of Freeholders, or to sideration upon Thursday, the 12th Day of May next, have voted in the said Election — Fourthly, by refusing to at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

infoll several Freeholders, who claimed to he inrolled That Mr Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

as Freeholders Of the said County, and who by Law V arrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as were entitled to have been inrolled, and to have voted shall he thought necessary, by the several Parlies, on in the said Election — Fifthly, by inrolling other Persons die Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, as Freeholders, and taking and accepting their Votes

in die said Election, although by Law they were not A Petition of William Smith, Esquire, a Candidate Sudbury entitled to have been inrolled as Freeholders, or to at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament Election — have voted in the said Election — And Sixthly, by for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk,

Aleans of a corrupt Bargain and Agreement entered was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, John into between the said Sir George Douglas and One or Pardoe, Esquire, Thomas LL. D. and John

more of the Freeholders and Electors of the said County, Core Esquire, were Candidates at the last

destructive of the Freedom of Ejection and the Rights Election of Burgesses to represent the said Borough of Parliament; and that by Means of these and various in Parliament; and that a Poll, having been duly de-other illegal, unwarrantable, unconstitutional, and cor- mantled, was accordingly taken, and Joseph Humphreys, rupt Acts and Practices, the Election and Return of the Mayor of the said Borough, presided at the said the said Sir George Douglas, as Representative in Election and Poll as Returning Officer, and acted Parliament for the said County of Roxburgh, has been with gross Partiality in Favour of the said John Coxe obtained and procured, whereas the Petitioner contends Hippisley, both before and during the Poll, and ad-and insists that he ought to have been declared duly mitted many Persons to vote for the said John Coxe elected, and ought to have been returned as Represen- Hippisley who had 110 legal Titles to vote, and rejected tative in Parliament for the said County of Roxburgh, many Persons duly qualified to vote, and who actually as he had the Suffrages and Votes of the greatest tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and that the Number and Majority of the Freeholders of the said Majority of legal Votes was in Favour of the Peti-County, who by Law were entitled to vote in the tioner, but that the said Joseph Humphreys, by the Election of the Preses of the said Meeting, and also Aleans aforesaid, and by other corrupt and un war-in the Election of a Representative in Parliament for rantable Practices, gave a colourable Majority on the the said County of Roxburgh: And therefore praying Poll to the said John Coxe Hippisley above the Peti-the House to take this his Petition into their Consi- tioner, and, under Pretence thereof, took upon him-deration, and to give him such Relief in the Premises self to return the said John Coxe Hippisley as duly as to them may seem meet elected One of the Members to serve in Parliament for

Ordered, That the said Petition lie taken into Con- the said Borough, whereas the said Joseph Humphreys sideration upon Tuesday, the 10th Day of May next, ought to have returned the Petitioner as duly elected at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. and that the said John Coxe Hippisley, by himself, or his

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Agents, gave or promised Money, or other Rewards, to Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as many of the Persons claiming to vote at the said Election, shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on and by such Means, and other corrupt Practices, the Hearing of the Alatter of the said Petition. procured himself to be returned to serve in Parliament

for the said Borough: And therefore praying, That he A Petition of Robert Preston, Esquire, was read; may be heard by his Counsel, and have such Relief in Setting forth. That at the last General Election of the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town and Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, sideration upon Tuesday, the 17th Day of May next, at the Right honourable Henry Bathurst, commonly called Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Lord Apstey, and Richard Master, Esquire, and the OrdereThat Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

Petitioner, were Candidates, and John Chaunler Ready, Warrants, lor such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Vox- 4fi. AI shall

8° Decembris.

A. 179Q.

shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Orkney and A Petition of Charles Lines, Clerk to His Majesty’s

Zetland Signet, Gilbert Meason, Esquire, of , Captain

Petition of AlexanderGramc, of Greai\call, Malcolm Laing, Esquire,

Freeholders. Advocate, Sir Thomas Dundas, of Kerse, Baronet, and of Charles Dundas, Esquire, being Freeholders of the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, Anno 1681, Cap. 21, it was enacted as follows: " And to the Effect that. " sufficient Advertisement may be given to all Parties " having Vote in Election, who are to elect at the " Calling of a Parliament, or Convention, the Sheriffs " and Stewarts are hereby ordained to make Publication of the Call and Diet of the said Parliament " and Convention, and of the Diet appointed for " Election, and that at the Head Burgh of the Shire " or Stewartry, upon a Mercate Day, betwixt Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, and also shall make " the like Intimation at each Parish Kirk on Sunday " immediately thereafter;" and that, by the Writ issued upon the Dissolution of the last Parliament, the Stewart of Orkney and Zetland was accordingly " commanded and enjoined, immediately after and upon " Receipt of the said Writ, to give Notice to the " whole Freeholders within the said Sheriffdom of " Orkney and Zetland, to the Effect they might meet " and elect one Knight, or Commissioner, for the said " Sheriffdom, according to the Form prescribed by the Statutes in that Case made and provided and that the said Stewart, or his Substitute, although they appointed a Meeting of the Freeholders for electing a Knight, or Commissioner, to represent the said Stewartry in the present Parliament, to be held upon the 28th of July last, omitted and neglected to publish the said Meeting in Terms of the above-mentioned Statute; and that the Petitioner, the said Charles Lines, upon discovering this Neglect, did, immediately after the Writ was read at the said Meeting on the 28th of July last, object, that no Election could then take

Place, and protest that, if the Freeholders should proceed to any Step in or towards an Election of a Member to represent the Stewartry under the said Writ, every such Act or Step, as well as the Election itself, would be void and null, and the said Petitioner, Charles Innes, immediately after entering this Protest, withdrew from the Meeting; and that the Petitioners are advised, and humbly conceive, that the Election made under those Circumstances, and without the previous Publications requited by Law, and the Return of John Esquire, as Representative of the said Stewartry, are totally void and null: And therefore praying the House to take this their Petition into Consideration, and to give them such Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 7th Day of April next, at the same Time that the Petition of Colonel Thomas Dundas is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of the Distribution of the Vote of Account of Credit for £. 1,000,000, granted for the Service of the Distribution

Year 179°* . Credit pre-

And the Title of the said Account was read. *enud.

The said Account is as followeth j viz.

An ACCOMPT of the Distribution of the Vote of Credit for One Million, granted for the Service

of the Year 1790; viz1.

For Naval Services

£ * d.

650,000 ——

For Ordnance -

For Army Services (including £. 40,000 issued to Messrs. and

Aislabie, for Purchase of Provisions for the Troops in the West Indies)

150.000 ——

200.000 ——

1,000,000

Treasury Chambers,

December 8th, 1790. The? Steele.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Housp.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Waye and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ' Jfeane. to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

7 Resolved

8° — 9® Decembris.

Supply

defend

31 Geo. III.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVidtty Morn* ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom*

Noordingh

sworn.

Noordingh’* Nat. Bill committed.

St Botolph Poor, &c. Petition.

43

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of foewhole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from List of

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the Directors of the East India Company, attended at

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented pre^nted!*’ His Majesty. ‘ ’ " ' ' T' ' A r

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of foe Clock.

Jovist9* die Decembris;

Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 1790.

Prayeks.

HR 1ST IAN Noordingh took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for naturalizing Christian Noordingh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in foe Chamber.

to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A List of all the Offices, Places, and Employments in foe Civil and Military Establishments of the United.

East India Company, in The East Indies, with the Salaries, or Pay, and Emoluments belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the said Company in respect thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered, That foe said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Thomas Bridgman John - Okehampton

ding, Noah Cartwright, and John Lane, was delivered Election — in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That the wt,t["n Petitioner Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore, at the Time of Mr' ux*

.A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgale, in the City of London, was presented to foe House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of foe said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained at a very great Expence, and the giving proper Powers for better governing, regulat-

— . moore, and the last General Election for Members to serve in others. Parliament for the Borough of Okehampton, in the Speaker's County of Devon, was Mayor of the said Borough, and is, and for a few Years has been, a Capital Burgess of the said Borough of Okehampton, and that, as well the said Petitioner Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore, as the Petitioners John Cadding, Noah Cartwright, and John *

have, and each of them has, an undoubted Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that, at the last Election for the said Borough, the Precept for foe said Election was delivered by the Sheriff of the said County to the Peti-

ing, employing, and maintaining the said Poor, would tioner Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore, then being Mayor be a Means of their being more effectually relieved of foe said Borough, as the proper Returning Officer

and provided for,. and be a great Ease and Convenience to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that the Inhabitants of the said Parish have borrowed, on Annuities on the Lives of several Persons, certain Sums of Money, which have been expended in the Repairs of the Parish Church, and re-building the Workhouse of the said Parish, and it would be greatly for the Benefit of such Annuitants if Power was given for Payment of the said Annuities out of the Rates of the said Parish; and that a certain Street or Passage, called Carthusian Street, leading from Aldersgate Street in Charter House Square, is narrow and incommodious, and it would tend greatly to the Benefit and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and of the Public in general, if Power was given for widening the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

for the said Borough; and that the Petitioner Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore duly proceeded to the Election of Members for the said Borough pursuant to the said Precept, when John St.Leger, Robert Ladbroke, John William Anderson, and John Esquires, were

Candidates, and a Poll being demanded, the same was duly taken before the said Petitioner Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore, and the said John St. lager and Robert Lad-broke, having a Majority of legal Votes, were by the said Petitioner Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore declared to be duly elected, and thereupon the said Petitioner Thomas Bridgman Luarnoore, in due Manner returned them as duly elected to the Sheriff of the said County; and that one John Hawkes, at foe same Election of Members to servfr in Parliament for foe said Borough, under Colour of the Office of Portreeve of the said Borough, claimed to be the legal and proper Retum-

for the aforesaid Purposes, under such Regulations as ing Officer of the said Borough, and presumed to act

foe House shall think proper,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to send for Person, Papers, and Records.

as such by taking a Poll, and making a Return to the Sheriff of the County of Devon in his own Name, and the Names of others countenancing his Claim, of the said John William Anderson and John Townson; and that the said John Hawkes admitted several Persons to vote for the said John William Anderson and John Townson who had not legal Votes, and rejected many legal Votes which were tendered for the said John St. Lager and Robert Ladbroke, and thereby procured a colourable Majority on the Poll so taken before him for foe said John William Anderson and John,

whereas the Petitioners insist that the said John

Bill for the A Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment Custody and of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation of Lager and Robert Ladbroke had a Majority of legal ‘oGOffendere4 ^aces which such Offenders may be confined, was Votes on the Poll so taken by foe said John Hawkes, committed?’ reat* a Second Time. and ought to have been returned by the said John,

Resolvtd, That the Bill be committed. Hawkes; but foe Petitioners further insist, that foe said

V o l.£6. John

John Hatbkes,by virtue of his Office of Portreeve, had no Right whatsoever to take such Poll and make such Return, and that thfe Petitioner Thomas Luxmoore, as Mayor of the said Borough, was the only proper and legal Returning Officer of the said Borough; and that the Sheriff of the County of Devon hath annexed to his Writ, not only the true Return so made as aforesaid by the Petitioner Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore, but also the Return so made by the said John Hawkes, and hath sent both the Returns, together with his Writ, into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown, wherein, as the Petitioners are informed, both the said Returns are filed: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to direct the Clerk of the Crown to take the Return, so made by the said John , off the File, and that

the Mayor of the said Borough of Okehampton may be declared to be the proper and legal Returning Officer of the said Borough, and that the said John and Robert Ladbroke may be declared duly elected Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, or otherwise that the Petitioners may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 3d Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of John St. Leger and Robert Ladbroke is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Fowey Elec- A Petition of the Right honourable Lord

tion — Pcti- Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Bath, *?" ®j[Lon* was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, and Sir*"1 That at the last Election of Members to serve in Ralph Payne. Parliament for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioners, and the Right honourable Lord Viscount Valletort and Philip Esquire,

were Candidates; and that a Customary Court, of and for the said Borough and Manor of ought to

be holden, before the Steward or Deputy Steward of the said Borough and Manor, every Year, soon after Michaelmas, and at which Court the Homage have a Right, and ought, to elect and present One of the Tenants of the said Manor to be Portreeve for the ensuing Year, and such Portreeve, by Prescription, and the ancient and immemorial Usage of the Borough, is the Returning Officer of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that on the 26th Day of November 1789 a Customary Court was holden, in and for the said Borough and Manor, before George Haroey, then Deputy Steward there, at which Court the Homage did elect and -present Thomas Mein, Esquire, One of the Tenants of the said Manor, as a fit and proper Person to be Portreeve of the said Borough and Manor until the next Court to be holden in and for the said Borough and Manor, and thereupon the said Thomas Mein was sworn by the said George Harvey, and was duly admitted into the said Office of Portreeve; and that the Sheriff of the said County of Cornwall, on the 16th Day of June last, caused to be delivered to the said Thomas Mein, Portreeve as aforesaid, his Precept for the electing of Two Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and, in pursuance thereof, the said Thomas Mein caused Notice to be given of such Election for the 24th Day of June last, and a Poll being demanded, divers Persons, duly qualified to vote for Members to serve in Parliament lor the said Borough of Fowey, according to the Resolution of this House, and the ancient Usage of the said Borough, offered their Votes to the said Thomas Mein for the Petitioners, and divers Persons, who claimed a Right to vote in the said Election, also

offered their Votes to the said Thomas Mein for the said Lord Viscount Valletort and Philip Rashleigh, arid, on the Close of the Poll, it appearing that Seventy-seven Persons had voted for the Petitioner Lord Seventy-six for the Petitioner Sir Ralph Payne, Sixty-eight only for Lord Viscount Valletort, and Sixty-nine for the said Philip Rashleigh, the said Thomas Mein declared the Petitioners duly elected, and thereupon made his Return accordingly to the said Sheriff, and such Return, with the said Sheriffs Precept annexed thereto, is duly filed in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown; and that the said Lord Viscount Valletort and Philip Rashleigh, by themselves or their Agents, were guilty of many Acts of Bribery before and during the said Election for the said Borough; and that the said Lord Viscount Valletort and Philip Rashleigh, in order at all Events to procure a Return of themselves, prevailed upon William Stackhouse, Esquire, under Colour of his having been Portreeve of the said Borough for the former Year, to assume to himself the Office of Portreeve at the said Election, and illegally to take a Poll, and who, in taking such Poll, admitted many Persons to vote for the said Lord Viscount Valletort and Philip Rashleigh who had no Right to vote, and rejected the Votes of many Persons who were legally entitled to vote, and actually tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, and, by such and other corrupt and illegal Practices, gave a colourable Majority on the said Poll to the said Lord Viscount Valletort and Philip Rashleigh, and, under Pretence thereof, took upon himself to sign an Indenture of Return to the said Sheriff, that the said Lord Viscount Valletort and Philip Rashleigh had been duly elected, and the said Sheriff, by the Means of improper and undue Influence, was prevailed upon to return the same to the Clerk of the Crown, together with the indenture of Return of the said Thomas Mein, whereas the Return so made by the said Thomas Mein ought only to have been accepted, and returned to the Clerk of the Crown: And therefore praying, That the Return, so made by the said William Stackhouse, may be taken off the File of Returns in the Office of the said Clerk of the Crown, or that the Petitioners may have such further Relief as the Nature of their Case requires and deserves.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 8th Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of the Honourable Richard Edgcumbe, commonly called Lord Valletort, and Philip Rashleigh, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, Lewes Road to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, whose Petition re-Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Exe- Ported' cution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmston,in the County of Sussev, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the

Committee

31 Geo. III.

9° Decembns.

45

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, Time of the last Election for IVwas, an Elec-and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to for of Westminster, and a Candidate to represent the said them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; City and Liberty in the present Parliament: That in and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s T'able: the said City and Liberty there are Seventeen thousand

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Two hundred and Ninety-one Householders, rated in To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the the Parish Books, unrepresented in Parliament, and said Act was read: And Mr. Josias Smith being exa- without the Means of being represented therein, al-mined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the though by direct and indirect Taxation, they contri-Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a con- bute to the Revenue of the State very considerably siderable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, more than those who send a Hundred Members to which now remains unpaid, and cannot be repaid, Parliament: That at each of the Three last Elec-and the said Road made, and kept in good Repair, lions for Westminster (viz. in 1784, in 1788, and in unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further 1790) notoriously deliberate Outrage, and purposely continued. armed Violeuce, was used, and at each of those Elec-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to tions Murder was committed: That for these past continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Outrages, as if there were no Attorney General, no Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King Government, and no Legislature in the Land, not the George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road least Redress has been obtained, not the least Punish-

frorn Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex:

And that Mr. Thomas Pelham, Colonel and

Mr. Kemp, do prepare, and bring iu, the same.

ment, nor even the least Censure, inflicted, nor has any Remedy whatever been appointed, or attempted, to prevent a Repetition of similar Outrages in future: That at the Election for Westminster in 1784 a Scrutiny was demanded on Behalf of Sir IVray, which

was granted on the 17th of May 1784, and with the Approbation or Direction of the then House of Commons was continued till the 3d of March 1785, when a very small comparative Progress having been made (viz. through the small Parish of Saint Anne, and not entirely through Saint Martins, leaving totally untouched the Parishes of Saint George, Saint James, Saint Margaret, Saint John, Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Mary le Strand, Saint Clement, and Martin le Grand) the said Scrutiny was, by the Direction or Ap-

Cliflon Dartmouth Hardness Election — Petition of Mr. Seale.

Westminster

Election — Petition of Mr. Horn* Tooke.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House; the same were delivered in at the Table.

And a Member present having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related, were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order;

A Petition of John Seale, Esquire, was read; Setting probation of the House of Commons, relinquished with forth, That at the last General Election for Burgesses out Effect, after having lasted Ten Months, and with an to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dart- Expence to Sir Cecil Wray of many thousand Pounds mouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, the Right more than appears, by some late Proceedings in Chancery, honourable John Charles Villiers, Edmund Bastard, to be the allowed Average Price of a perpetual Seat in Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the House of Commons, where Seats for Legislation are the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard were, as notoriously rented and bought as the Standings for by themselves, their Friends and Agents, previous to Cattle at a Fair: That on the Election for Westminster and during the Time of the said Election, guilty of in 1788, there being an absolute and experienced Ira-several Acts of Bribery, by giving and distributing to possibility of determining the Choice of the Electors many of the Voters, and promising to many others of by a Scrutiny before the Returning Officer, a Petition them, pecuniary and other Gifts and Rewards, in order against the Return was presented to the then House of to induce the said Voters to vote for the said John Commons by Lord Hood, and another Petition also Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard at the said Elec- against the Return was presented by certain Electors tion; and that William Hunt, who acted as Mayor and of Westminster, and a Committee was in Consequence Returning Officer at the said Election, behaved with appointed, which commenced its Proceedings on Friday, great Partiality m Favour of the said John Charles the 3d 1789, and continued till June the 18th

Villiers and Edmund Bastard, by rejecting a great 1789, when the Committee (as able and respectable Number of legal Votes which were tendered for the as ever were sworn to try and determine the Matter of Petitioner, and admitting a great many illegal Votes any Petition) on their Oaths " Resolved, That from in Favour of the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund " the Progress which the Committee have hitherto been

" enabled to make since the Commencement of their " Proceeding, as well as from an attentive Considera.

" tion of the different Circumstances relating to the u Cause, a final Decision of the Business before them " cannot take Place in the Course of the present Ses-u sions, and that not improbably the Whole of the " present Parliament may be consumed in a tedious " and expensive Litigation" — " Resolved, That from " the necessary Length of the Proceeding, and from " the Approach of a General Election, which must " occur not later than Spring 1791" (nearly Two Years more) " the Prosecution of the Cause on the " Part of the Petitioners promises to be fruitless,

" as far as it respects the Representation of Westminster in the present Parliament" — " Resolved,

" That it be recommended to the Petitioners to withdraw their Petitions under the special Circumstances " of the Case:" That (notwithstanding this extraordinary, and perhaps unparalleled, Application from a Court of Justice to its Suitors) Lord Hood and the other Petitioners having refused to withdraw their re-

Bastard, whereby, and by other undue Means and Influence, a colourable Majority was procured for the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard, who have been returned by the said William Hunt duly elected, whereas the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes over both the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as One of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 19th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, Sand Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Home Tooke, Esquire, was read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner now is, and at the spective Petitions, the Proceedings of the Committee Vo l. 46. N continued

46 9° Decembris. A. 1790.

continued till the 6th of July 1789, when a very small comparative Progress having been made, the Petitioners, from a Conviction of the Impossibility of any Decision by the Committee, were compelled to abandon their Petitions without any Effect, or Tendency towards Effect, after a tedious and expensive Litigation of Three Months and Three Days, and with an Expence to the petitioning Candidate of more than Fourteen thousand Pounds: That under these Circumstances, as the Petitioner declined demanding a Scrutiny before the Returning Officer, so is he compelled to disclaim all Scrutiny before a Committee of the House of Commons, for although that Act (the 10th of George the Third) by which the said Committee is appointed, recites, in its Preamble, That " whereas the present Mode of Decision upon " Petitions complaining of undue Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, frequently " obstructs public Business, occasions much Expence, " Trouble, and Delay, to the Parties, &c. for Re- medy thereof, &c." yet it would be less expensive and less ruinous to the Petitioner to be impeached (even according to the present Mode of conducting Impeachments) and to be convicted too of real Crimes, than to be guilty of attempting to obtain Justice for himself and the injured Electors of , by the

only Mode of Decision, which the new remedial Statute (the 10th of George the Third) has appointed for that Purpose, however well adapted that Mode of Decision may be to settle the disputed Claims of the Proprietors of small Boroughs, for whose usurped and smuggled Interest alone the Framers of that Bill, and of those Bills which have been since built upon it, seem to have had any real Concern: That by the 9th of Anne, Chapter 5, the Right of Electors (before unlimited by Qualification in the Object of their Choice) is restricted in Cities and Boroughs to Citizens and Burgesses respectively, having an Estate, Freehold or Copyhold, for their own respective Lives, of the Annual Value of Three hundred Pounds above Reprizes: That this very moderate Restriction (however vicious in its Principle) leaving all Citizens and Burgesses eligible, possessing Life Estates, Freehold or Copyhold, of the Annual Value of Three hundred Pounds, will henceforth serve only as a Suare to the Candidate, and a Mockery of the Electors, if such Candidate, possessing a Life Estate of Three hundred Pounds a Year, must expend Fifty thousand Pounds (and there is no probable Appearance that a Hundred thousand Pounds would be sufficient) in attempting by a tedious, expensive, and ineffectual Litigation, to sustain the Choice of his Constituents, and to prove himself duly elected: That though the Petitioner complains (as he hereby does) of the undue Election and Return of Lord Hood and the Right honourable Charles James Fox to this present Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, yet is the Petitioner, by a Persecution and Proscription of more than Twenty Years, disabled from making that pecuniary Sacrifice which by the present new Mode of Investigation is (and ought not to be) necessary effectually to prove such undue Return, and yet the Petitioner fully trusts, that notwithstanding a very great Majority of the House of Commons (for so it still continues to be stiled) are not, as they Ought to be, elected by the Commons of this Realm (in any honest Meaning of the Word " Commons") and must therefore naturally and necessarily have a Bias and Interest against a fair and real Representation of the People, yet the Petitioner fully trusts, that he shall be able to lay before " a Committee chosen and " sworn to try and determine the Matter of this Petition," Evidence of such a Nature, as that the Committee will, on their Oaths, " think proper to " report to the House some Resolution or Resolutions " other than the Determination of the Return, and " that the House will make such Orders thereon as to " them shall seem proper," and the Petitioner doubts

not, that, as an Elector at least, he shall in consequence receive such Redress as will be much more important to him, and to the Electors of , than any

Determination of the Return;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 24th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tuesday, the " 24th Day of May," and inserting the Words " Friday,

" the 4th Day of February" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tuesday, the 24th Day of May," stand Part of the . Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Friday, the 4th Day of February," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday, the 4th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole 1 louse, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th* Day of March 1791, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Lord Bayham, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Sir James Johnstone, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner petitioned the House upon the 1st Day of this Instant December, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Dumfries, Kirkcudbright, Annan, Lochma and Sanquhar; and that by an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the

Report Ways and Means.

Land Tax.

Sir James

Johnstone's

Fetition,

relative to

Dumfries,

&c. Burghs

Election.

Time enlarged for entering into his Recognizance.

State of the Impeachment of Mr. Hastings, to be considered.

31 Geo. III. 9* — 10° Decembris, 47

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament," the Petitioner is required to enter into a Recognizance for prosecuting his said Petition with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of in the Manner therein mentioned, within fourteen Days after presenting such Petition to the House, and A/T R. John reported from the Committee, to Noordingb’* the Time for his entering into such Recognizance ex- i.Vj. whom the Bill for naturalizing Christian Noor- Nat. hill pines on Tuesday next; and that by a Resolution of the ditigh, was committed; That the Committee had exa- rePorted* House of the nth Day of February 1789, due Notice mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same is required to be given of the Time and Place ap- to be true; and that the Committee had directed him pointed for enquiring into the Sufficiency of such to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend-Sureties, together with their Names, Additions, and ment s And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Places of Abode, to the Sitting Member, or his known Table.

Agent; and that Patrick Millar, Junior, Esquire, of Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. whose Election and Return the Petitioner complains,

not having yet taken his Seat in this House, and The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from Account of being, as the Petitioner is informed, now in Scotland or the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended 'Vhalc ShlP* Ireland', and not having any Place of Residence, or at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- and of known Agent, in London, the Petitioner is not able to sented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of Scotch^ight give the due Notice, required by the said Resolution, several Acts of Parliament, House*, pre-

within the Time limited by the said Act for entering An Account of what Number of Ships or Vessels, 8®ntec^-into the Recognizance be tore-mentioned: And there- from , have been employed in the Whale

fore praying, That the leaving such Notice with the Fishery to Davis's Sfreights, and The Greenland Seas,

Clerk of this House may be deemed good Service on with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence the said Patrick Alillar, or that the House w ill give they were fitted out, and at what Port discharged, and cuch Relief to the Petitioner as to them shall seem also what Quantity of Oil, or Blubber, or Whale Fins, meet each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1789

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the to the 10th of October 1790: And also,

Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- An Account of the Commissioners appointed by Acts

jesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of Parliament for erecting Light Houses on the Northern " of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns Parts of Britain.

" of Members to serve in Parliament," might be And then lie withdrew.

wad. And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the same was read accordingly. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Journal of the House, of the 11th Day of February The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other 1789, of the Resolution of the House, respecting the Papers of this Session.

Recognizances to be entered into by any Person having

presented a Petition to this House complaining of an Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for tb« undue Election or Return ot a Member to serve in to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Custody and

Parliament, might be read. upon the Bill to provide for the Custody and Employ- K'"P,uv'nent

And the same being read accordingly; ment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Rcgu-

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- lation of the Places in which such Offenders may be

posed, That the leaving the said Notice with the Clerk confined, be now read, of this House, on or before Saturday next, appointing And the said Order being read accordingly;

Tuesday next for enquiring into the Sufficiency of such Resolved, That tills House will, upon , the

Sureties, shall be deemed good Service on the said gd Day of February next, resolve itself into the said

Patrick Millar, Junior, Esquire, unless he shall take Committee,

his Seat in this House on or before Friday next.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, A Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and Seaford Elec-withdrawn. John , Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, tion — Peti-

Ordered, That the Time allowed for Sir James John-- and read; Setting forth. That on Saturday the 19th Day jj0" sir stone, Baronet, to enter into the said Recognizance be Gf June 1790, an Election of Two Barons to serve in Webber and

enlarged until Wednesday, the 22d Day of this Instant parliament for the Town and Port of Seuford, in the Mr. Tarleton.

December. County of Sussex, came on there, at which Election the

Petitioners, and John Sargent the Younger, Esquire,

Resolved, Neirnne Contradicente, That this House and Richard Esquire, were Candidates; will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 17th Day of this and that the Petitioners were duly chosen, by a Ma-Instant December,resolve itself into a Committee of jority of legal Votes, but that Thomas

the whole House, to take into Consideration the State Esquire, who acted as Bailiff and Returning Officer at in which the Impeachment of Warren Hastings, Esquire, the said Election, was guilty of gross Partiality and bte Governor General of Bengal, was left at the Dis- Injustice towards the Petitioners, by contriving, with

solution of the last Parliament. divers other Persons, long before the said Election, to

deprive the legal Electors of the said Town and Port And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow of ti)e due Effect of their Right of voting, and, in

Morning, Ten of the Clock. order thereto, by exercising an undue Influence to in-

crease the Number of Freemen, and also of Jurats and Officers, of the said Town and Port, by partially appointing Overseers of the Poor, and making and regulating Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and by appointing the Day for holding the said Election at an unusual Length of Time after his receiving a Mandate from the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for proceeding to such Election — by refusing on that Day Vot. to

Veneris, 10* Decembris l Anno 31* Georgii III111 Regis, 1790-

Phayehs.

10° Decembfis.

A. 1790.

Shaftsbury Election-Petition of Mr. Mortimer.

to proceed to take a Poll, though several good and legal Voters of the said Town and Port tendered themselves to the said Thomas Chambers, and offered to vote for the Petitioners, within the Time allowed by Law, on that Day for taking a Poll — by adjourning the Court of Assembly, held for the Purpose of such Election, from the said 19th Day of June to the Monday next following — by administering, and causing to be administered, to all the Persons who tendered themselves as Voters at the said Election, an unusual Number of Oaths, and by other undue, unjustifiable, and unlawful Ways ana Means, procrastinating and continuing the said Election, from Day to Day, until the 26th Day of the said June, for the manifest Intention of permitting several Persons to vote, who pretended to have on that Day, and not before) acquired a Right to vote at the said Election, as Inhabitants Housekeepers paying Scotland Lot within the said Town and Port, and which Persons then exercised such their pretended Right in Favour of the said John Sargent and Richard Paul Jodrell — by arbitrarily and illegally rejecting the Votes of several. Persons having a Right to vote, and who tendered to vote for the Petitioners, and by admitting other Persons to vote for the said John Sargent and Richard Paul Jodrell who had no legal Right to vote; and that the said Thomas Chambers, in many other Respects, was guilty of unwarrantable Practices, as well previous to as during the said Election, in Favour of the said John Sargent and Richard Paul Jodrell; and that several Persons, who voted for the said John Sargent and Richard Paul Jodrell, had previously asked, received, and taken Money, and other Reward, and had agreed and contracted for Money, Gift, and Reward, to give their Votes in the said Election, and had been guilty of other illegal and corrupt Practices, by Means whereof their Votes so given are, and ought to be declared to be, void; and that the said John Sargent and Richard Paul Jodrell, by themselves, or some Person or Persons employed by them, or One of them, did, by Gift or Reward, and by Promise, Agreement, or Security for Gift and Reward, corrupt and procure several Persons to give their Votes in the said Election; and that, by these and other undue Means, the said John Sargent and Richard Paul Jodrell procured themselves to be returned to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Scaford, in Prejudice of the Petitioners (who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned) in Prejudice of the legal Electors of the said Town and Port, and in Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Election: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 5th Day of May next, at the same Time that the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Ham Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaston, otherwise Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset, Charles Duncombe and William Grant, Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, previous to the Poll, the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of many gross and notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, whereby many of the Voters were influenced to give their Votes for the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, and by such 6 J

unlawful Means, and by the Threats and Promises, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices and Proceedings, of the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, their Agents and Abettors, they have procured themselves to be unduly returned to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough; and that the Returning Officer omitted to give due and legal Notice of the Election, by proclaiming the Writ at Midnight, when the Inhabitants stere in their Beds, and a great Part of them Half a Mile from the Place of Proclamation, and the said Returning Officer, conscious that such his Conduct had been illegal and improper, sent the Corporation Crier, or some other Person, round the next Day to give Notice that there would be on the Friday following an Election for Members to serve in Parliament; and that the said Returning Officer, during the Course of the Election, admitted many Persons to poll for the Sitting Members who were not duly qualified to vote, and rejected the legal Votes of other Persons who tendered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner, and the said Returning Officer acted in other Respects with great Partiality; and that the Petitioner conceives he had a Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Votes at the said Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant unto the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 24th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken Into Consideration.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the Interest or Annuities for or on Account of any Loan which hath been made subsequent'to the passing of an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties, of Customs and Excise, and granting " other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said " Duties, together with the other Duties composing " the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the " Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom, and " for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining " in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on " Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt:" And also,

Act

LandTaxBiU

presented.

Accounts presented —

Additions to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt.

31 Geo. III. 10° Decembris. 49

Duties for An Account of the Produce of the Duties imposed " Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions Chargeocca* *or.^e Purpose of defrayin'? the increased Charge, oc- " of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for siooedbjeer- cas,oned by the Loans, made in pursuance of an Act " applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in

tain Loans, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present " the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt:"

" Sum of Money by Wav of Annuities," and of one And also,

other Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for An Account of the Produce of the additional Du- Duties on "raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annui- ties, 1789, on Newspapers, Advertisements, Cards, Newspapers, " ties, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivor- Dice, legacies, and Probates of Wills, from the mentsn&e " ship in Classes," for One Year, from the 10th totli of October 1789 to the 10th of October 1790: ’

Day of October 17S9 to the 10th Day of October And also,

1790; made up pursuant to an Act of the Twenty- An Account of the Produce of the additional Duties D°on seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Horses, granted from the 5th of July 1789, for One Norses and intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties Year, ending the 10th of October 1790; and also, of the CarrM*8e*

" of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties Produce of the additional Duties on Carriages, granted " in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, from the 5th Day of July 1789, for the said Period,

" together with the other Duties composing the so far as the same can be made up.

" Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

" of certain Goods, W ares, and Merchandize, the The said Accounts are as followeth;

An ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt by the Additions Interest or Annuities, for or on Account of any Loan which hath been made subsequent to the passing of an foePublfc Act of the 27 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties Debt"

" of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together " with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods,

" Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the Dominions of the French King,

« into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt."

Bv virtue of an Act 29 Geo. III. the Sum of £187,000 was raised by Annuities, after the Rate of £ 7. 9. 9. per Centum per Annum, \o continue for the Term of 18 Years and Three Quarters, from the 5 th Day of April 1789, and then to cease; which Annuities were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of the lSth and loth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, payable Half-yearly at the Bank of England, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund, the Annual Amount whereof is ——

By virtue of one other Act of the same Session, the Sum of £ 1,002,500 was directed to be raised by Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, distributed into Classes, and to be paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund; (but by certain Person or Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments, a Deficiency was occasioned, whereby the Sum, on which the Annuities granted by the Act were payable, amounted only to the Sum of £1,002,099) Part of which said Annuities, by an Act of the 30th Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, were converted into Annuities for a certain Term of 69 Years and One Quarter, from the 10th Day of October 1790, and were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the 1st and 2d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty (and several subsequent Acts) payable Half-yearly at the Bank of England.

£ d.

The Amount of the Interest made payable to the Contributors, pursuant to the said Act 29 Geo. III. in respect of the said £ 1,002,099, from the 5th Day of July 1789 to the 10th Day of October 1790, was £50,104. 19.;

but this Accompt being made up for One Year, from the 10th Day of October 1789 to the 10th Day of October 1790, the Charge for that lime is -

I he Charge incurred by George Attzvood, Esquire, Inspector of the Tontine

Certificates, to defray the Expences attending the Execution of the said Act - ..... 5 .

s.

40,083 19 2

1,500 ——

14,001 2 6

41,583 *9

jwsT1 8

Presented pursuant to the said Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the 10th Day of December 179°*

George Rose.

Voi.46.

O

10° Xkcembris.

A. 1790.

Chaise by Loam,

An ACCOMPT of the Produce of the Duties imposed for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the Loans, made in pursuance of an Act of the 29th Year of die Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities and of one other Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, to be " attended with tire Benefit of Survivorship in Classes," for One Year, from the 10th Day of October 17S9 to the 10th Day of October 1790; made up pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting " other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing " the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the " Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for " applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for die Payment of Annuities on Lives, " to the Reduction of the National Debt;" wV.

The Produce of the additional Duties on Horses, granted from the 5th Day of July 1789, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1790 ——

The Produce of the additional Duties on Carriages, granted from the said 5th Day of July 1789, for the same Time -

The Produce of the additional Duties on Newspapers, granted from the 1st Day of August 1789, for the same Time - -

The Produce of the additional Duties on Advertisements, granted from D®, for the same Time - -

The Produce of the additional Duties on Cards, granted from D*, for the same Time ——

The Produce of the additional Duties on Dice, granted from D®, for the same Time ——

The Produce of the Duties on Legacies, or Shares of Personal Estates, granted from.D®, for the same Time -The Produce of the Duties on Probates of Wills, granted irom D®, for the same Time ——

£' d.

29,054 14 8

6,058 ——

7,045 17 ~

454 15 ~

8,048 ——

28,306 ——

jC* 4' 20,541 3 S*

20,828 — 10

41,369 4 — i

79,567 6 8

c

120,936 10 8$

T

Presented pursuant to the said Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the 10th Day of December 1790.

George Rose.

Duties ob Newspapers.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the additional Duties, 1789, on Newspapers, Advertisements, Cards, Dice, Legacies, and Probates of Wills, from the 10th of October 1789 to the 10th of October 1790.

Newspapers - -

Advertisements Cards -

Dice -Legacies

Probates of Wills -

Stamp Office, December 9th, 1790*

Town. Country. TOTAL, Town and Country.

1- s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

28,800 11 4 854 3 4 29,654 14 8

6,058 , - 6,058

7,045 17 — - 7,045 ’7 —

454 15 — - 454 15 —

5,716 2,332 8,048

21,249 10 — 7,056 10 — 28,306

£ 79,567 6 8

J. Lloyd, pro Coropi'.

K

An

10° — 13* Decembris.

51

31 Geo. III.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the additional Duties on Horses, granted from the 5th of July 1789, Duties on for One Year, ending the 10th October 1790: And also, of the Produce of the additional Duties on Horses. Carriages, granted from the 5th Day of July 1789, for the said Period, so far as the same can be made up.

Horses - *

Carriages

- £.20,541. 3. 2i.

- 20,828. 0. 10.

Office for Taxes, 7th December 1790.

Tim. Brent.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ferraL resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Slave Trade Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-C)°n~ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole " House, to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Resolved , That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lance, 13° Decembris; Anno 31* Georgii III. U Regis, 1790, Prayers.

Committee of Supply;

Accounts of Expence* of the late Armament — and Distribution of Vote of Credit referred.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account, as far as the same can be made up, of the Expences occasioned by the Augmentation and Equipment of His Majesty’s Naval Forces on the late Armament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charges incurred last Session of Parliament, for "repairing the Hoad from by the late Armament, so far as the same can at present in the County of Bedford, through Bugden

be made up at the War Office, be referred to the said and Alconbury, to the Top of Hill, and trom

Committee. Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Expence in- Stoughton , in the County of Huntingdon, and

" curred by the Office of His Majesty’s Ordnance on also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road at or Account of the late Armament," be referred to the near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsjord, to said Committee. ‘ —

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Chnstian Noord- Noordineh'* ingh, was read the Third Time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title *>aSS* be, An Act for naturalizing Christian Noordingh.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Biggleswade Acts, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, and the Roads Bill

I — . C?„____________________ rn f . r r A A committed.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Messieurs Neave and Aislabic, for the Purchase of Provisions for the Troops in the East and IVIndies, in Consequence of tire late Armament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Distribution of the Vote of Credit for yf. t ,000,000, granted for the Service of the Year 1790, be referred to tire said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from tire Committee, That they had come to several R esolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

and through LittleBurj'ord, Eynesbury, and Saint,

to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall , and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Eaton Soken to the said Turnpike Road near Saint Neots Bridge, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl Ludlow, the Lord llinchingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Newark thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Election-others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Newark, in the County of Nottingham, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough,

William Paxton, Wiliam Crosbie, and John Manners Sutton, Esquires, were Candidates, and the Petitioners had a Right to vote at the said Election; and that

the said Crosbie and John Sutton, by

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was themselves, and by some Person or Persons employed by directed by tite Committee to move, that they may have them, or One of them, or by their Agents, were guilty Leave to sit again. of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices; and

Vo l. 4)6. that

52 13® Decembris. . 1790,

that by Bribery, Threats, Menaces, Violence, and obtained in Favour of the said and

other undue and corrupt Means, a great Number of Robert who were thereupon declared, by

Persons were induced to vote for the said William the said Mayor, to have been duly elected; and lhat Crosbie and John Manners Sutton, or One of them, the Right of voting in the said Borough is in the legal who would otherwise have voted for the said William Freemen and Freeholders of the same, but the said Paxton; and that at the said Election a great Majority Mayor, not regarding the said Right, admitted the of Votes over those which were given for the said Wil- Votes of several Persons claiming under Colour of liam Crosbie and John Manners Sutton were given by certain. Freehold Estates within the said Borough, the Petitioners and others, who had a legal Right to fraudulently conveyed to them for the Purpose of inul-vote at the said Election, in Favour of the said Wil-tiplying Voices at the said Election, in Violation of the liam Paxton, who was duly chosen at the said Elec- Laws and Statutes of this Realm; and that the Peti-. tion, and ought to have been returned as One of the tioners find themselves aggrieved, as well by the said Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; Usurpation of the said Office of Returning Officer, but Henry Milnes, Esquire, who acted as Mayor and whereby their Right to vote becomes endangered, as by Returning Officer at the said Election, admitted a the Admission of such Persons so as aforesaid claiming great Number of Persons to vote for the said William to vote, in Derogation of the Rights of the Petitioners,

Crosbie and John Manners Sutton at the said Election, and of the other legal Electors of the said Borough: who had no Right, and ought not to have been ad- And therefore praying, That the House will take the mitted, to vote at the said Election, and rejected the Premises into Consideration, and declare that the Right Votes of divers Persons who tendered their Votes for of being Returning Officer of the said Borough belongs the said William Paxton, and who had a Right to vote to the Portreeve thereof for the Time being, that the at the said Election, and by such Means, and other said John William Anderson and John Ttrwnson be de-Acts of Partiality, created a colourable Majority on the dared to have been duly elected Members to serve in Poll in Favour of the said William Crosbie and John this present Parliament, whereby the Rights of the true Manners Sutton over the said William Paxton, and hath and lawful Electors may be established and secured, and unduly returned the said William Crosbie and John that the Petitioners.may have such other Relief as their Manners Sutton Members to serve in Parliament for Case shall seem to require.

the said Borough, to the great Prejudice and manifest Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-Injury of the Petitioners and others, legal Electors sideration upon Thursday, the 3d Day of February next, of the said Borough, whose Franchises are materially at the same Time that the Petition of John St. Leger affected and lessened thereby, and also in Prejudice of and Robert Ladbroke is ordered to be taken into the said William Paxton, who was duly elected, and Consideration.

ought to have been returned: And therefore praying Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or the House to take the Premises into Consideration, ‘Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as and to grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on shall seem meet. the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Cqn-sideration upon Thursday, the 10th Day of March neict, Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and at the same Time that the Petition of William Paxton, Returns, being offered to be presented to the House;

Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration. the same were delivered in at the Table: And the Names

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or of the Places, to which the said Petitions related, were Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on in the following Order:

to Hearing of to Matter of to raid Petition. A petWo„ of lhe Honourable IXMam WnUy Pole, Gruto,

and Robert Wood, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, Election — Ofcebampton A Petition of William Sprague, Thomas Heanes, IVII- That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Par- vu‘tpiu°a~i Election — liam Earle the Younger, and the several other Per- liament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the Mr! Wood. Electors sons> whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors County of Lincoln, the Petitioners the said William

ec ‘ of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Wesley Pole and Robert Wood, and John

Okehampton,in the County of Devon, was delivered in Esquire, and Dudley Long North, Esquire, were Can-at the 1 able, and read; Setting forth, That at the late dictates; and that in the Course of the sqiid Election

Election for Members to serve in this present Parlia- George Woolmer, Gentleman, Mayor of the said Bo-

ment for the Borough aforesaid, John St. Leger, Robert rough, who presided as Returning Officer at the said Ladbroke, John William Anderson, and John Townson, Election, behaved himself with the greatest Partiality Esquires, were Candidates, and that John Hazvkes, in Favour of the said John Harrison and Dudley Long Portreeve of the said Borough, was, by virtue of his North, by rejecting the Votes of several Persons who said Office, the only true and legal Returning Officer had a Right to vote at the said Eleetiop, and who then of the said Borough; and that, at the same Election, and there tendered their Votes for the said William Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore, Mayor of the said Bo- Wesley Pole and Robert Wood, and by admitting on the rough, pretending to be the Returning Officer for the Poll for the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North same, possessed himself of the Precept issued by the the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote Sheriff of the said County in that Behalf, and proceeded at the said Election, and that by Reason thereof the said thereupon to the Election, when a Poll having been John Harrison and Dudley Long North were returned demanded and taken, there appeared a Majority of legal as duly elected for the said Borough, notwithstanding Voters in Favour of the said John William Anderson the said William Wesley Pole and Jtobo't Wood had a and John Townson, who thereupon ought to have been Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been re-declared duly elected, and returned to serve as Mem- turned: And therefore praying, That they may be heard bers in this present Parliament for the Borough afore- by their Counsel, and have such Relief in the Premises, said; and that the said Mayor did admit and receive as the House shall think proper.

upon the said Poll the Votes of several Persons who Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-had no just Claim or Title to be, or to be deemed to sideration upon Thursday, the 26th Day of May next, be, Electors for the said Borough, and others who at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

were incapacitated and unable to give their Voices at A Petition of Christopher Clayton, Esquire, the Re- Grimsby the said Election, all of whom tendered their Votes verend William Smelle, and William Bell, Electors of Electionr-in Favour of the said John St..Leger and Robert Lad- Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of broke,by Means whereof a colourable Majority was Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf

7 of

31 Geo. III.

13° Decembris.

53

of themselves, and many other Electors of the said the said John Cator and John Scott ns duly Borough, was also read; Setting forth, That at the whereas the Petitioners bad a Majority of legal Votes last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for tendered for them, and were duly and ought

the said Borough of Great Grimsby, the Honourable to have been returned; and that one John Churcher, William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire, John illegally, and without any due Authority for r-Jlarrison, Esquire, and Dudley Long North, Esquire, meddling in the Return of Members for the said were Candidates; and that the said William Wesley Borough, hath also made a Return of the said John Pole and Robert Wood were duly elected, and ought to Gator and John as being duly elected Members have been returned, as Members to represent the said for the said Borough: And therefore praying, That Borough in this Parliament, but that George Woolmer, the House will take the Premises into Consideration, Gentleman, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the

..... ----- jjouse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 31st Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

said Borough, behaved himself with great Partiality in Favour of the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North, by admitting several Persons to poll for them who had been illegally and unduly admitted to the Freedom of the said Borough, and who had therefore no Right to vote at the said Election, and by admitting several other Persons to poll for the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North who had not been assessed to, and had not paid, the Church and Poor Rates, assessed and levied in the Parish in which the said Borough is situate, and who, therefore, had no Right to vote at the said Election, and by rejecting several Persons who had a Right to vote at the said Election, and who then and there tendered their Votes for the said William 1 Lesley Pole and Robert Wood; and that several of the Persons who gave their Votes at the said Election for the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North, received Bribes and Rewards, or Promises of Bribes and Rewards, or made corrupt and illegal Agreements, to give their Votes for some of the Candidates at the said Election; and that the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North were, by themselves and Agents, guilty of Bribery and other corrupt Practices at the said Election, by Means whereof the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North were returned as duly elected, to the great Violation of the Rights of the said Petitioners, and of the other Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition he taken into Con-

A Petition of John Payne, Esquire, was read; Setting Bedford forth, That at the last General Election for Burgesses rous^ Elec-to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedjbrd, in the County of Bedford, William Colhotm, payne. Esquire, and Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, at the said Election, a Poll was demanded and taken before the Mayor of the said Borough, and many unwarrantable Practices were made use of by the said Samuel Whitbread, and other Persons in his Interest, to procure a colourable Majority for him; and that the said Samuel Whitbread was, by himself, and his Friends and Agents, before and at the Time of the said Election, guilty of gross Bribery, and did, after the issuing of the Writ of Election, and during the said Election, by himself and Agents, give and allow unto many Persons, having Votes at the said Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Mayor, as Returning Officer of the said Borough, did admit to vote for the said Samuel Whitbread a great Number of Persons who had no legal Right to vote, and others w ho were incapacitated by Law from giving their Votes at the said Election, and reject a great many legal Votes which were tendered

sideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or for the Petitioner, by Means whereof, and of other "Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as undue and corrupt Practices, an illegal and colourable shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on Majority was obtained in Favour of the said Samuel the Hearing of the Matters of tire said Petitions. , who under Pretence thereof was by the said

Mayor declared duly elected, and returned by him one Stotttmdge A Petition of Joseph Foster Barham and George Por- of the Representatives of the said Borough, whereas TwAUoiTof *er» Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That at the a Majority of legal Votes were given, or tendered, Mr^liarham las* Election of Two Representatives to serve in Par- for the Petitioner, and the Petitioner was duly elected, wdMr.Por-liament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County and ought to have been returned: And therefore

mt. of Hants, the Petitioners, John Cator and John S

Esquires, were Candidates, and the Bailiff of the said Borough for the Time being, duly elected and qualified, is Returning Officer for the said Borough; and

that at the said Election, one William Newman took

upon himself the Office of Bailiff" and Returning Officer for the said Borough, without being duly qualified for the Exercise thereof according to Law’, and the said William Newman acted with the greatest Partiality in Favour of the said John Cator and John

praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, die 2d Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or "Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on

Scott, and against the Petitioners; and that, at and before the Election, the said John Cator and John Scott, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of various Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and did, by themselves and their Agents, by Gifts, Promises, and Rewards, procure, and endeavour to procure, a great many of the Electors to vote for the said John Catot' and John Scott, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioners; and that, by those and other undue and illegal Means, a colourable Majority was procured for the said John Cator and John Scott over the Petitioners, and the said Willutm Newman hath returned Vol. 46.

the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr, Brvaut.

A Petition of William Bryant, Esquire, was delivered Shaftsbury in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the Flection — -late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for PetUK,n of the Borough of Shaft ston, otherwise Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset, Charles DimcomIt'illiam Grant, Hans Hintrop Mortimer, Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, previous to the Poll, the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of many gross and notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, whereby many of the Voters were influenced to give their Votes

P for

Land Tax Bill committed.

54 .13° Decembris. 1790.

for the said Charles Duncombeand William and by such unlawful Means, and by the Threats and Promises, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices and Proceedings, of the said Charles Dun-combe and William Grant, their Agents and Abettors, they have procured themselves to be unduly returned to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and of the Rights of Election; and that the Returning Officer omitted to give due and legal Notice of the Election, by proclaiming the Writ or Precept at Midnight, when the Inhabitants were chiefly in their Beds, and a great Part of them residing near Half a Mile from the Place of Proclamation; and that the said Returning Officer made no subsequent Proclamation of the said Writ or Precept, but, conscious that such his Conduct had been illegal and improper, he had it proclaimed the ensuing Day, that such Proclamation had been made the previous Night; and that Walter Whitaker, Esquire, the Recorder of the said Borough, and by virtue of such Office one of the perpetual Magistrates thereof, and the avowed Agent of the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, did, previously to the Dissolution of the late Parliament, openly, with the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, bargain for the Votes of the Electors of the said Borough, and did otherwise in his said Office of Magistrate exercise undue Influence, in order to obtain the Suffrages of the Electors of the said Borough in Favour of the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, contrary to the just Rights of Election, and to the fundamental Principles of the Constitution; and that- the said Returning Officer appeared to be governed by the said Recorder during the Course of such Election, and admitted many Persons to poll for the Sitting Members who were not duly qualified to vote, and rejected the legal Votes of other Persons who tendered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner, and the said Returning Officer acted in other Respects with great Partiality; and that the Petitioner conceives he had a Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Voters at the said Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant unto the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 24th Day of May next, at the same Time that the Petition of Hans trop Mortimer, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, Or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel,' or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made Exchequer forth in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session Bllls ordeied' of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the " Uses and Purposes therein mentioned."

A Petition of William Derby, Philip Moysey, Philip Plymouth Moysey, Junior, John Arthur Winne, William Rag Election —

Richard Jago Squire, John Hawker, George Kimber Electors.0 CronmeU, and Edward Kingdom, all legal Freemen and Voters of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the same Borough, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That John Macbridc,

Esquire, together with Alan Gardner, Esquire, and Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, were Candidates at the last General Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and that the said John Mac-hide had a considerable Majority of the legal Freemen, and Persons legally intitled to their Freedom, of the said Borough, above the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, and ought, together with the said Alan Gardner, Esquire, to have been returned, but that John Cooban, Esquire, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, acted in a partial Manner, by rejecting the Votes of many Persons in Favour of the said JohnMacbride, Esquire, who had a legal

Right to vote, and who actually tendered their Votes lor him, and by admitting several Persons to poll for the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, who were not legally intitled to vote at the said Election; and that the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, by himself and his Agents, before and since the said Election, was guilty of Bribery, and other undue and unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure himself to be returned, by Means whereof, and by the partial and improper Conduct of the said Returning Officer, the said Sir Frederick Leman Rogers, Baronet, obtained a colourable Majority upon the Poll, and was returned as duly elected, to the manifest Prejudice of the said John Macbride, Esquire, and of the Petitioners and the other legal Voters who polled for him, and in open Violation of the Rights of the legal Voters of the said Borough, and of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 19th Day of April next, at the same Time that the Petition of John Macbride,

Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, /or such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Supply-ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had

directed

13° Decemb.

3 L Geo. III.

55

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Expenrft Racked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, oi the late That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Five hundred nnaments. Sixty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expences occasioned by the Augmentation and Equipment of His Majesty's Naval Forces on the late Armament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-four thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Charges incurred by the late Armament, as far as the same can be made up at the War Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty-one thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expence incurred by the Office of His Majesty’s Ordnance on Account of the lute Armament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-one thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expence of Provisions purchased for the Use of the Troops in the East and West India in Consequence of the late Armament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Court of Spain by any of His Majesty’s Ministers since the Receipt of the first Intelligence of the Armaments carrying on in the Ports of Spain; and of all Letters and Instructions upon the said Matters sent to any of His Majesty’s Ministers at the Court of Spain, and of all Letters relative thereto, received from the said Ministers by any of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or other Ministers at Home;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Declaration and Consideration Counter-Declaration, signed and exchanged at Madrid, ^tflns^nd* the 24th of July 1790, by His Majesty’s Ambassador convention and the Minister of the King of Spain; and Translation: with Spain, And also, the Copy of the Convention between His deferred. Majesty and the King of Spain, signed at The the 28th of October 1790; and Translation (which were presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d Day of this Instant December, by His Majesty’s Command) be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means dewhole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply de-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the fcrr«d. whole 1 louse, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Laws relating Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

tw&idTred. reso*ve ,tse^ 'nto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws relating to the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain.

Motion respecting Claims, &c. made by Spam to any Settlement 00 the N. W* Coast of America, &c.

Meg.

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House of the 25th Day of Jamary 1771, of the Addresses agreed to by this House to be presented to His Majesty for Copies of the several Papers thereiu specified relative to Falkland's Island, might be

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Claims and Representations made by the Court of Spain relative to any Settlement that has been made on the North Western Coast of America, and to the Fisheries carried on by British Subjects in the South Seas, together with the Answers that have been given

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Call deferred, the 30th Day of November last, for the House to be called over Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant December.

A Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, was delivered Cricklade in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the Election--late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for ^^Petrie.

the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, Thomas Estcourt, Esquire, John Walker Heneage, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Precept for the said Election having been delivered to the Returning Officer for the said Borough, about Half after One o’Clock in the Afternoon of Tuesday, the 15th Day of June last, the said Returning Officer soon afterwards gave Notice that he should proceed to the Election on Wednesday, the 23d Day of June, and

Dates thereof;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Motion respecting Satisfaction made by Spain for the Violence commuted at Nootka, dec. It'.

Neg.

----, — ----- ---- - — — ----- n , %/ y

to such Claims and Representations, with the respective accordingly he did proceed to the said Election on the said Day, between the Hours of Ten and Eleven in the Forenoon; and that a Poll having been demanded, the same immediately commenced, and the Poll Book was kept open till Four o’Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, and for more than Eight Hours on the Day following, when 304 Freeholders in the Hundreds of Highworth, Cricklade, Staple, and Malmes-

bury, who derive a Right under the Act of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty to vote at every Election of a Burgess, or Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the A Motion was made, and the Question being put, said Borough of Cricklade, were admitted to vote, and

Tellers for the Yeas,

Sir James St. Clair

Erskine,

h Mr. Adam:

Teller, for the

So it passed in the Negative.

134.

258.

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Demands and Requisitions made by His Majesty’s Ministers for adequate Satisfaction from the Court of Spam, for the Act of Violence committed in the Port of Noatka by an Officer commanding Two Spanish Ships of War; and for Restitution of the Vessels belonging to llis Majesty’s Subjects, and navigated under the British Flag, which were captured in the said Port, together with the Answers to the said Requisitions; and of all Representations made to the Vol. 4G.

accordingly voted at the said Election; and that when the Petitioner, his Counsel, and Friends, left the Hustings on the Close of the First Day’s Poll, there had been no regular Adjournment of the said Poll by Proclamation, or otherwise, and be has been informed and believes, that no such Adjournment on that Day was afterwards made; and that the Numbers, upon the Close of the Second Day’s Poll, were for the said Tho7nas Estcourt 24G, for the said John Walker Heneage 194, and for the Petitioner lit, which Numbers the Returning Officer having declared, adjourned the Poll till the next Morning at Nine o’Clock, at the sam?

Time

1

Cricklade Election — Petition of Inhabitants.

56 13* Decembris. . 1790.

Time giving Notice, that the Poll Book would then Numbers of Freeholders who had voted, and from the be again opened to receive the further Suffrages of the Exertions that had been made on the aforesaid Two Voters; and that on the succeeding Day; viz. on Days Poll to bring forward the Friends of the said Friday, the 25th Day of June last, the said Returning John Heneage, that the Strength of the Interest

Officer again declared the Numbers on the Poll to of that Gentleman was nearly exhausted, and that no have been the same as on the preceding Evening he Confusion could have arisen from the Borough Voters had declared they were, and further declared that the being polled on the Third Day, had with many others said Thoms Estcourt, and the said John Walker Heneage, the Inhabitants of the said Borough resolved then to were duly elected, and has since returned them as duly have demanded this Right, but upon appearing before elected to serve in the present Parliament for the said the Hustings for this Purpose on the Morning of the Borough; and that it was expressly stated at the Time said Third Day (viz.) on Friday, the 25th Day Of

by the Petitioner, and by his Counsel, and clearly June last, on the Day, and at the Hour to which on

understood by every Body present, that there was the preceding Evening the Returning Officer had neither Agreement nor Compromise between the adjourned the Poll, and when he had then given Parties, but that each Candidate, and every Elector, Notice it was again to have been opened to receive

was at Liberty to act afterwards as Facts and Circum- the further Suffrages of the Voters, the Petitioners, to

stances might warrant; and that previous to and dur- their Surprize, were informed, by him, that the Polling the Poll at the said Election, the said Thomas Est- was finally closed, and the said Returning Officer soon court and the said John Walker Heneage, by themselves, afterw ards declared the Numbers on the Poll to be and by their Agents, were guilty of many Acts of the same as on the preceding Evening he had declared

Bribery, and allowed to the Electors of the said Bo- them to have been, and further declared, that the said

rough Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Pro- Thomas Estcourt and the said John IValker Heneage were vision, by which Means, by Threats, by Promises, and duly elected, and the Petitioners are informed, that by other corrupt Practices and Proceedings, the said he has since returned them as duly elected to serve in Thomas Estcourt and the said John IValker Heneage h&ve the present Parliament for the said Borough, though procured themselves to be unduly returned to serve neither the Petitioners, nor any one of the ancient in the present Parliament for the said Borough, to the Voters, according to the Custom and Usage of the said manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of Borough, took Part, or were allowed to take Part, in the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and of the said Election; and that the Petitioners are per-

the Commons of England: And therefore praying the suaded, from their Knowledge of the general Dispo-

House to take the Premises into Consideration, and sition of the Voters, as well the Inhabitants of the to grant to him such Relief as to the House shall seem Borough, as those Freeholders who had not voted at meet. the said Election, that if the Poll Book had been kept

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- open, and each Voter had freely given his Suffrage, sideration upon Tuesday, the 7th Day of June next, at that the Numbers in Support of the Election of the Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. said Samuel Petrie would have far exceeded the Num-

A Petition of the Inhabitants possessing Houses bers that the said John IValker Heneage would have within the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of polled; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the Act Wilts, who by immemorial Custom and Usage have a of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, while it Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve in gives to the Freeholders in the Hundreds of llighuorth, Parliament for the said Borough, w as also delivered in Cricklade, Staple, and Malmesbury, who are

at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the qualified to vote at Elections lor Knights of the Shire late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for for the County of Wilts, a Right also to vote at every the said Borough, which was proceeded to on Wedncs- Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parlia-day, the 23d Day of June last, Samuel Petrie, Thomas ment for the said Borough of Cricklade, at the same Estcourt, and John Walker Heneage, Esquires, were Time confirms to the Inhabitants, the ancient Voters, Candidates; and that a Poll having been demanded, their Hereditary Franchise; and that the Petitioners the Returning Officer adjourned the Proceedings from have been led to believe, from the Second Section of the Church w here the Acts of Parliament had been that Statute, which enacts, " That the Right of Elec-read and the Candidates nominated, to Hustings, " tion of a Member or Members to serve in Parlia-which had been erected under the Market House, " ment for the said Borough of Cricklade, shall be, and where the Poll soon after commenced; and that only " is (thereby) declared to be, in such Freeholders as One Poll Clerk having been appointed, agreeable to " aforesaid, and in the Persons who, by the Custom the Practice at all former Elections in the said Bo- " and Usage of the said Borough, then had, or here-rough, with Check Clerks for the Candidates, the " after should have, a Right to vote at such Elec-Returning Officer, to prevent Confusion from the " tion," that, without the Participation of both Classes Crowds who attended this Election, all being equally of Electors, there could, after the passing of the said anxious to get to the Books, directed that, of the Two Act, be no legal Election of Representatives for the Classes of Voters, the Freeholders in the adjoining said Borough, and in this Opinion the Petitioners have Hundreds, who under the Act of the Twenty-second of been confirmed by the concluding Part of the same His present Majesty, commonly called the Cricklade Section, which directs, that " the proper Officer for Act, have a Right to vote at all Elections of Members " the Time being to whom the Return of every Writ to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, should be " or Process does belong, is (thereby) required to polled before the Inhabitants, anil in Consequence of " return the Person or Persons to serve in Parliament these Directions of the Returning Officer, only the " for the said Borough, who shall have the major aforesaid Freeholders wjerc admitted to the Books to " Number of Votes of such Freeholders, and other

vote either on the First or on the Second Day’s Poll; " Persons having a Right to vote at such Election:"

and that upon the Close of the Second Day’s Poll, on And therefore, on Behalf of themselves and the other

Thursday, the 24th Day of June last, the Returning Inhabitants Voters of the said Borough, praying the

Officer having declared the Numbers to have been for House to take the Premises into Consideration, and the said Samuel Petrie in, for the said Thomas Estcourt to grant such Relief as to the House shall seem

246, and for the said John IValker Heneage 194, ad- meet.

joumed the Poll to the next Morning at N ine o'Clock, Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into.

at the same Time giving Notice that it would then be Consideration at the same Time that the last pre-again opened to receive the further Suffrages of the ceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Con-

Voters; and that the Petitioners believing from the sideration.

1 Memorandum:

Sontbtvark

Roads Ptti-

tmo reported.

31 Geo.

13 — 14° Decembris:

57

Memorandum: ' enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending.

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating and making more effectual, the Powers of Two several the Trials of controverted Elections, or Re- Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign.

turns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Nearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mari is, 14° die Decembris’, Anno 31° Georgii IIP* Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

LORD inlliam Russell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " opening and making a new Road from the East " End ot New Street, in the Parish of Saint John -

" mirk,to and through the several Places therein

" mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in ltepair for the future," and also, another Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for repairing several Roads adjoining to the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that such Part of the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, as directs Notices to lie affixed upon the Doors of the Session Houses at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the

Counties where the Roads to be repaired do lie, had been complied with; and that the Notices directed to be given in the Newspapers, in the Months of

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from Nexe Street, in the Parish of John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair: And that Lord llussell and Mr. William Clement Finch do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Robert Austen, IVdliam Brightn'cH Sum- Kingston and ner, Philip Carteret IVebb, William John Martyr, Sh.etbndge

and William Ilaydon, Esquires, George Alcllenh, John Road *<u*

Pechb, Edmund Elkins, Richard Sparkis, John U0D"

and George Bairett, Gentlemen, and the Reverend Owen Manning, Clerk, on Behalf of themselves and other Trustees appointed for surveying, . ordering, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading, from the Town of Kingston upon Tin the County, of Surrey, to a Place called Shectbridge, near.

in the County of Southampton, in and by virtue of Two. several Acts of Parliament, the first passed in ther Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re-,

" pairing and widening the Road leading from the.

" Town of Kingston upon litanies, in the county of,

" Surrey. to a Place called Shcetbridge, near Petersfield,

" in the County of Southampton, and also the Road " from HindheadHeath, through Fernhurst Lane and

" Midhurst, to the City of Chichester, in the County of " Sussex,"and the other, an Act, passed in the Eighth.

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

" and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by " an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty, so far as the said Act rtlates to the repairing and w idening the Road from " the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County " of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet bridge ,near " field, in the County of Southampton" was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Act have proceeded in widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Road from Kingston upon Thames to Slieetbvidge, and, in the doing thereof, have been obliged to borrow divers large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain due; and that the Powers granted by the said Acts have, in some

August and September,had been published Three Times Instances, been found insufficient to answer the good

in the Months ot October and A member;and that the Purposes thereby intended, and the Term granted by Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- the said Acts is nearly expiring; and that the Money tion, and had directed him to report tire same, as it borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in appeared to them, to the House; and he read the good and sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at by the said Acts be further enlarged, and some of the the Clerk’s Table: Where tire same was read; and is as Powers and Authorities thereby given altered and followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the sard Acts were read: And

Mr. John Hosier being examined, said, That the Trustees for putting the said Acts into Execution lane opened and made a new Road, pursuant to tire Directions of the said first-mentioned Act, and upon the Credit thereof have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been expended in making the said Road, and keeping the same, and the several other Roads mentioned in the said Acts, in Repair.

increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering and increasing the Powers and Authorities, granted by the said Acts, so far as relates to the Repair of the said Road from Kingston upon Thames to Shectbridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Clement Finch, Lord William llussell, 8cc.: And they are to meet To-

Tlvat the said Roads cannot be effectually kept in morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Robert Austen, llllliam Hnydon, and John Martyr, Esquires, and Edmund Elkins, Gentleman, Mortgagees of the Tolls granted in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill for Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for Vol.4G. Q repairing

Repair, and amended, and the Money advanced on the Credit of the said Acts be repaid, unless the Term thereby granted be enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual. — And he added. That in order to prevent the Evasion of the Tolls, it will be necessary to erect a Gate on Rotherhithe

14" Decembris.

A. 1790.

repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town next, or at the End of the then next Session of Parlia-of Kingston upon 'Humes, in the County of Surrey, ment, and unless the Term thereby granted be con* to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the tinued and enlarged, the Money due as aforesaid will

County of Southampton, intituled, "An Act for re- be utterly lost by the Petitioners: And therefore praypairing and widening the Road leading from the ing, That the said Acts may be continued and en- Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of larged, so far as relates to the Tolls for repairing and " Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, widening the said Road from Kingston upon Thames to " in the County of Southampton, ami also the Road Sheetbridge, and such Provisions made for securing the

from Hindhead Heath, through Femhurst Lane and Money so advanced as aforesaid, as to the House shall " Midhurst, to the City of Chichester, in the County of appear reasonable.

" Sussex," and continued and enlarged by another Act, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Consideration of the Committee, to whom the preceding Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and Petition is referred: And that they do examine the " render more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty- appear to them, to the House.

" second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, so far

as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from Account of the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called " in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet- in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant " bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southamp- to their Order,

u ton," on Behalf ot themselves, and the rest of the An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer. Bills

Creditors under the said Acts, was also presented to the made forth in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Session of Parliament^ intituled, "An Act for enabling have advanced divers large Sums of Money upon the " His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which, Uses and Purposes therein mentioned." together with the Interest due thereupon, amount in And then he withdrew, the Whole to the Sum of £. 3,650 and upwards; and And the Title of the said Account was read, that the said Apts will expire on the 24th Day of June The said Account is as followeth; vis.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made forth in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, " for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned."

THE Exchequer Bills made forth in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes *‘ therein mentioned," amount to the Sum of One Million.

Exchequer,

the 14th Day of December 1790. Robert Jennings.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bernard, Mr. Henry Bicester and A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Aylesbury thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Road Peti- Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Tenth have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Re-®"* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, cords.

4‘ An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

" Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Bicester most " the County of Bucks," was presented to the House, and others, of the Counties of Oxford, Buckingham, Aynho Road and read; Getting forth, That the Trustees appointed and Northampton, was presented to the House, and by the said Act nave proceeded to carry the same into read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of the Market Place in Bicester, in the County of Oxford,

Money on the Credit thereof, which have been applied through the Parishes of Bicester aforesaid, Caxerfvdd, in in amending the said Road; and that the Money bor- the County of Bucks, and BuckneU Stoke, Lyne, Fritwell, rowed cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually and in the said County of Oxford, to the

amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Turnpike Road in the Parish of Aynho, in the County Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therefore of Northampton, are in a ruinous Condition, and in praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet by the ordinary Course of Law; And therefore

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Bill for amending and widening the said Roads, and

keeping

14° Decem.

Downton Ejection-Petition of Freeholders.

31 Geo. III.

keeping the same in Repair, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bernard, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Motes Boom, Joseph Jellyman, Joseph Chinn, Edward Barter, Richard Edmunds, Thomas JVomell, William Winter, Theophilus Lewis, and Henry Plaskctt, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, was delivered in at the Table,

59

related, were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order;

A Petition of the Petitioners thereunder subscribed, Radnor Eke* who are Freeholders for the County of Radnor, was t"n — *5"* read: Setting forth, That under and by virtue of an Act ne* of Parliament, made in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth,

Chapter the 26th, it is enacted, that the Shire Court or County Court, of and for the County of Radnor, in the Principality of Wales, should be kept One Time at New Radnor, and One other Time at Preston, altemis vicibus; and that, by the Seventh and Eighth of William the Third, Chapter 25, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that upon every Election of Knights of the Shire in the then or any future Parliament, the Sheriff for the County where such Election shall be made shall hold his County Court for the same Election at

and read Setting forth, That the laat Election "f51 Public , and ""* Pla" of plecti°° of Bnrge^tt, rve so Parliament for the Borough of Downton, Robert Shafto, Esquire, William

Wrightson, Esquire, the Honourable Bartholomew Bossverie, and Sir William Scott, Knight, were Candidates; and that the said Election came on, at Downton aforesaid, on the 18th Day of June last, and a Poll

for Forty Years last past; and that, by the Twenty-fifth of George the Third, Chapter 84, it is enacted, that the Sheriff shall, within Two Days after the Receipt of the Writ, catise Proclamation to be made, at the Place where the ensuing Election ought by Law to be holden, of a special County Court to be there

being demanded, the same was taken before Robert t> t T rti . , -

Blah, Esquire, who Kted as Ke.nn.ing Officer for the J?lde?/orJ ,he P"I"* of ,su,ch " "T

Mid Borough, under an Appointment.* Depot, to «cep^) not la^ from he Da, of n^.

' ~ . r\ _ . r w trut cur'll Hmrlamtitinn than thA SivloAnth nnr QAAnoi

Joseph Elderton, Esquire, the Steward of the Manor and Borough of Doicntm aforesaid; and that the Petitioners, being severally Freeholders of Burgage Tenements within the said Borough of Downton, and lawful Electors of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, did, at the said Poll, tender their Votes for the said Robert Shajto and William Wrightson to the said Robert Blake, who- ought to have admitted their said Votes on the said Poll, but the said Robert Blake

ing such Proclamation than the Sixteenth, nor sooner than the Tenth, and that he shall proceed in such Election at such special County Court in the same Manner as if the said Election was to be held at a County Court, or at an adjourned County Court, according to the Laws now in being; and that it has always been usual to bold the County or Shire Court for the County of Radnor at New Radnor and Preston (commonly called Presteign) altemis vicibus, pursuant to the said Statute of the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth of Henry the Eighth; and that on Tuesday the 15th

did partially, illegally, and wrongfully, reject tire

greater Part of the Votes of the Petitioners, and of ..... c T ' c cl- r> r< />. - -

divers other Persons having legal Votes, and duly gsjpof Jam last, the Sh.re Court or Count, Court of

qualified u> vote for Members fbi the said Borough Itto at and

and did receive many illegal Votes in Favour of tte ‘^rwla, nett alter the holding of such County

said Bartholomew BalverUand Sir William Scoll, and, Co',rt-.? {SI"£ L"n'. His Majesty Wnt e''Tg under Colour of a Majority so procured in Favour of a K,mSht for <ha County of Radnor to sene at the then the said Bartholomew Bonome and Sir IVUHarn Scoll, «« ensuing Parltamenh was dehverol to the Shenff

and although in Fact there was a great Majority of of fheD,a,d Co"Ji ,nd ,be 8ald, She"ff. legal Votes in Favour of the said Robert Shajto and "ake ‘o ttie sa.d Suitute of the

nitliamIVriahlwm. the »id BoberI Blake did declare Twenty-fifth of George foe Third, nor hold any speaal

William Wrightson, the said Robert Blake did declare the said Bartholomew Bouverie and Sir William Scott duly elected, and hath taken upon himself falsely and illegally to make a Return of the said Bartholomew Bouverie and Sir William Scott as Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners are Teady and desirous to substantiate and prove their several Rights to vote at the said Election, and also to prove the Illegality of the several illegal Votes admitted for the said Bartholomew Bouverie and Sir William Scott: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, tire 31st Day of March next, at the same Time that tire Petition of William

County Court for the Purpose of proceeding to such Election at New Radnor, which under the several Laws aforesaid was the Place at which Proclamation should have been made, and a special County Court should have been held, but, on Tuesday the 29th Day of June aforesaid, at Presteign, did illegally proceed to the Election of a Knight for the said County of Radnor, to serve for the present Parliament, and did then and there illegally declare Thomas Johnes, Esquire, duly elected, and did afterwards return tire said Thomas Johnes as Knight of the Shire for the said County, by which Proceedings the Petitioners, who are Freeholders of the said County, are greatly aggrieved: And therefore praying, That tire said Election may be declared null and void, and that another Writ may be directed to issue for electing a Knight to serve for the said County in this present Parliament.

,. j 1,_. . . m r________ Ordered, That the said Petition he taken into Con-

Hngbum, Eaqutrc, ta ordered to he token mto Con- ’upon Thur r the g,h D Jmc

m r« wn at Three Qf the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered, to he presented to the A Petition of Richard Smith, Esquire, was read; Boaton Elaa*

House; the same were delivered in at the Table: And Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to tion — Pet*, tire Names of the Places, to winch tire stud Petitions serve in Parliament for the Borough of Boston, in tire.

Vol.46. ‘ ' County *Bau‘-

Boston Election — Petition of Freemen.

Stockbridge EAfctlott-k n Petitioi of J Electbri l|,-»

U1 - Ji.

l4B Decemb

A. 1790,

County of Linchln, Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, Thomas

Fydell, Esquire, John Fydell, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and a Poll being demanded, \vas accordingly had, and John Esquire, the

Mayor of the said Borough, presided as Returning Officer thereat; and that the said John acted with great Partiality in Favour of the said Thomas,

and against the Petitioner, by. rejecting many legal Votes which were tendered on Behalf of the Petitioner, and admitting Votes of the same Description in Favour of the said Thomas Fydell, and also by admitting many Persons to vote for the said Thomas who

had no Right whatever, or who had been corruptly and unduly procured to give their Votes for him; and that the said Thomas Fydell by himself, or his Agents, was, preyious to and during the said Election, guilty of Bribery and other illegal Practices, in order to obtain a colourable Majority on the Poll, and by Means thereof, and of the undue Practices of the said Hill, procured himself to be returned a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Thomas Fydell, previous to and at the Time of the said Election was Receiver General of the Land Tax, and also of the Taxes on Houses and Windows, and the Horse Tax, Carriage, and Servants Tax, for the said County of Lincoln, or a Part or Division thereof, or entitled to the Benefit of such Appointment, or some Part thereof, by virtue of some secret Trust or Confidence, declared or acknowledged in respect thereof, and the said Thomas Fydell actually received or enjoyed the Profits arising therefrom, ana by virtue , of such Appointment or Trust the said

iliQinds, Fydell was and is incapable of being elected a Member to serve for the said Borough, or to sit and vote in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Coo-t

sideration upon Tuesday, the 14th Day of June next, at Three of the £lock in the Afternoon.

, A. Petition ,of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the Borough of Boston, in the County, of Lincoln, was also read; Setting forth. That at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, and Thomas Fydell, Esquire, were returned as Burgesses to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the Sjaid Sir Peter Burrell, by himself and Agents, was guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt Practices, in procuring, or endeavouring to procure, Persons to vote for him at. the said Election; and that, by these and other illegal Means, the said Sir Peter Burrell procured, a Majority of Voters at the said Election, and by Means, thereof was returned as One of the Burgesses to repre-, sent the said Bor.ough in Parliament, to the Grievance, of the Petitioners, and the great Prejudice of the Rights and Privileges of the Freemen of the said Borough having Right to vote at such Ejection: And, therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and give them such Relief as the Cireumptanc.es of the Case may appear to, deserve.

( Ordered^ , Tha} the said Petition be taken into Cqn-sideration^at^ the same, Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.'

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as* shall be, thought necessary/ by the several Parties, on the Hearing of thy Mattery of the said Petitions, j

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being mytful Electors of the Borough of Stock-' Irndyc, in the County of Southampton, was delivered hi-

at’ the Table, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners had a Right to vote at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Joseph Foster Barham, George Porter, John Cater, and John Scott, Esquires, were Candidates, and at such Election New-

man took upon himself the Office of Baiiitf and Returning Officer for the said Borough, without having

o 9 a > a

been sworn into the said Office, and without being

7 o

duly qualified for tho Exercise thereof, according to Law, and did return the said John Cator and John Scott as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the paid Borough; and that one John Churcher likewise illegally assumed to himself the Office of Bailiff and Returning Officer of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and did also return the said John Cator and John Scott as duly elected Members to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the Petitioners, conceiving the said William Neicman arid John Churcher to be disqualified to take a Poll, and make a proper Return of Members to serve in Parliament, declined to give their Votes before them; and that the said John Cator and John Scott were not duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the House win take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 31st Day of May next, at the same Time that the Petition of Joseph Foster Barham and George Porter, Esquires, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his "Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thoaght necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trjals of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases/ were sent, to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for; their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which thy said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 00 C°r® House, to consider of the Laws relating to the Impor- ^aws* tation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Representation of the Represent*. Lords of the Committee of Council, appointed for Lord* the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and referr^' Foreign Plantations, upon the ’ present State of the Laws for regulating the Exportation1 and Importation of Corn, and submitting to His Majesty’s Consideration 'some further Provisions which are wanting to amend and improve the said Laws (which was presented to the House upon the 18th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions'; which they had directed hiin to report, when the ’ House will please to*receive the same.

Committee on Land Tax Bill.

Fovrey Election — Petition of Elec* tors.

31 Geo. III. 14® Decem. 61

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1789 out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1791-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through' the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of John Rash Richard Samuel Nicolls, Nevel Norway, and Benjamin Bloomfield, of the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, being Persons who had a Right to vote at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on Behalf of themselves and others, who were at the said Election lawful Electors for the said Borough, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the last General Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, the Honourable Richard Edgcumbe, Esquire, commonly called Lord Valletort, and Philip Rashleigh, Esquire, and the Right honourable Molyneux Lord Shuldham of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Bath, were Candidates; and that at the said Election a Poll was demanded* and taken before William Stackhouse, Esquire, the Portreeve and Returning Officer of the said Borough, and during the said Poll the said iniliam Stackhouse rejected several legal Votes which were tendered for the said Lord Valletort and Philip Rashleigh, notwithstanding which, a great Majority of legal Votes appearing on the said Poll in Favour of the said Lord Valletort and Philip Rashleigh, they were, by the said William Stackhouse, declared to be duly elected, and hare been so returned *by him to the Sheriff of the said County; and that Thomas Mein, at the same Election, pretended to be the Portreeve and Returning Officer of the said Borough, and presumed to act as such Returning Officer, without any lawful Authority so to do, and the said Thomas Mein, at a Poll taken before him, admitted many Persons to vote for the said Molyneux Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne who were not legal Voters, and rejected many legal Votes which were tendered for the said Lord Valletort and Philip Rashleigh, and for whom a Majority of legal Electors did tender their Votes to the said Thomas Mein; and that the said Molyneux Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of many Acts of Bribery and Corruption before and in the Course of the said Election, and did bribe and corrupt many of the Electors of the said Borough to vote for them, the said Molyneux Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, w ho would otherwise have voted for the said Lord Valletort and Philip Rashleigh; and that by strh and other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, and by such improper and

Vol. 46.

unwarrantable Conduct of the said Thomas Mein as is above set forth, a colourable Majority was procured for the said Molyneux Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne on the Poll so taken before the said Thomas > and, under Colour of such apparent Majority, the said Thomas Mein unduly and illegally made a Return of the said Molyneux Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne to the Sheriff of the said County, whereas the said Lord Valletort and Philip Rashleigh had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; and that the said Sheriff has annexed to his Writ not only the true Return so made as aforesaid by the said William Stackhouse, but also the Return so made by the said Thomas Mein: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to direct the Clerk, of the Crown to take the Return so made by the said Thomas Mein off the File, and that the said Lord Valletort and Philip Rashleigh may be declared to be duly elected Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, and that the Petitioners may have such further Relief as the Justice of their Case shall appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 8th Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of the Honourable Richard Edgcumbe, commonly called Lord and Philip Rashleigh, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Re- cords, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Sir James Laroche, Baronet, and John Sullivan, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That previous to and at the last General Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, there was no lawful Mayor of the said Borough, and

n 7

that therefore* the Senior Alderman of the said Borough was the legal and proper Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that, before and at the said Election, Robert Edyvean was the Senior Alderman of the said Borough, and resident therein, but that, notwithstanding the Premises, Richard Esquire, Sheriff

of the s.aid County, caused the Precept for the said Election to be delivered to one Francis John Hcxt, who then pretended to be the lawful Mayor, and, under that Pretence, claimSR to,be the legal and proper Returning Officer of the said Borough; and that, at the said Election, Sir John Morshead, Baronet, and Roger Wilbraham, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that the said Francis John Hext, under the Pretence aforesaid, presumed to act as such Returning Officer at the said Election, and took a Poll at the same, and made a Return to the Sheriff of the said County, in his own Name, and the Names of certain other Persons who countenanced Iris Claim; and that the Petitioners insist that the said Francis John Hext was not, at the Time of the said Election, the lawful Mayor, nor the legal and proper Returning Officer for the said Borough, hut usurped the said Office, and that therefore the said Election could not lawfully be had before him, but is wholly void: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and to give them such Relief as the Justice thereof may appear to deserve.

And the said Petition being one of those described in the Fourth Class, according to the Resolution of the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday, the 16th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of John Pomeroy, Esquire, Joseph Edyvean, Gentleman, William Hamley, Surgeon, Thomas Flamank, Gentleman, Philip Deacon, Gentleman, and

R Samuel

Bocfmih Election — Petition of Sir James Laroche and Mr. Sullivan.

Bodmin

Election — Petition of Electors*

Mr. Hunt's

Petition re* lativeto Pod-min Election offered.

62 14® Decem_ .1790.

Samuel Spiller, Saddler, of the Borough of Bodmin, in

the County of Cornwall, being Persons who had a Right to vote at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on Behalf of themselves, and others, who w’ere at the said Election lawful Electors for the said Borough, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That previous to and at the last General Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, there was no lawful Mayor of the said Borough, and that therefore the Senior Alderman of the said Borough was the legal and proper Returning Officer; and that before and at the said Election Robert Edyvean was the Senior Alderman of the said Borough, and resident therein, but that, notwithstanding the Premises, Richard Hichens, Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, caused the Precept for the said Election to be delivered to Francis John who then pretended to be the lawful Mayor, and, under that Pretence, claimed to be the legal and proper Returning Officer of the said Borough; and that, at the said Election, Sir John Morshead, Baronet, Roger Wilbraham, Esquire, Sir James Laroche, Baronet, and John Sullivan, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Francis John Hext, under the Pretence aforesaid, presumed to act as such Returning Officer at the said Election, and took a Poll at the same, and made a Return to the Sheriff of the said County, in his own Name, and the Names of certain other Persons who countenanced his Claim; and that the Petitioners insist that the said Francis John Hext was not, at the Time of the said Election, the lawful Mayor, nor the legal and proper Returning Officer for the said Borough, but usurped the said Office, and that therefore the said Election could not lawfully be had before him, but is wholly void; And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and to give them such Relief as the Justice thereof may appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of George Hunt, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and others, Electors of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, being offered; Stating, That the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, are a Body Corporate, and the Mayor of the said Borough, for the Time being, has nlways been held to be the proper Officer of the said Borough to preside at the Election of Members to represent the said Borough in Parliament, and to return the Precept of the Sheriff of Cornwall for holding such Election, and has always been used and accustomed so to do, and that the several Members of the said Body Corporate are the Electors, to whom the Election of Members to serve in Parliament doth of Right belong: That Francis John Hext, Gentleman, then Mayor of the said Borough, having, on the 16th Day of June last, received a Precept from the Sheriff

of the County of Cornwall, directed to the Mayor of the said Borough, requiring him to cause Two Burgesses to be elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, did, on the 17th Day of June 1790, give due Notice that, on the 22d Day of June then Instant, he should proceed to an Election for choosing of Two Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Obedience to the said Precept; and that, on the said 22d Day of June, Fourteen Persons, Members of the said Body Corporate, whereof the Petitioner was one, in pursuance of such Notice, assembled in the Town Hall of the said Borough, and the said Francis John Hext, as Mayor of the said Borough, then and there proceeded to such Election, when Sir John Morshead, Baronet, and Roger ham, Esquire, were elected to serve in Parliament as Representatives of the said Borough, the Petitioner, and Nine others of the said Corporators so assembled, voting for the said Sir John Morshead and Roger braham, Esquire, and the other Four Corporators so assembled declining to vote at that Election: That Robert Edyvean, the Senior Capital Burgess and Counsellor of the said Borough, claiming to have a Right to preside in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and that the Execution and Return of the said Precept did belong to him, on the 18th Day of June gave Notice, that he should hold an Election on the 23d Day of June for the same Purpose, and on the said 23d Day of June, in pursuance of such Notice, Seventeen of the Members of the said Body Corporate assembled at the Town Hall of the said Borough, when the said Sir John Morshead and Roger Wilbraham, and also Sir James Laroche and John Sullivan, Esquire, were proposed as Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament, when Seven of the said Corporators so assembled polled for the said Sir James Laroche and John Sullivan, and the Petitioner, and Eight others of the said Corporators, who had on the said 2 2d Day of June voted for the said Sir John Morshead and Roger Wilbraham, tendered their Votes to the said Robert Edyvean for the said Sir John Morshead and Roger Wilbraham, the said Francis John Hext, who then also attended, declining to vote; and that the said Robert Edyvean then rejected the Votes of the Petitioner and the said Eight other Corporators, alledging, that they had already voted at that Election, and consequently could not vote again, and be then declared the said Sir James Laroche and John Sullivan duly elected; and that the said Francis John Hext afterwards made a Return of the said Precept to the said Sheriff, and thereby certified that the said Sir John Morshead and Roger Wilbraham were duly elected to represent the said Borough in Parliament, but the said Robert Edyvean did not make any Return in Consequence of his Election held on the said 23d Day of June as aforesaid: That the Petitioner is informed, that since the Time of the said Election, an Information, in the Nature of a Writ of Quo JVarranto, hath been filed in His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, against the said Francis Johti Hext, for taking upon him to exercise the Office of Mayor of the said Borough, the Proceedings whereon are now depending in the said Court, and that a Petition has been presented to the House, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the said Sir John Morshead and Roger Wilbraham to serve in Parliament as Representatives of the said Borough; and that the Petitioner conceives, that if, in Consequence of the Proceedings upon the said Information in the said Court of Kings Bench, or for any other Reason, the Committee of this House, to whom the said Petition may be referred, shall be of Opinion that the said Francis John Hext was not the proper Returning Officer of the said Borough, and that therefore the Election of the said Sir John Morshead and Roger Wilbraham shall be declared to be void, and that the said Robert

Edyvean,

31 Geo. III-

14" Decembris.

63

Edyvean, the Senior Burgess of the said Borough, was, of the Declarations exchanged between His Majesty’s

at the said Election, the proper Returning Officer of the said Borough, the Petitioner, and the other Members of the said Body Corporate, whose Votes were tendered to the said Robert Edyvean, on the said 23d Day of June, for the said Sir John Morskcad and Roger Wilbraham, and rejected by him as aforesaid, will be deprived of their Rights and Franchises, by Reason that

Ambassador and the Minister of the Catholick King* and of the Convention which has since been concluded, and which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to ordpr to be laid before us:

That we are eager to embrace the first Opportunity of offering to His Majesty our cordial Congratulations on so satisfactory an Issue of the late Negociation,

the said Robert Edyvean has not made any Return of which has continued to these Kingdoms the Blessings

Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And praying the House to take the several Matters above-mentioned into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioner such Relief in the Premises as shall seem just and meet;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-

of Peace, has maintained the Honour of His Majesty’s Crown, by providing an adequate Reparation for the Violence which was committed at and

has secured to His Majesty’s Subjects the Exercise of their Navigation, Commerce, and Fisheries, in those Parts of the World which were the Subject of Discussion; and that we observe at the same Time, with

tuled, " An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted peculiar Pleasure, the happy Prospect, which is afforded

" Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in " Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made id the 23th Vear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to limit the Duration of Polls " and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations

Motions respecting the Poshes-

" touching the Election of Members to serve in " Parliament for Places within England and I Tales, " and for Berzi'ick upon Tweed; and also for removing

" Difficulties which may arise for want of Returns " being made of Members to serve io Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And it appearing to the House, that the said Petition was not within the Provisions of any of the said Acts, the same was not delivered in at the Table.

Then the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House such Information as is necessary to ascertain what are the most Northern

fSir William

fn°>T<»rthPaln Parts of the North West Coast of North , and of the Islands adjacent, already occupied by Spain;

It passed in the Negative.

and South America* Keg.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House such Information as is necessary to ascertain what are the most Southern Parts of the Eastern and Western Coasts of South America, and of the Islands adjacent, already occupied by Spain;

It passed in the Negative.

Declaration* and Convention with Spain, considered.

by this amicable Arrangement, of avoiding future Occasions of Misunderstanding with the Court of Spain, and of preserving that Harmony and friendly Intercourse which must so essentially promote the Interest of the Two Countries;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

(Sir James St. Clair

Ershine, 123.

Mr. Adam: r s

Tellers for the Noes,) Mr. Ros

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented td His Majesty, assuring His Majesty, that His faithful Commons have proceeded to an attentive Consideration of the Declarations exchanged between His Majesty’s Ambassador and the Minister of the Catholick King, and of the Convention which has since been concluded, and which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to order to be laid before us:

That we are eager to embrace the first Opportunity of offering to His Majesty our cordial Congratulations on so satisfactory an Issue of the late Negociation, which has continued to these Kingdoms the Blessings of Peace, has maintained the Honour of His Majesty’s Crown, by providing an adequate Reparation for the Violence which was committed at Nootka, and has secured to His Majesty’s Subjects the Exercise of their Navigation, Commerce, and Fisheries, in those Parts of the World which were the Subject of Discussion; and that we observe at the same Time, with peculiar Pleasure, the happy Prospect, which is afforded by this amicable Arrangement, of avoiding future Occasions of Misunderstanding with the Court of Spain, and of preserving that Harmony and friendly Intercourse which must so essentially promote the Interest of the Two Countries.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of Hia

\»ldress

hereupoo*

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Copy of the Declaration and Counter-Declaration,

signed and exchanged at Madrid,the 24th of July Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Estimate* 1790, by His Majesty’s Ambassador and the Minister suant to their Address to His Majesty, presented —

of the King of Spain; and Translation: And also, the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and Guards and

Copy of the Convention between His Majesty and the other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Garrisons.

King of Spain, signed at The Escurial, the 28th of Jersey, and from 25th 1790 to 24th

October 1790; and Translation (which were presented December 1791, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also,

upon the 3d Day of this Instant December, by His Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in Forces in the Majesty’s Command). the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, Plantation*.

And the said Translations were read. and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th

And a Motion being made, and the Question being December 179° to 24th December 1791, both inclusive, proposed, That an humble Address be presented to being 365 Days: And also,

His Majesty, assuring His Majesty, that His faithful Estimate of the Charge of the General and General General and Commons have proceeded to an attentive Consideration Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 179G General Staff Vol. 46. Mr

Officers.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the . House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Troops in Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light East India. Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service in East Lidia, for' the Year 1791, being 365 Days: And also,

Additionals Estimate of the Charge of Additionals to the Regi-to Troops in ment of Light Dragoons serving in East , and of East India. Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791, both inclusive, being365 Days: And also,

Allowances Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the to the Pay- Paymaster Generafof His Majesty’s' Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of 1 ' the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the

Comptrollers of the Accoinpts of the Arpiy; of the

Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1791: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th December 1790, to 24th December 1791, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Seven Battalions of Foot, serving in North America and the West , from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of the Contingencies of the said Forces, for the Year 1791.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.


ESTIMATE

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers*

Difference between British and Irish establishments.

Recruiting Land Forces, &c.

o

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

RT

o

tr*

s»

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Jersey, and from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791,

both inclusive, being 365 Days.

\ Pay of Commission, N on-Commissioned Charge of Clothing of Non-Commissioned Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Hiding Masters, and Serjeants.

CORPS. N ambers. Officers, and Officers and Agency.

Private Men, Private Men.

[First Regiment of Life Guards - - - 234 . - m <m m W _

Horse: Second Ditto -

(Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - - - 319 - m m - m - -

785 m m

'First Regiment of Dragoon Guards - - - 336 15,291 15 3 1,712 5 — 339 — 4f 558

Second Ditto ... - - - 225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372

Third Ditto - - - 225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 228 12 2 372

Dragoons: Earl* of Pembrokes Regiment of Dragoons - 225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372

Lieutenant General Johnstons m - - 225 m m 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 228 12 2 372

Lord Southampton's - - - 226 - 10,523 5 3 1,147 16 9* 228 19 9* 372

Lord Howard's - - - 225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372

-Lieutenant General s - - - 225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372

rSir Henry Clinton's - - - 225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 ia — 228 12 2 372 *

Lieutenant General Pitt's - - 225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372

Light . Dragoons: General Hodgson’s - - - 225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372

Lord Dorchester’s - 225 - 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372

I LMajor General Harcourt’s - - - 225 0 OQ7 10,486 15 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372

’First Regiment of Foot Guards - 1,649 - " a» -

Foot Guards: Coldstream Ditto - - - - 1,058 tr - - m -

L Third Ditto - - m - - 1,058 m m - + m m -

3765

TOTAL.

r '

21,352 15 2

21,084 8 6

26,054 18 4

17,901 — 71

12,228 17 5

12,228 17 5

12,228 17 5

12,228 17 5

12,272 1 9 i

12,228 17 5

12,228 17 5

12,228 17 5

12,228 17 5

' 12,228 17 5

12,228 17 5

12,228 17 5

46,153 2 —

29,931 17 IO *

29,986 12 10

68,492 2 —

164,690 14 —

106,071 12 8

i 3

31 Geo. III. 14° Decembrls,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, &c. — continued.

D

(Q

n'

CD

Q_

CT

CD

o

FT

CORPS. Numbers* Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers And Private Men. Agency - Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants. T O

r Lieutenant General Halts Regiment of Foot -1 469 mm m 8,392 11 3 i 1,361 1 2 i 181 17 41 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

General Armstrong's - 469 - 8,392 u 33 ,361 1 2 3 181 17 41 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Major General Hot hams - 469 - 8,392 11 33 1,361 1 2 3 181 17 4i 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lieutenant General Morrisons- - 469 - 8,392 11 33 1,361 1 2 3 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

General Graeme's - 469 - 8,392 11 3 3 1,361 1 23 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Earl of Hari'ingtons - 469 - 8,392 n 33 1,361 1 2 3 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Sir Henry Calder's - 469 - 8,392 11 33 1,361 1 23 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lieutenant General Clarke's - - 469 - 8,392 u 33 1,361 1 23 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Toot: < Earl Cornwallis's - - 469 — 8,392 n 33 1,361 1 23 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

- Lord Frederick Cavendish's - 469 — 8,392 u 33 1,361 1 2 3 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lieutenant General Fletchers - 469 - 8,392 ii 33 1,361 1 23 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Sir John Dalling's - 469 - 8,392 11 3 3 1,361 1 2 3 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Sir Hector Munro's - 469 - 8,392 11 3 3 1,361 1 2 3 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lieutenant General - 469 - - 8,392 u 33 1,361 1 23 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lieutenant General Elphinstone's - 469 - 8,392 n 33 1,361 123 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lieutenant General Frederick's - 469 - 8,392 11 33 1,361 1 2 3 181 17 43 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

7,504

Thirty-six Independent Companies of Invalids - - 1,620 27,077 8 9 2,299 10 866 i 17 — 2,880 — - -

Garrisons with Fire and Candle - - - 302 - - - 782 0 r» I 2 m - 55 — — 29,664 7 3

Total - m 17,013 302,527 17 8 40,275 2 113 6,859 8 73 16,609 '

570,49911 21

War Office, 14th December 1790.

Ci

O

167,619 17 4 33»»23 15 9

30,501 9

Geo. Y

14° Decembris. A. 1790:

g

cq’

r-h

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

CD

o

cS

FT

o

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in South Wales, from 25th December 1790

to 24th December 1791, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

C O R P s. Numbers. Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Piivaie Men, Agency, Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, burgeons, and Serjeants. T 0

Lieutenant General Burgoyne's Regiment of Foot - 469 - . 8,392 11 3* 1,361 1 2} 181 17 4 1 540 15 — / 10,476 4 10

Major General Stops - . - - - 469 - 8,392 11 3 i 1,361 1 2 i 1&1 17 4 I 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lieutenant General s - - 469 - 8,392 n 3 f 1,361 2 2 i 181 *7 4 4 540 >5 — 10,476 4 10

Prince Edward's - - m - 469 - 8,529 13 U 1,361 1 21 183 1 84 540 15 — 10,614 11 —

Lieutenant General Leslie s m m m - - 469 - 8,392 u 31 1,361 1 2 i 181 17 44 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Sir Robert Murray Keith's - - - 469 - 8,392 11 3* 1,361 1 2 i 181 17 44 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Major General Hyde's m m - - 469 - 8,392 11 3* 1,361 1 2 i 181 17 44 54015 — 10,476 4 10

Sir William Erskine's - - - 469 - 8,392 11 3 i 1,361 1 2i 181 17 44 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Major General Adeane's - - - - 469 - $,392 11 3 £ 1,361 1 2 i 181 17 44 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Major General Tonyn's - - m - - 469 - 8,392 11 3 i 1,361 1 2 I 181 17 44 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lieutenant General Maitland's 9 - - 469 - 8,392 u 3 i 1,361 1 2 i 181 17 44 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lieutenant General Campbell's - - - - 469 - 8,392 11 Si 1,361 1 2 181 17 44 54o 15 _ 10,476 4 10

Royal American Regiment, Four Battalions - - >,877 - 33,810 3 1 5,444 4 9 729 12 2,163 42,146 19 10

Major General Gunning's - m - 469 - 8,392 11 3 f 1,361 1 2 i 181 17 44 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lieutenant General s - - 469 - 8,392 11 3 i 1,361 1 2 { 181 17 44 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lieutenant General Brown's - m - 469 ft mo 8,392 u 3 i 1,361 1 2 I 181 17 44 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

GARRISONS, #*.

Quebec, Montreal, Nava Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, St. John's and Placentia in Newfoundland, and St. John's Island ——

Jamaica, Grenada, St. Vincent's, and Dominica -

Officers serving with the Forces in West Indies North America and the

Officers of Hospitals, serving in I Vest Indies - North America and the 1 -

199,428 18 6

5,502 16 2

2,195 10 3

13,345 l9 —

5,338 2 6

«1 US

F‘

si

31 Geo. III. 14° .

?y

3 5

12.

a

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, &c. — continued.

Cv

CO

CORPS. Numbers. Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. t Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants. T O T A L. / 1 v

r ' . I GIBRALTAR: r \

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, 2d Battalion - 469 Cl 00 13 4f 1,361 1 2 j 179 14 9i 540 15 — 10,234 4 4 \

Lieutenant General Jones's ----- - 469 8,392 " 3» 1,361 1 2 f 181 17 4* 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lieutenant General Smith's 469 - 8,392 11 3 i 1,361 1 2 i 181 17 4 i 540 15 — 10,476 4 10 »

Sir John Sebidght's ----- -- 469 - 8,392 11 3i 1,361 1 2 i 181 17 4t 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Lord George Lennox's - 469 8,392 11 3i 1,361 1 2 I 181 17 4t 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Earl of Ross's ----- --- 469 - 8,392 11 3 1,361 1 2 i 1S1 17 4i 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Sir Thomas Spencer Wilsons 469 - 8,392 11 3 i 1,361 1 2* 181 17 44 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

Sir David Lindsay's - - - % - 469 - 8,392 11 3i 1,361 1 2i 181 17 44 540 15 — 10,476 4 10

General Lambtons , - 469 4^221 8,392 11 3 1,361 1 2 T 181 17 44 540 15 — 10,476 4 10 94,044 3 —

» \ 3,554 13 4

iVE/r SOUTH WALES: ,

Major Grose's Corps - 319 4,714 7 6 884 2 1* 88 V 2 7i 447 15 — 9 m m - 6,134 7 3

Total - - - 9 - - 13.452 239,843 5 6 38,993 15 4i 5,181 12 10i 15,588 15 — m £ 329,544 10

War Office,

14th December 1790.

Gee. Yonge.

-4

<0

O

31 Geo. III.

14° Decembris.

69

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain,

for the Year 1791.

General and General Staff Officers, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791, both"! r e „

inclusive, heiner Q Du vs' -v - - - - - . _ j °

inclusive, being 365 Days

War Office,

14 December 1790.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot,

for Service in East India, for the Year 1791, being 365 Days.

Sir William Howe’s Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 25th December 1790 to 24th 1791, both in-

elusive:

Pay....

Clothing - - - - , -

Agency - -

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Riding Master -

Total for this Regiment

Lieutenant General St.John's Regiment of Foot:

Pay ——

Clothing - - - . -.

Agency - - _....

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, and Surgeon

Numbers.

902

Total for this Regiment

General Trapauds Major General Gordons Major General Murray’s Major General Sir Archibald Campbell’s Major General s

Major General s -

Colonel Marsh’s

Total *

902

902

902

902

902

902

902

902

415

Charge.

10J10 12 9i

2,296 5 3 i

231 — 94

427 16: —

13,713 — 74

2,453 — 4*

246 10 6i

752 — —

TOTAL

8,ll8

8,533

I-

13,665 14 10}

17,164 11 6 f

17.164 n

17.164 11

17.164 11

17.164 11

17.164 11

17.164 11

17.164 11

17.164 11

6 i 6 I 6f 6* 6 f 6 i 6 4 6 £

168,146 18 9

War Office,

14th December 1790.

Geo. Yonge.

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in the Year 1781, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops sent or to be sent to the East Indies on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only: And, as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of the/Additional recruiting for the Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present for this Purpose the Sum of I,.11,435. 12. 10 ;which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above

Estimate.

Vol. 46.

Staff Officers.

Troops in the East Indies.

Troops in the East Indies.

Paymaster

General.

70 14° Decem. A. 1790.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Numbers.

Charge.

Sir fVtlliam Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons:

Pay of Additional -Clothing Agency -

8

368 4 — I

44 M 4 i 3 8 5 1

Total

416

Lieutenant General St. John's Regiment of Foot, One Company:

Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men ....

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men - -

Agency ——

Allowance to the Captain -

54 -

968 19 10 i

197 8 — |

19 14 5

38 5 —

In all, for One Company

1,224

General Trapaud's Major General Gordon's Major General Murray's -Major General Medows's Sir Archibald Campbell's Major General Abercromby's Major General Musgrave's Colonel Marsh's

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

54

486

1.224

1.2.>4

1.224

1.224

1.224

1.224

1.224

1.224

Total

494

11,435

6 101

7 4

7 4 7 4 7 4 7 4 7 4 7 4 7 4 7 4

12 10 $

War Office,

14th December 1790.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Secretary at War;.to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry; — for the Year 1791.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, 8$(?

Fees at die Exchequer -

Secretary at War, his Deputy, Clerks, fyc" -

Commissary General of the Musters, and Ditto -

Judge Advocate General -

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army

L

17,782 10 — 12,000 ——

9,977 3 5 4,482 — 10 2,289 5 9 5,103 ——

Total for Offices

- 51,634 ——

Poundage to be returned to the Infantry upon Account

11,643 5 8

Total

63,276

5

8

War Office,

14th December 1790.

Geo. Yonge.

31 Geo. III.

14° Decembrist

71

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces,' from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791, both inclusive, beinj* 365 Days.

Horse Grenadier Guards:

Lieutenant Colonel

2 Majors -

3 Lieutenants and Captains

1 Lieutenant and Captain -

2 Guidons and Captains -S Sub Lieutenants

2 Adjutants -

2 Chaplains - -

2 Surgeons

2 Riding Masters

228.

173-

Agent -

Deputy Provost Marshal -

Foot: Invalids:

1 Major and Captain

\ 1 Major and Captain

2 Captains

1 Lieutenant -t

- each 172. 17.

Agency

41st

Regiment of Foot, or Invalids:

Lieutenant Colotiel as Colonel and Captain 5 Captains - - - each 171.

9 Lieutenants -1 7 Ensigns ' 1 Adjutant 1 Quarter Master 1 Surgeon «. 1 Mate -

Agency

Allowances /6 Captains, each £.80 to LSurgeon -

Companies

of

Invalids:

14 Captains 14 Lieutenants 13 Ensigns

- each £. 171.

.Allowances to 14 Captains

Agency

Total

Charge for

/ '

- . 547 10 —

5- — 912 10 —

17. 6. 1,067 12 6

- - 155 2 6

12. 6. 675 5 —

2. 6. 1,368 15 —

7. 6. 346 15 —

13- 4- 243 6 8

— — 292 — _

12. 6. 91 5 —

5,700 1 8

m to 80

ft 25

m m - - *> 259 6 3

17. 6. 345 15 —

- 80 13 6

685 14 9

- 17 2 10 $

4H 5 —

7- 1- 856 15 5

19- 4- 719 14 —

ib*. 71- 439 16 2f

68 10 10

- 79 19 4

‘ 68 10 10

— 59 19 5

2,704 11 if

24 — 1

2. 6.

562 2 6

7. 1. 2,398 19 2

19- 4- 1,119 i° 8

16. 7 i. 816 15 10f

4,335 5 8

m 38 9 6f

— — 1,120

- " £

5.805 i 8 259 6 3

702 17 7 £

5,290 13 8 £

5,49315 si

15,551 14 51

War Office,

14th December 1790.

Geo. Y

Vo l, 46.

Supernumerary Officers*

difference between British and Irish Esta~ blisbments.

Recruiting.

Ordnance

Estimate

presented.

72 14° Decetnbris. 1790.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Seven Battalions of Foot, serving in North America and the West ,from 25th December 1790 to ' 24th December 1791, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 365 Days. Difference.

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, 1st Battalion: Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men - - - - -Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men - -- -- --Agency ----- ---- Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Serjeants - -- -- - Paid by Ireland for this Regiment - 469 8,392 11 3 1 1,361 1 2 J 181 17 4 i 540 15 — 10,476 4 10 9,263 14 9 1,212 10 1

Major General Ainslies - 469 mm m 1,212 10 1

Sir William Fawcett's - 469 m m m 1,212 10 1

General Murray's - - ' 469 - 1,212 10 1

Lieutenant General Tayler's - - - , - 469 - 1,212 10 1

Major General Williamson's ----- -- 469 1,212 10 1

Lieutenant General Mathews - - - 469 ... 1,212 10 1

Total Difference to be made good 3,283 - - & 8,487 10 7

War Office,

14th December 1790. Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of the Contingencies

of the said Forces; for the Year 1791.

For Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces for the Year 1791, upon Account £.

For the Contingencies of the said Forces for the same Time, upon Account -

Total - £

War Office,

14th December 1790. Geo. Yonge.

40,000 ——

24.500 — —

64.500 -

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Crawfurd presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1791 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

EXPENCE

31 Geo. III. 14>° Decembris. 73

u

EXPENCE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not Ordnance.

provided for by Parliament; viz'.

On Account of Debt, to 31st December 1783.

Paid Debts incurred previous to 31st December 1783, and which have been settled since that Period ——

On Account of 1789.

ANTIGUA:

Paid on Account of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

ST. CHRISTOPHER:

Paid on Account of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

e *

DOMINICA:

Paid on Account of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies

Paid on Account of Works, Current Service, and Contingencies -

£. d-

- 1,480 2 3

- 13,186 14 3

- 4,363 17 to

- 11,583 4 9

For the Purchase of Salt Petre, Ordnance, and Stores, and Expences incurred in the several Ports of Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations, on Account of the Navy, beyond the Allowance for Sea Service, on the Vote for 20,000 Seamen for 1789 -

On Account of 1790.

NOVA SCO T I A:

Stores sent to Halifax to replace those destroyed by Lightening in a Storehouse there -

N. B. There will be other Claims on Account of the Year 1790, but the Amount

cannot be ascertained till next Year.

£ d

3,857 5 »

30,613 19 1

34,471 4 2

25,278 12 — 59,749 16 2

2,159 4 5 61,909 — 7

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1791. LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants employed at the Tower - - - - -

And at the following Places; viz1.

Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder Inspector of Artillery at D°, and for proving Guns Superintendent of Military Machines at D"

Hampton Court, and St. James's, Windsor, and Greenwich -Woolwich ——

Purfeet ——

Gravesend and Tilbury ——

1

Vol. 48. ‘ D

£ d.

15,498 8 —

2,076 5 — lt377 12 6 310 5 — 226 ——

605 2 6

255 ——

£ «. d.

Chatham

Ordnance.

14° Deccmbris.

A. 1790.

Chatham -

Upnor Castle ——

Sheerness ——

Feversham ——

Dover r ——

Portsmouth ——

ffriddy's Hard ——

Plymouth ——

Keyham Point ——

Waltham Abbey ——

{Pendennis, Sally Island, Chester Castle, and Liverpool, Berwick, Carlisle, Tmmouth Castle, and Clifford's Fort, Hull, Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort - -

Guernsey ——

Jersey -

Isle of Man -

Rent for Use of Land and Houses ——

One Hqlf of which is charged to the Sea Service -

663 17 144 15 380 — 583 17

i2d — 823 17 303 >7 653 *7 170 —

5*3 17

<7.

6

6

6

6

6

6

430 ——

448 2 6 448 2 6

100 ——

554 17 —

27,267 15 —

- - I

jC* tl.

13,633 17 6

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at -

' North Britain - -

Gibraltar -

Jamaica ——

Antigua ——

<Sf. Christopher - -

Dominica -

I Barbadoes - -

\ <SY. Vincent ——

Grenada ——

Bahama Islands -

Quebec ——

Halifax ——

Aiw Brunswick -

v &. s and Placentia, in Newfoundland

554 10 — 1,381 7 6

273 15 —

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

219 ——

861 15 — 680 10 — 629 12 6 784 15 —

Pay ef Master Gj uppers at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at James's Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles ——

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Postage of Letters, ana' other Contingencies ——

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several small Forts, Castles, Garrisons, and other Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, and repairing the same, at the several Barracks, Forts, Castles, and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and Small Stores for the common Duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower ——

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 3,730 Men, Officers £. s. d.

included - -- 111,069 10 —

Pay of First Gunners, still remaining on the War Establishment - - 1,198 8 4

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich -

Establishment of Draughtsmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain, and Foreign Garrisons ——

Pay of Superannuated and disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants ——

Sums to be paid at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of £.443,678. 18. 10. being the Amount of this Estimate ——

3,416 17 6

18.000 — —

15.000 — -

4,379 4 7

6.000 -

2.000 -

10,937 16 8

112,267 18 4

2,327 15 —

2,025 15 —

21,53* 9 861 96

-Ordinary

- c

221,271

8 1

EXTRAORDINARIES.

31 Quo. III.

75

14?\Decmbris.

EXTRAORDINARIES.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current £ d.

Service, and Contingencies - 2,000 — 1-

For I uel for the Troops - - 1,500----

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - - -

NEW BRUNSWICK:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

QUEBEC:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

BERMUDA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

B A H A M A I S LA N D S: 1 For Current Service, and Contingencies --- I

JAMAICA:

Tor Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies -

ANTIGUA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

I. a. <L

3,500 ——

4,000 ——

3,000 ——

4,000 ——

1,000 — —

1,000 ——

2,000 ——

1,000 — —

ST CHRISTOPHER:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

DOMINICA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

BARBADOES:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

ST. VINCENT:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

GRENADA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

G IBRALTAR:

Fay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - . - - 4,492 10 10

Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works - - 14,707 9 2

For excavating the Rock, and proceeding with the Souterrain Batteries, and

their Communications ... ..... 2,000 ——

Blowing and breaking Stone for Lime, Carriage of Stone, Coals, Culm,

Lime, Sgc. attending the Kiln, and making Mortar ..... 2,000-

For the Ordinary Repairs of the Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and

Magazines ----- ----- - 3,000----

For Contingencies in the Engineer’s Department - - - 2,000 ——

For Contingencies in the Storekeeper’s Department ----- - 1,800-

ISLE OF MAN:

For Repairs and Current Service ——

JERSEY:

For Storehouses end Barracks - 1,688 13 —

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - 962 — 10

1,000 ——

1,000 ——

1,000 ——

1,000 ——

1,000 — — >

30,000 ——

500 —

2,650 13 10

V01. 46.

GUERNSEY:

7 6

14° Decembris

Ordnance*

A. 1790.

GUERNSEY:

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at other £. s.

Places in the Island - -- - 3,000 — —

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - - 962 — 10 -

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks in Scotland, Current Service, and Contingencies

HULL:

For Repairs of the Wharfing of the Garrison Embankment -

LANDG\JARD FORT:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Cinque

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies -

C HA TH AM:

For Repairs of the Lines and Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Gillingham, Upmr Castle, Cockhamwood, and Hoxvness, Current Service, and Contingencies - -- ----- 6,075 >8 4

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- 1,924 1 8

S-HEERNESS:

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies -

GRAVESEND AND TILBURY:

For Repairs of the Works ——

F E V E R S H A M: *

For Repairs and additional Buildings - - - - .-

PORTSMOUTH:'

For Repairs of old Works and other Buildings at Portsmouth, and various

Places in the Division - - - - -,- - - - 4,075 18 4

In further Part of the Charge for completing the Works round the Common 2,500-

In further Part of the Charge for completing Cumberland Fort - - - 3,000-

For the Purchase of a House for the Lieutenant Governor - - - - 3,600 ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -- - - - 1,924 1 8

GOSPORT:

In further Part of the Charge for necessary Repairs to complete and improve

the Lines at Gosport, Weevill, and Priddy'sHard 1,000 -

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks and the Lines ----- 309 18 4

In further Part of the Chairge to continue the Sea Wall erected in Front of Haslar Hospital to Fort Monckton,in Order to prevent the Sea from breaking into Haslar Lake, and for making the Ground equally solid in all Parts behind

the said Wall - - - 3,000----

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- 1,924 1 8

P LY MO U T H:

For Repairs of the Barracks, Lines, and Citadel, and for Repairs at St. Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, Pendennis, and St. Maw's Castles, and at Stilly Island,

Current Service, and Contingencies - - - - - 4,075 18 4

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - 1,924 1 8

WOOLWICH

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Houses - 2,000-

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - - 1,924 1 8

ROYAL LABORATORY: Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers

WALTHAM ABBEY:

For erecting Four new Horse Mills, and for Repairs and Alterations *

c *- *

3,962 -- 10

6,000 — —

2,567 19 10

500 ——

3,000

8.000 — —

3,500 ——

2.000 -

4,000

15,100 — —

6,234-

6,000 ——

3,924 1 8

2.000 ——

5.000 -

TOWER:

.oc le

.Accounts presented —

Customs, Excise, &c.

Customs.

Excise.


31 Geo. III.

14° Decembm.

TO TV E R:

tn full of the Charge for re-building the Office destroyed by Fire *

SHIPPING:

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Foreign Garrisons - -

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY:

For Contingencies ——

SMALL ARMS:

For the Supply of Regiments - - - - * -

SALTPETRE:

For the Purchase of Two hundred Tons, for Land Service, from the East India Company

Extraordinaries - -

Ordinary -

Ordinary and Extraordinaries -

Unprovided

Debt to 31st December 1783 . /Land Service - 9 /Sea Service -1790 — -Laud Service -

£. s. d.

3357 5 1

30,613 19 1

25,278 12 —

2,159 4 5

77

£. s. d.

3,559 14 —

2,500 ——

6.000 -

10,000 ——

9.000 -

160,498 10 2

221,271 8 1

381,769 18 3

61,909

443,678 18 10

G. Berke J. Aldridge.

G. Crawfurd. Tho. BailUe.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Year, ended the'10th Day of October 1790; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce and Payments, into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs of Great Britain, in the Four Quarters preceding 1 oth October 1790; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into

the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 10th Day of October 1790: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, between the 10th Day of October 1789 and the 10th Day of October 1790: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on wfhich shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 10th Day of October 1790.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as folio weth; vis.

V o 1. 4(5.

X

An

Ordnanc#.

Stamps.

Incidents.

Customs, Excise, &c.

Customs.

An ACCOMPT of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1790; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to One thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year;

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1790, as per Accompt (A) ——

Ditto of the Excise, for One Year, ended Ditto (exclusive of ^.515,308, Produce of the Annual Malt Duties) as per Accompt (B) ——

Ditto of the Stamp Duties, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt (C)

Ditto of Incidents at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt (D) -

£ ' *

3,383,761 >7 *

6,782,893 10 7 1,275*460 16 5

2,128,929 5 — 1

13,571,045 9 3

Memorandum:

In the Sum of £. 2,128,929. 5s. — id. stated as the Amount of Incidents at the Exchequer, is included £. 252,444. Is. 4 { d. being the Amount of Imprest, and other Monies paid in there within the above Period.

Presented pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, this 14th Day of December 1790, by

George Rose.

(A.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce and Payments into the Exchequer of the Duties of Customs of Great Britain, in the Four Quarters preceding 10 October 1790; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000, or more.

SPECIES OF GOODS. Gross Duty. Drawbacks. Net Produce, subject to tire Payment of Bounties, Management, &c.

c s. d. £. s. d. s. d.

Ashes, Pearl - - - - 1,262 8 54 - 1,262 8 5 i

— Pott . - - - - 1,228 9 *4 - - . - 1,228 9 1 i

Bantta - 51,39* 17 2 38.5 1 — 4 51,007 16 14-

Beads, Coral * m - - - 1,006 2 4 930 1 2 i 76 1 14

Brimstone J - - - 12,052 17 10 4 3,947 7 3 4 8,105 10 7

Bristles, Undrest - \) - - - 3,158 7 94 153 2 111 3,005 4 10

Carpets, Turkey - - - m - i,73o 11 6 14 5 — 1,716 6 6

Copper, Unwrought - - - - 5,499 13 74- - - 5,499 13 7 4

Cork - - - - 3,869 10 11 28 16 — i 3,840 14 104-

Corn, Oats - - - - 6,077 15 9 4 - 6,077 *5 94

- Wheat - - - 3,979 8 104. 8106 3,97o 18 44

''Almonds, Bitter - - - - 993 12 6 180 10 24- 813 2 3 4

Aloes Cicotrina - - - - 940 5 6 9» 5 — 4 849 — 54

Cortex Peru - - - - 3,448 4 — 697 3 i»4 2,751

Ginsang - - - - 3,343 19 — 1,281 4 1 4* 2,062 *4 104

t/5 ttj j Jalap - 2,425 7 — 247 3 9 2,178 3 3

2 Juniper Berries - - - - 1,734 11 4 ‘ 27 15 6 1,706 *5 94

Q Quicksilver - - - - 272 9 4 44 10 114. 227 ,/ 7 18 44

Saccarum Saturni - - - 2,109 9 8 4 13 2 2,104 16 6

Senna - - - 1,170 17 — 536 3 5 4 634 *3 64-

Succus Liquoritia? - - - 6,188 4 6 f - 6,188 4 64

i^Verdigrease - * * 1,512 13 6 - 1,5*2 13 6

Elephants ‘

31 Geo. III. 14° Decem

SPECIES OF GOODS. Gross Duty. Drawbacks. Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Management, &c.

£. s. d. £ ,9. d. L s. d.

Elephants Teeth - - - - 3,449 3 i 1,258 12 3 2,190 8 — i-

Feathers for Beds - - - 6,414 12 4 £ 17 7 1 i 6,397 5 3

Glass Plates - - - - 6,182 4 8 348 15 8 5,833 9

Almonds, Sweet " - - - 3.742 12 6 i 421 5 7 £ 3,32i 6 11

Cinnamon - " - - - 1,179 5 115 4 6 1,064 — 6

Cloves - *» - - - 923 7 4 94 14 7 828 12 9

CotFee (Customs only) - - - 26,137 l9 9 5,436 6 1 20,701 3 8

Cocoa, D° - - - 1,190 5 3 77 9 3 i 1,112 15 11 t

Currants - - - - 64,696 12 6 i 1,840 18 8* 62,855 13 9 i

- - 4,265 4 8 189 17 61 4,075 7 1 i

£ Mace - 1,486 — — 67 8 3 1,418 1 1 9

|ll Nutmegs - - - 2,683 14 — 112 16 8 2,570 17 4

2 Pimento - - m - - 29,353 11 9 18,930 13 — £ ] 0,422 18 8 {

o Prunes - - - - ’ - 3,545 9 5 i 84 >6 ni 3,460 12 6

Raisins, Denia — m - - - 15,228 5 7 £ 430 15 2 14,797 10 5£

Lexia - - - 6,840 4 4 1 22 9 — i 6,817 15 4

Lepart - - - - 7,i 10 17 — 272 14 7 6,838 2 5

Smyrna - - - 2,548 11 17 1 5 2,53° 19 6

Soils - - - 24,987 13 — r- 1,929 11 8 i 23,058 1 3 i

Rice - 13,396 19 10 £ 3,852 14 9 i 9,564 5 1

L Sugar, brown - - - 1,106,151 12 11 1 92,545 — 2 i 1,013,606 12 9£

Hair, Worse m m - - - - 1,403 5 10 149 8 — 1,253 17 10

— Human - - - 2,294 8 — - - 2,294 8 —

Hats, Chip - - - 2,693 10 3 301 18 5 2,391 11 10

— Straw m mm - - - 788 6 7 121 3 7 667 3 .

Hemp, Rough - - - 92,383 12 11 i 4,506 5 — i 87,877 n / 11£

Hides, Losh - - - - 1,402 17 4 - - 1,402 17 4

Incle, Wrought - - - - 3,55i 13 2 £ 163 18 4 3,387 14 10 \

Iron, Bar - 120,663 18 7 £ 15,504 2 10 105,159 15 8*

Kelp - 2,429 4 — £ 10 15 6 £ 2,418 8 5 £

Lemons and Oranges - - - 11,172 14 6 i 218 7 5 i 10,954 7 1 £

Cambncks - - - - 15,474 15 2 1,091 11 7 14,383 3 7

Canvass, Hessens - - - 17,549 11 3 £ 597 12 9* 16,951 18 6 i

— Spruce - - - 10,944 3 7 2,671 13 9 8,272 9 10

Damask Silesia Tabling - - - 1,646 16 i£ 187 18 1 1,458 18 — £

Diaper Silesia Napkening - - - - 603 16 1 208 8 9* 395 7 3 I

% Germany, Narrow - - - - 46,930 4 2 £ 9,950 10 2 1 36,979 14

§< Lawns, trench - - - 967 5 2 78 1 2 889 4 —

— Holland, whited - - - - 1,065 13 4 910 14 11 £ 154 18 4 £

Russia, Broad, above 22 f - - - - 27,453 19 10 £ 1,837 4 2 i 25,616 15 7 £

above 31 f - m - - 3,045 6 9 103 8 2 2,941 18 7

above 36 - - - 20,317 8 1 12,028 1 9 8,289 6 4

Drilling - - - 6,168 12 5 i 985 10 11 5,183 1 6 i

Narrow - - - 4,524 13 n i 73 5 3 i 4,451 8 7 I

I Towelling and Napkening - - - 926 2 1 i 49 11 £ 877 1 2 1

Mats, Kussia - - - i,49i — n £ 258 2 7* 1,232 18 4

Nuts, small - - - 1,772 16 1 21 19 4 i,75o 16 9

Oil , Ordinary - - - 16,069 9 6 79° 10 £ 15,279 8 7 / a

— Sallad - - - - 4,68i 6 81 159 14 8 4,521 12 — 1 a

— Train - - - - 12,669 13 2 419 8 11 i 12,250 4 21

Paper, Foolscap, Genoa 2 - - - 1,056 — 4 - - 1,056 4

Pitch - - m - - 706 2 n 15 14 4 f 690 8 7 i

428 3 4i 111 7 6 i 316 15 10

Seeds, Clover - - - 4,430 15 32 7 6 4,398 7 6

Silk, Haw, not India - - - 4 0) 201 15 — 1,852 6 11 £ 38,439 8 - X a

— Thrown, , D - - - - . 170,060 14 4 7,799 16 8 162,269 17 8

— Wrought, Crapes, &c. D* - - - - 1,545 6 2 214 5 lOf i,33i — 3 i

smalts - - - - 12,922 6 8 2,669 10 5 £ 10,252 l6 2 1

Spirits, Brandy (Customs only) - - - _ 59,893 6 — k 16 2 59,877 4 . X a

Geneva (Customs only) - - - - 17,88517 2 i 5 1 — 17,880 16 2 i

Rum, D - - - 51,915 — 4 23,623 13 6 28,291 6 10

'Bear, Black - - - 5,33616 io£ 4,325 5 — 1,011 11 10 £

Calf, Raw - - - - m . 2,627 14 2 £ - 2,627 14 2 £

Tanned - - - # - . 2,469 13 6£ - 2,469 13 6 £

Deer, in Hair - - - 2,968 2 2 3 1 3 2,965 — 11

M Ss Goat, Tanned - - - - 4,16718 4 4,167 18 4

Kid, in Hair - - - - 2,589 6 7 - - 2,589 6 7

drest - 365 9 4 - - 365 9 4

Otter - - - 2,253 11 10 1,500 15 — 752 16 10

Seal - 3,167 2 10 33 6 8 3,133 16 2

k Wolf - - - 2,501 19 4 2,259 9 3 242 10 1

Soap, Hard - - - - - . 373 13 il 373 13 11

Vol. 46. Stones,

Goc [e

Customi.

Customs*

Gross Duty.

£ s. d.

2,121 15 8 I

7,733 12 4l

405 5 5

1,888 14 61

266,989 7 6

1,248 12 9

8,167 19 8

6,070 — 1 X

30,779 9 81

22,904 6 2 1

361,066 4 — I

4,319 8 10 f

88,744 1 31

10,312 15 2 i

98,691 — I *

3,645 15 4 1

2,918 2 — 1

856 11 8

5,409 4 2 i

i,355 5 9

634 15 6

14,544 12 9

68,291 11 10 1

1,023 4 31

1,902 13 8

639,876 19 11

75,030 8 7i

2,812 15 41

101,869 15 7

43,709 15 81

5,724 2 1 1

2,281 2 6

4,405 9 4

1,865 14 —

1,984 18 71

543,812 5 61

n,475 10 11

329,649 — 71

384 13 7

1,256 10 61

17,771 15 6.

5,065,899 1 7

Drawbacks. Net Produce, subject to the Payment o! Bounties, Management, &c.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

1 9 4 2,120 6 4 1

174 16 1 1 7,558 16 2 1

108 3 1 297 2 31

29 15 11 1,858 18 7!

46,824 — 5 \ 220,165 7 — *

77 — 4 1,171 12 5

1 9 4 8,166 jo 4

419 3 9 l 5,650 16 2

8,330 8 71 22,449 1 —

2,546 15 5 1 20,357 10 pi

9.950 17 6 35 G1 *5 6 5 i

923 10 10 3,395 18 — I

10,617 4 41 78,126 16 nt

5 15 6 10,306 19 8 i

708 12 8 1 97,982 7 3 1

1876! 3,627 7 9 1

3 7 4 2,914 14 8i

19 8 6 837 3 2

2 18 10 5,4o6 5 41

- i,355 5 9

- 634 15 6

842 15 13,702 11 4

147 18 6 i 68,143 13 3 1

*7 9 3 1.005 15 — i

161 15 3 1,740 18 5

428,589 18 — I 211,287 1 10 £

24,517 8 91 50,512 19 10 J

« 2,812 15 41

- 101,869 15 7

- 43,709 15 8 1

- 5,724 2 1 i

- 2,281 2 6

4,40.5 9 4

- 1,865 14 —

- 1,984 18 71

7,351 n 81 536,460 13 91

- 11,475 10 11

- 329,649 — 7 1

— - _ 384 13 7

m m 1,256 10 61

- 17,771 15 6

776,876 7 81 4,289,022 13 10

SPECIES OF GOODS.

Stones, Blocks of Marble '-

Tar....

Tapes, Open -

Thread, Sisters -

Tobacco for Home Consumption (Customs Tow ——

Turpentine, Common -

Wax, Bees ——

f French (Customs only) - -

Madeira, D° -

Port, D*....

Rhenish, D° -Spanish -

''Battens ——

Deals - -

---- Ends -

Lathwood -

Masts, 12 Inches in Diameter -Oak Plank -Pailing Boards -

Scaleboards -

Staves ——

Timber, Fir -

Wainscot Logs - -

Yarn, Mohair - -

East India Goods; viz1.

£ d-

Rated - - 323,483 5 9

Unrated - - *5,7*418 9

15 and 18 per Cent. 143,260 11 4 127,408

only)

nz

o

o

Tea

4 1

£. d.

234,649 19 10 -15,111 14 4 -162,881 15 11( 15,946 7 11

88,833,

30,613

- 111,461 16

t. d.

5 in

*} 16 *J

Sundry small Articles, the Duties whereof upon each, on Importation, did not amount to £. 1,000 Subsidies on British Manufactures and Produce exported, viz'.

Allum -

Coals exported to Foreign Parts -

Lead ——

Tin - -

Sundry small Articles -

Subsidies on Foreign Merchandize exported; viz'.

Indigo ——

Skins, Beaver -

Sundry small Articles -

Coals carried Coastways -Remitted from the Plantations -Duties on Windows by 24th George III4 -

Received from William Mellis, Esq; on Account of Wine sold by the Excise -Received of Ja‘ Williams, Esq; Receiver General of the Excise ——

Balances in the Hands of different Collectors, on 1 oth October 1789 -

Total -

DISCHARGE:

By Bounties ——

By Re-payments on Over Entries and Damaged Goods ——

By Charges of Management ——

Paid towards supporting the Supreme Courts of Justice in Scotland- -

Paid for purchasing up the Exemption of Pitfarren Coals from Duty -

Paid Portage Bills ——

Paid into the Exchequer ——

Small Balances resting in the Hands of the different Collectors of Great Britain, on 10 October 1790 ——

Total Discharge -

£ s. d. 470,068 13 — i

22,63.5 13 7

355,086 4 8 1

33,222 5 —

14,000 ——

122 — 11 3,383,761 17 1 I

10,125 14 6

4,289,022 13 10}

Custom House, London, December 9th, 1790.

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain.

(B.) EXCISE.

g

cq’

n*

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

o

OQ.

ft

(B.)

EXCISE. — An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in and; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article,

the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 10th Day of October 1790.

<5

o

F

ca

Under what Heads paid in.

Auctions -

Beer -Bricks and Tiles -Candles

Coaches built for Sale Cocoa Nuts and Coffee Cyder, Perry, and Verjuice Glass -

Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment Hops ——

Malt, perpetual Duty -Metheglin or Mead, and Vinegar Paper -

Printed Goods -

Soap ——

Spirit® {r^gn* - - I r

Starch ——

Sweets ——

Tea - -

Tobacco and Snuff, com*1 11 Oclr 1789 -Verjuice (with Cyder and Perry) Vinegar (with Metheglin or Mead) Vine ——

Wire - -

Auctioneer6(wi,h Auctions) Coachmakers (withCoaches) Dealers in Coffee, Chocte, or Tea -Makers and Sellers of Wax and Sperm. Candles (with Candles) -Makers of, and Dealers in, Excise Commodities Retailers of Spirit* Liquors D° comm*16' July 1787

Sellers of Gold and Silver Plate -Manufact" and Deal" inTo-bacco and Snuff (wilbTo-V. bacco and Snuff) -P. Cent. Duties on Licences

Total of Perpetual Duties Annual Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry -

licences

to

Total of England

o

First Quarter, from lth October 1789 to 5th January 1790.

£. d

12,25 6 ——

284,085 —

43,79* ——

52,160 ——

462 -

9,216 —

12,206' ——

33,25.9 -48,044 ——

162,187 ——

4,473 ——

17,983 ——

49,94 L —

76,031 ——

74,101 -

180,260 -

17,4+2 ——

752 -

173,604 7 10 70,590 ——

69,430 -

310 ——

3,216 ——

26,699 -21,228 -20,900 ——

1,809 -

1,466,438 7 10

131,255 ——

1,5.97,693 7 10

Second Quarter from 5th January 1790 to 5ih April 1790. Third Quarter, from 5th April 1790 to 5lh July 1790, Fourth Quarter, from 5th July 1790 to 10th October 1790. Total Net Produce of the Four Quarters.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d. £ t. d.

11,643 13,528 13,816 51,243

399.609 619,497 454,490 1,757,681

9,696 2,692 46,752 102,934

110,376 89,990 33,653 291,17.9

257 389 881 1,989

9,596 7,424 11,235 37,471

3,021 6,445 12,428 34,100

44,059 3f\285 36,1 ly 149,722

61,2+2 56,789 59,850 225,925

1,908 85,914 4,115 91,937

— 45,392 309,012 516,591

1,850 4,554 — — 10,598 21,475 — —

18,085 — — J 4,335 19,081 69,484

45,770 28,0*29 59.842 184,182

77,283 78,320* 88,10.9 319.749

211,143 218,059 50,309 553,612

227,516' 117,753 182,408 767,937

25,225 22,511 24,456 89,634

106 2,737 -r — 1,802 — — 5,397

46.169 122,20*9 1 — i 90,816 432,858 8 10$

85,072 76928 74,841 307,431

56,127 65,791 — 98,325 289.673

956 906 — 684 2,856

2,158 2,442 5,159 12,975

5,565 3,096 6,407 41,767

17,121 18,278 19.369 75,996

20,126 20,627 20,624 82,277

1,584 — — 1,785 2,540 7,718

500 100 1 9 . OJ t-i I

*>493,763 1,823,471 2 9-i 1,742,721 6,526,393 10

4,697 — 84,666 — — 282,690 503.308

'498,460 1,908,137 2 9^ J,025,411 7,029,701 10 7

Au AC CO U NT of the Duties of Excise paid into the Exchequer (by the Commissioners of Excise in England) in the Four Quarters next preceding the JOtb Day of October 1790, on the Part of Scotland.

First Quarter, Second Quarter, Third Quarter, Fourth Quarter, Total

Under what Heads paid in from 10th October from 5th January from 5th April from 5th July Net Produce

1789 to 5ih January 1790 to 5lh April 1790 to 5th July 1790 to 10th October of the

1790. 1790. 1790. 1790. Four Quarters.

£. d. £. *. d. £. s. d. £. x. d. £. t. d.

Excise, Consolidated Licences - 2,000 1.000 2,000 1,000 6,000

Malt, Consolidated 12,0i 0 6,500; 3, U00 7,000 28,500

Printed Linens - 4,000 — — 12,000 7,000 - - - 23,000

Soap ----- ll,0i>0 15,000 9,000 6,000 41,000

Spirits [*ritish - -r ^roreign 7,000 15,000 10,000 10,500 18,000 4.000 4.000 31,500 37,000

Auctions - 1,000 500 1,000 ... 2,500

Starch - 2,000 2,000 — — 1,000 1,000 6,000

Wine - - - 10,000 3,000 8,000 4,000 25,000

liricks and Tiles ... 2,100 500 2,500

Glass - 2,000 2,000 3,000 1,000 8,000 — —

Paper - 1,000 1.000 1,000 2,000 — — 5,000

General Licences - - - 2,000 1,000 3,000 — . —

5,000 2,000 7,000

Tea Licences - - - - 500 - 500 1,000

Tobacco and Snuff - - 10,000 8,000 — — 18,000 — —

500 — ~ 500

Coaches - - - - 500 500 — —

Cocoa Nuts and Coffee 500 500

Hides and Skins - - - 10,000 10,000

Total of Perpetual Duties Annual Malt, Mum, Cyder, 67,000 57,500 — 80,000 52,000 256,500

and Perry - - - 6,000 4,500 - 1,500 12,000

Total of Scotland - - 73,000 62,000 80,000' 53,500 268,500

England - £ *. d.

6,526,393 10 7| V

Scotland - - - 256,500. X. . j -

Perpetual Duties - i Jt. 1. 0. 6,782,893 10 7i

England - £ *. d. 503,308

Scotland - - - 12,000

Annual Malt, &c. - m m m 515,308

Total - £. 7,298,201 10 7|

Excise Office, London,*! December 9th, 1790.

Ju* Webb, Accornp* Gen*.

CO

I?

o

31 Geo. III. 14° .

82

14° Decembris

A. 1790.

Stamps.

(c.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to £.i,oooo, or more, between the loth Day of October 1809, and the 10th Day of October 1790.

j£. s. d.

Consolidated Dudes 699.3 74. 7 3

Insurance Duty - -- 106,004 t6 7

Burials, &c*. - - - - 4,7/6 12 1

Bills of Exchange - -- 9M54 8 7

Receipts - - - - - 40,273 19 —

Hats - 17,381 10 4

Plate - -- 24,415 6 5

Horse Dealers, &c\ ——

Post Horse Duty, &c\ - - - - 174,072 9 11

Medicine - - - - 10,997 4 9

Game - -- 52,993 — 2

AttomieS - - - - 25,083 13 n

Pawnbrokers - -- - 4,476 12 $

Glove - -- 8,312 9 »

Perfumery - -- - 7,342 2 6

Judges Duty in Scotland - -- -- - 1,078 18 6

Apprentice Duty 7,425 4 6

L 1,275,460 16 5

Stamp Office, 1 December 8th, 1790.]

J. Lloyd, pro Compt'.

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

n

o

r

o

(D.)

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate

Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. i ,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 1 oth Day of October 1790.

Consolidated Salt, 1787

----- ----- -Letter Money, per Week

letter Money, 1760 -

Seizures, D*

Alienation Duty, D®

Hawkers and Pedlars, 24th June 1710 Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1st August 1711

D*.....1784

6d.Deduction on Pensions, &c. 24th June 1710 1 sh. D" on Salaries, c. 5th April 1758 Male Servants, 178.5 Female D* D®

Four-Wheel Carriages,

Two-Wheel D* - -W aggons - -

Carts ----- Horses - - - - -Shops -

Houses and Windows, 1766 Inhabited Houses, 1779 -First Fruits of the Clergy Stamps, per Bank -

Licences for selling Lottery Tickets, A® 1788

The Produce of the Duties under £. 1,000, in the above Period, amount to the Sum of

D*

D®

D"

D®

D®

D®

& s. d.

385,437 13 8 i

156,000 — —

194,000 — —

13,641 — 21

2,767 5 4

3,309 1 8*

11,200 — —

13,000 — —

51«76o — —

33,282 9 10*

92,481 18 1*

33,35 5 8 i

146,991 11 31

31,704 18 9i

17,566 16 41

10,354 10 2 i

107,089 3 —

21,095 13 7

391,793 138,027 2 3

9 7

8,524 6 iof

12,000 — —

34 7 2

1,875,366 13 10I

1,118 9 10

1,876,485 3 8 i

o

3

a

Money paid by Edward, Roberts, Esq. First (Jerk to the Clerk of the Pells, Balance of Fees applicable to the Consolidated Fund ——

Imprest Money repaid by Sir George Cornwall, Bart. Executor of John Amyand, Esq. —

D® - - by Loftus Anthony Tottenham, Col. of the 90th Regiment, on Account of Hilt" Fitch - -

D® - - - by John Smith, Esq. Paymaster General of the Provincial Forces in

North America ——

D® by Ann Rigby, et al. Residuary Legatees to the Right honbl® Richard

Rigby, late Paymaster of the Forces -D* - by William Brummell, Esq. Agent for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea

Hospital ——

D® - - - by Sir Charles Mai'sk, Knt. ——

Money paid by John Russell, Esq. Agent to the Glamorganshire Militia - -

D® - - by George Ross and Alexander Gray, Agents to the 83d Regiment -

D® - - by James Parsons, Esq. on Account of Thomas Allen, Esq. late Receiver for

Somerset, for Taxes ——

D® - - by the Executor of William Bryant, for D® ——

D* - by Thomas Steele, Esq. for Interest on £. 187,000, for Annuities granted by

Act 29th Geo. IIId - -

D* - - by NathanielCollyer, on Account of Col. Tar let on's late Regiment, from 25th

December 1782 to 24th October 1783 - -

D® - - on Account of an Additional Company to the 4th Regiment, from 25th June

1782 to 24th June 1783 ——

D® - - by Robert Adair and Joseph Partridge, Executors of John Adam Frederick Hesse,

on Account of the Officers of the Infirmary -

D® - - by the East India Company, for victualling the Navy, and for the Use of the King’s Troops serving in India ——

D* - - by Bryan Broughton, Esq. on Account of Charles Lutwidge, Esq. late Receiver of the Isle of Man - -

D® - - for Conscience Sake, by James Brasiei' Le Grange -

D® - - by Senhouse Wilson, Esq. on Account of the Revenues of the Isle of Man

D° - - by Thomas Cotton, Esq. for the Sale of Military Stores of 34th Regiment, on board

a Portuguese Vessel at Fayall - -

D® - - by Joseph White, on Account of George Hesse, late Agent to 70th Regiment

Exchequer, the 11th Day of December, 1790.

Ex. jp* Nexccastle.

£ s. d.

1,401 5 10

447 18 9

O O OO cf — —

2,519 10 31

17,273 17 3

12,000 —

263 9 41

11 16 2

19 ‘ 4 —

500 75 — —

8,052 6 —

2,100 — —

500 — —

413 7 11

200,000 — —

774 17 r X

200 — —

1,400 —

19 8 9

1,500 — —

2.52,444 1 4f

1,876,485 3 8*

2,128,929 5 — i

00

ex.

to

a

31 Geo. III. 14° Decembris.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Two of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercurii, 15® die Anno 31* Georgii III. U Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

Doveridge T O R D George Cavendish reported from the Com-Inclosure Bill mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in-reported. closing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of , alias

Dovebridge, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of an undivided Half Part of 8 Acres One Rood and 23 Perches of the said Lands, who could not be met with; and also, except the Proprietor of an undivided Third Part oif Acres and One Perch of the said Lands, who did not chuse to sign, but made no Objection to the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 11 Acres and One Rood of the said Lands, it not being known to whom the same belong; and also, except the Proprietor of 38 Acres Two Roods and 33 Perches of the said Lands, who did not chuse to sign, but did not oppose; and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed consists of 431 Acres One Rood and 34 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,' with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Glasgow Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, Roads I’eti- to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto sub-tion reported. scrib'ing) Owners of Land in the Counties of Dinark, Ayr, and Renfrew, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that thp Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating the rewith, was read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which has been duly applied; but it is found that the said Roads cannot be effectually compleated and kept in Repair, unless Powers are granted for enabling the Trustees to borrow a further Sum of Money, and to augment the present Tolls.

Then an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, was road.

And the said Member further said, That Part of the Roads contained in the said Act, leading from the East Side of the Entry to the new Bridge over Clyde, at Glasgow, on the Paisley Loan, by the Village of Gorbals to the Chapel of Cambuslang, is connected with the Roads described in the first mentioned Act, and might be more conveniently repaired and amended, if the same was put under the Care and Management of the Trustees appointed by the said first mentioned Act: That a Piece of Road leading from the said Chapel of Cambuslang to Burnbank is much out of Repair, inconvenient to Travellers, and dangerous for Carriages, and it would be of public Utility to have the same effectually repaired.

And the said Member added, That it would tend more effectually to compleat and keep in Repair all the above-mentioned Roads, if the Powers of the said Acts, so far as relates to the Roads before described, were to be consolidated, and One Set of Trustees appointed for the Care and Management of all the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating the rewith; and for the more effectually repairing the said Roads, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals, and new Bridge of Glasgow, to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the said County of Lanark, and Branches thereof, and for making and repairing the Road from the said Chapel of Cambuslang, till it joins the High Road leading from Hamilton, by Burnbank, towards Eaglesham, in the County of Renfrew: And that Sir Adam Fergusson and Mr. Andrew Stuart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Buckingham the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for County Writ, the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Buckingham, in the room of the Right Honourable William Grenville, now Baron Grenville of Wootton under Bet'ne Wood, in the said County, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to BedwynWrit, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwyn, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable James Graham, commonly called Marquis of Graham, now Earl Graham, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oxford City the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Oxford, in the County of Oxford, in the room of the Honourable Peregrine Bertie, ' deceased.

Mr.

31 Geo. III.

15° Decembris.

85

Westmor-

land.

Mr. Lowtlier Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had Receiver of Com Returns, to and from the several In-elects for received a Letter from James Lout her, Esquire, who is spectors, by the Post, be not subject to the Payment of hindered by Sickness from attending the House, and the Duties of Postage.

who is returned to serve in this present Parliament as a Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Knight of the Shire for the County of Westmorland That the Inspectors be paid by a certain Allowance for and also as a Burgess for the Borough of Haslemere, in each Return, certified to have been properly made by the the County of Surrey, desiring him to inform the House, Receiver of Com Returns.

that the said Mr. Ltnvther made his Election to serve for Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; the said County of Westmorland. That, in case the Returns from any District shall not be

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to completely made, the Importation and Exportation of the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for every Sort of Corn, and the Payment of the Bounty in the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- that District, shall be governed by the Average Price of liament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, in the room of the said James Lozcther,

Esquire.

Hatlemera

Writ.

the rest of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

Mr. Wyn<t-tiana elects for Midburst

Tavistock

Writ.

That His Majesty be empowered, with the Advice of His Privy Council, when Parliament shall not be sitting, to prohibit generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation from this Kingdom of any Sort of Coni, and, in like Manner, to permit generally the Importation, on the Low Duties, of any Sort of Foreign Corn, whenever the Average Price thereof, taken from the Returns of the whole Kingdom, is higher than

Report Cora Laws.

The Honourable Charles Wyndham, being chosen a Burgess 'to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of M'ulhurst, in the County of Sussex, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Midhurst.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Price at or above which Foreign Corn is allowed by the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Law to be imported; and also to empower His Majesty the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- to permit the carrying Coastwise or exporting of any Sort liament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of of Corn, at the Time such Corn is prohibited by Law to Devon, in the room of the said Honourable Charles be exported.

Wyndham. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Collector of the Customs, at every Port in Mr. Bramston, according to Order, reported from Britain, do transmit, Weekly, to the Receiver

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was of Corn Returns, an Account of the Quantities of the referred to consider of the Laws relating to the Iin- several Sorts of Corn shipped in such Port, to be portation and Exportation of Com and Grain, the carried Coastwise, and also an Account of the Quan* Resolutions which the Committee had directed him tities of the several Sorts of Corn brought Coastwise to report to the House; which he read in his Place; into each respective Port; and that the said Receiver and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: do transmit to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Where the same were read; and are as followeth; vis.Customs in England and Scotland an Account of the Resolved, That it is the (Opinion of this Committee, Quantity of the several Sorts of Corn shipped to be That for the Purpose of ascertaining the Prices according carried Coastw ise from each Port, or brought Coastwise to which Com and Grain are, by Law, permitted into each Port respectively.

to be imported and exported, and the Bounty paid, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Part of Great Britain called England be divided That Foreign Corn imported into this Kingdom be per-

mitted to be landed without Payment of Duty, and lodged in Warehouses, under the Joint Lock of the King and the Proprietor thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

into Districts, according to the Plan of an Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating and " ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of " Cora and Grain; and also for better regulating the That the Expence of the Warehouses, in which Foreign " Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Corn imported in -BrfrwA-built Ships is to be lodged, 1 Seed." under the Joint Lock of the King and the Proprietor,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be defrayed by the Public.

That that Part of Great Britain called Scotland be also Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, divided into Districts, for the like Purpose. That Foreign Corn imported in British-bai\t Ships, and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Warehoused, and not taken out within a limited Period, That whenever the Export of any Sort of Corn is stopped the Proprietor thereof shall be liable to pay Warehouse in any One District, because the Price thereof is Rent for the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of ihis Committee, That Foreign Corn imported, and not Warehoused, be not allowed again to be exported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

above the Export Price, Corn of the same Sort should not be allowed to be carried from thence Coastwise to any other District, the Ports of which are open for the Exportation thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Corn, so Warehoused, be permitted to be taken out That the Act of the Tenth of King George the Third, to be ground by the Importer or Proprietor, under certain for Registering the Prices of Corn, so far as relates to Conditions and Limitations.

the Appointment of Inspectors, should be repealed; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* and that the Registry of Corn, published Weekly in That it may be expedient to permit the Exportation of 1'he Gazette, should be formed upon Averages taken, Wheat, but without the Allowance of Bounty, when the according to the Directions of the Act of the Twenty- Price thereof is between Forty-four Shillings and Forty- ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, from Re- six Shillings; and other Corn, when the Prices thereof turns made by Inspectors to be appointed in the several shall be in like Proportion.

Districts and Inland Counties in Great Britain, in the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

planner directed by the last mentioned Act. That the several Duties and Bounties, now payable upon

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Importation and Exportation of Corn, Grain, and That a Duty of One Half-penny per Last be paid on all Flour, be continued.

British Corn, and a Duty of One Penny per Last on all Foreign Corn, imported into the Port of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Returns and Letters sent to and from the Vo i* 46.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in order to encourage the making of Bread and Biscuit within this Kingdom, it may be expedient that a Bounty be allowed upon the Exportation of

Z Bread

Bread and Biscuit, in Proportion to the Bounty allowed on the Exportation of Wheat

Resolved, That it is' the Opinion of this Comuiittee, That the Bounty now allowed upon the Exportation of Flour, be equalized to the Bounty now allowed upon the Exportation of Wheat.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Malt, Meal, or Flour, except Meal, or Flour, made of Wheat, or of Oats, be prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be under Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat Meal, or Flour, imported into this Kingdom, a Duty of Six Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat-meal, or Flour, imported from any other Country, except Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, into this Kingdom, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be at, or above, Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Oat-meal imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, into this Kingdom, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be under Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Oat-meal imported into England, a Duty of Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the'Price of Middling British Oats shall be at, or above, Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Oat-meal imported from any other Country, except Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other Colonies or Plantations in North America, into England, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the Price of Oat-meal shall be under Sixteen Shillings per Boll, weighing One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Scotch Troy, or One hundred and Forty Pounds Avoirdupoise, the Importation of Oatmeal into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland be prohibited, except into certain Ports, for the Purpose of being the re Warehoused.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed on every Hundred Weight of Biscuit Bread exported, made of British Wheat, a Bounty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed on every Hundred Weight of Flour exported, made of British W'heat, a Bounty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whenever the Price of Middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, shall be at, or above, Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be charged an additional Duty of One Penny upon every Quarter of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that all other Provisions and Regulations, contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and Payment of the Bounty, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Provisions, Rules, and Regulations, contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament, which it shall be thought expedient to continue, for the regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain, and Payment of the Bounty, together with the Regulations contained in the aforegoing Resolutions, and such others as it may be thought fit to enact, be consolidated into One Act of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bramston, Mr. Comptroller of the Household, Mr. Phelips, Mr. plenry Hobart, Mr.

Goddard, and Mr. Gipps, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Banbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Frederick North, commonly called Lord North, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, now Earl of Guildford, called up to the House of Peers.

The House was moved, That an- Act, made in the Bill to con-last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for in- tinueand " demnifying all Persons who have been concerned in i^*mnU°m " advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Orders Acts ordered. " of Council, respecting the Importation and Exportation " of Corn and Grain, and also certain Orders issued by " the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies in ,c America; and for preventing Suits in Consequence of " the same; and for making further Provisions relative " thereto," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue, for a limited Time, certain Provisions " contained in an Act, made in this present Session " of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for indemnify- ing all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, certain Orders of " Council respecting the Importation and Exportation " of Com and Grain, and also certain Orders issued " by the Governor General of His Majesty’s Colonies " in America; and for preventing Suits in Consequence " of the same; and for making further Provisions rela- tive thereto," relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and to authorize His Majesty " to permit the Exportation of Com, Grain, Meal, or " Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the " Low Duties," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tq continue and amend so much of the said Acts as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain, and to the authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Com, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties: And that Mr. Comptroller of the Household and Mr. Bramston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household presented to the Bill to con-House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend so much of Two Acts, made in the last Session indemnity of Parliament, as relates to the Importation and Ex- Acts pre-portation of Com and Grain, and to the authorizing seated.

His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Com, Grain,

Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Com- St Botolph mittee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of report«d. the Parish of Saint Botolph without in the

13 City

31 Geo. Ill.

15° Decem.

City of London, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Keport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Paul Postal»,being examined, said, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and maintained at a very great Expence; and that the giving proper Powers for better governing, employing, and main* taining the said Poor, would be a Means of their being more effectually relieved and provided for, and be a great Ease and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish — That the said Inhabitants have borrowed, on Annuities on the Lives of several Persons, certain Sums of Money, which have been expended in the Repairs of the Parish Church, and re-building the Workhouse; and that it would be greatly for the Benefit of the Annuitants, if Power was given for Payment of the said Annuities out of the Rates of the said Parish. — And the Witness further said, That a certain

complaining of the Fourteen Days next.

87

said Election or Return, within

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Land Tax Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reP‘"'t<’d* granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year Oik thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Huniingdom the Clerk of the CrowD, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- Wnt*

Street or Passage, called Carthusian Street, leading from liament for the Borough of Huntingdon, in the County Aldersgate Street into Charter House Square, is very of Huntingdon, in the room of the Honourable John narrow and incommodious, and dangerous to Passengers, George Montague, deceased.

and it would tend greatly to the Benefit and Conveni- _ < Account!

ence of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and of the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a ordered — Public in general, if Power was given for widening Copy of One Year’s Account of Bank Annuities, from ®ank . the same. 5th July 1788 to 5th 1789. Annu,t,es-

Mr. Charles Smith, being examined, confirmed the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Unclaimed Whole of the foregoing Evidence. Account of the unclaimed Dividends, and other Sums Dividends.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of Public Money, remaining unpaid in the Bank of the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the England, from the Year 1730 to the Year 1789.

Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Arrears of of I/mdon; for securing the Payment of certain An- Account of the Arrears of Dividends, and Lottery Cer- Dividends

~ ‘ tificates paid at the Bank of England since 1759* together

with the Balance remaining in Hand at the Termination c of each Account.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sums Account of the Sums received by the Bank towards received

nuities granted to discharge a Debt contracted for the Repair of the Parish Church, and re-building the Workhouse of the said Parish; and for the widening of Carthusian Street, leading from Aldersgate Street into Charter House Square: And that Mr. Alderman Watson and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the same.

paying the Dividends due on the several Public Funds -r paying

Dividends.

for One Year, from 5th 1788 to 5th July 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sugar im-Notict taken Notice being taken, that in the List of the Names Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Sugar, ported and Mistake of the Members returned to serve in this present Par- imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, in the exPorwd-"tr ^ment, which was delivered to the Clerk of this Years 1784, 1785, 178b, 1787, 1788, and 1789, with

for Suther land.

House by the Deputy Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, the Person certified to be returned as the Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the Shire of Sutherland, is therein named Lieutenant General James of Ba/en-dalloch;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, with the Return for the said Shire of Sutherland;

Return

amended.

the Amount of the Duties received, and Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an British Account of the Quantities of British Spirits distilled Spirits for Home Consumption, for Three Years, shewing the dist*lied. Amount of the Duties in each Year respectively, and the Rate.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Foreign Account of the Quantities of Foreign Spirits, including Spirits im. The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal Rum, imported for the Three last Years, ending the 5th ported and of the House, of the 28th Day of November 1761, in Day of July last, and exported within the same Period, exported* relation to the Return of Richard Earl of Tilney, in the so as to shew the Amount of the Duties retained,

Kingdom of Ireland, for the Borough of Malmesbury, and the Rate.

in the County of Wilts, might be read. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Produce of

And the same being read accordingly; Account of the Produce of Malt 1780, at Six Pence Malt 1780.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do per Bushel, with the Allowances to Brewers and Victu-attend this House immediately, with the Return for the allers thereon, for Five Years, viz. 1785, 1786, 1787, said Shire of Sutherland. 1788, and 1789; distinguishing each Year.

And he attended accordingly with the said Return. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Produce of

And the said Return was read. Account of the Net Produce of the Assessed Taxes Assessed

And it appearing to the House, by the Information of (exclusive of the Land Tax, and Inhabited House Duty, ,axes-One of the Members of the House, who was present at of the Twenty-fourth of George the Third) for the the last Election of a Commissioner for the said Shire, Year ending the 5th Day o 1790.

that Lieutenant General James Grant was the Person Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on elected, and intended to be returned; Account of the Amount of the Duties on Game Licen- Game

Ordered, That the said Return be amended, by insert- ces, from the Year 1784 to the Year 1789, inclusive; Licence*, ing the Word " Grant" after the Word " James."distinguishing each Year.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown amended the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Dividends on said Return accordingly. Account of all the Dividends on the several Annuities Annuities

Ordered, That Leave be given to petition this House, payable at the Bank of England, which were receiv able Vo 1. 46. 011 Ie ‘"1

Unclaimed

Dividends.

Amount of Balances of unpaid Dividends and Lottery Certificates! presented.

Accounts

presented —

Bank

Annuities.

Unclaimed

Dividends.

Arrears of Dividends and Lottery Certificates.

Sums

received

towards paying

Dividends.

Accounts presented —

Dividends on Annuities payable at the Bank.

15° Decembris. A. 1790.

on or before the loth of October 177b,.and remained unpaid on the 31st Day of December following, stating what Proportion of the said Dividends continued to be unpaid on the 30th Day of September, and on the 31st Day of December of each succeeding Year, up to the 31st Day of December 1789, inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Unclaimed Dividends on the several Annuities payable at the Bank of England, which were receivable on or before the 10th Day of October 1780, and remained unpaid on the 31st Day of December following, stating what Proportion of the said Dividends continued to be unpaid on the 30th Day of September, and on the 31st Day of December, in each succeeding Year, up to the 31st Day of December 1789, inclusive.

The House being informed that Mr. Newland, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Balances of unpaid " Dividends and Lottery Certificates remaining in the " Bank of England, after the Expiration of each " Quarter, and previous to the Issue of the next subsequent Dividend, from the 5th Day of January 1786 " to the 10th Day of October 1790, both inclusive."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented1 to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An attested Copy of One Year’s Account of Bank Annuities, from 5th July 1788 to 5th July 1789: And also,

An Account of the Unclaimed Dividends, and other Sums of Public Money, remaining unpaid in the Bank of England,from the Year >736. to the Year 1789:

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Arrears of Dividends and " Lottery Certificates paid at the Bank of England, " since 1759, together with the Balance remaining in " Hand at the Termination of each Account:" And also,

An Account of the Sums received by the Bank towards paying the Dividends due on the several Public Funds, for a Year, from 5th July 1788 to the same Time 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being ipformed that Mr. Edwards, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all the Dividends on the several Annuities payable at the Bank of England, which w'ere receivable on or before the 10th Day of October 1770, and remained unpaid on the 31st Day of December following, stating what Proportion of the said Dividends continued to be unpaid on the 30th Day of

September, and on the 31st Day of December, of each succeeding Year, up to the 31st Day of December 1789, inclusive: And also,

An Account of all Unclaimed Dividends on the Unclaimed several Annuities payable at the Bank of England, Dividends, which were receivable on or before the 10th Day of October 1780, and remained unpaid on the 31st Day of December following, stating what Proportion of the said Dividends continued to be unpaid on the 30th Day of September, and-on the 31st Day of December, in each succeeding Year, up to the 31st Day of December 1789, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That tire said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from the Account of Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he Produce of was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

An Account of the Net Produce of the Assessed Taxes (exclusive of the Land Tax, and Inhabited House Duty, of the Twenty-fourth of George the Third) for the Year ending the 5th of April 1790.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Townend, from Account of the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising Game Certi-by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; p^ented!* and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Game Certificate Duty, from the Commencement to the 1st of July 1790; distinguishing the Produce of each Year, and the Rate of Duty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Morris, from Account* the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he Presentetl* was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Produce of Malt 1780, at Six Produce of Pence per Bushel, with the Allowances to Brewers and 178°* Victuallers thereon, for Five Years; viz. 1785, 1786,

1787, 1788, and 1789; distinguishing each Year:

And also,

An Account of the Quantities of British Spirits Quantities distilled for Home Consumption, for Three Years, "f.®ritish ending 5th July last, shewing the Amount of the ^stilled. Duties in each Year respectively, and the Rate: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Spirits, D°ofPoreign including Rum, imported for the Three last Years, Spirits intending the 5th of July last, and exported within the same Ported» &c-Period, so as to shew the Amount of the Duties retained, and the Rate.

And then he withdrew;.

And

31 Geo. III.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered \That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Irving, In-

po ft^ and spector General of the Exports and Imports of Great exported, Britain, attended at the Door; he was culled in; and, presented, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Sugar, imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, in the Years 1784, 1785, 17S6, 1787, 1788, and 1789, with the Amount of the Duties received, and Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Indemnity Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bui ordered. jnc]enatjify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and 10 indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And that Sir St. Clair Erskine and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Meame* a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

89

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 1 6’die Decembris;

Anno 31 Georgii III‘" Regis, 1790.

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considers- Hellston tion the Petition of the Reverend John Pasmore, Election Clerk, Mayor of the Borough of Hellston, otherwise ^etu'ons, Helleston, in the County of Cornwall, and of the several C0DSi erc ' other Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed,

Freemen of the said Borough; and also, the Petition of Janies Bland Burges and Charles Abbot, Esquires; and also, the Petition of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, and Stephen Lushington, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Richard Penhall, the only surviving Freeman of the ancient Borough of Helleston, in the County of complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents for all the said Petitions were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and draw n and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Ambrose Goddard, Esquire, and Sir John Anstruther, Baronet, were drawn, who having been sworn at the Table that they w’ere severally Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside.

One being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Nine against whose Election Petitions were depending; and One as being a Petitioner, complaining of an undue Election and Return.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for Mr. Burges and Mr. Abbot nominated Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire; and the Counsel for Sir Gilbert Elliot and Mr. Lushington, nominated the Right honourable William Windham, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of* the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel, the Door of the House was opened; and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

15° — 16° D.

The'other Order of the Day being read; Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, Kingston and

Supply Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morn- to whom the Petition of Robert Austen, William Bright-

deferred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole , Philip Carteret Webb, William Gill, John tl0Ils re„

Vol. 46. A a ported.

90

16° Decembris.

A. 1790.

Martyr, and William Haydon Esquires, George Mel-ler sh, John PechS, Edmund Elkins, Richard John

Shrubb, and George Barrett, Gentlemen, and the Reverend Owen Manning, Clerk, on Behalf of themselves and other Trustees appointed for surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet bridge, near in the County of Southampton, in and by virtue of T«o several Acts of Parliament, the First passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing 4‘ and widening the Road leading from the Town of " Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to " a Place called Sheetbridge, near Peter sfield, in the " County of Southampton , and also the Road from

" Hindheud Heath, through Lane and Mid-

" hurst, to the City of Chichester, in the County of " Sussex," and the other, an Act, passed in the 8th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

" and to enlarge, the Term and Powers granted by " an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty, so far as the said Act " relates to the repairing and widening the Road " from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the " County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near " Petersfield, in the County of Southampton-," and

also, the Petition of Robert Austen, William Haydon, and John Martyr, Esquires, and Edmund Elkins, Gentleman, Mortgagees of the Tolls granted in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town' of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near in the County of Southampton, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road leading from the Town of " Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a " Place called Sheetbridge, near in the County of Southampton, and also the Road from " Hindhead Heath, through Fernhurst Lane and Midhurst, to the City of Chiche, in the County of " Sussex," and continued and enlarged by another Act, passed in the 8th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and render " more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers " granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, so far as the " said Act relates to the repairing and widening the " Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge,

" near Petersfield,in the County of ," on

Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors under the said Acts, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Joseph Hockley being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts have proceeded in widening, amending, and keeping, in Repair the said Road from Kingston upon Thames to Sheetbridge, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good and sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and some further Powers given for more

effectually carrying the same into Execution, so for as relates to the said Road from Kingston upon Thames to Sheetbridge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the 2 2d Year of his late Majesty, and the 8th Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton: And that Lord William Russell and Mr. William Clement Finch do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, accord- Lewes Road ing to Order, a Bill to continue the Term and Powers of Bl11 Pre" an Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of His ieute present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gipps reported from the Committee, to whom Canterbury the Bill for making a new Road from Saint George's Roads Bill Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called rePwrted* Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w’ere '

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Doveridge Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, Inclosure within the Parish of Doveridge, alias in the PaiSed*

County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Doveridge, alias Dove bridge, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Earl of Courtounreported to the House, That Answer t*

their Address of Tuesday last had been presented to Address.

His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

A Petition of the several Debtors, whose Names are Fisherton thereunder written, Prisoners in His Majesty’s Gaol at Anger Debt-FishertonAnger, in the County of Wilts, was presented ors Petition, to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of George Obrien Earl of Egremont, Lord Tadcaster of the Manor of Tadcaster, in the West Riding of the Inclosure County of York, and in the County of the City of Petition. York, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses having Right of Common, and of Lands and Estates within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within and Parcel of the said Manor, several Open

Common

31 Geo. III.

16° Decembris.

91

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common or entered into a Recognizance in respect of such Peti-

Stiuted Pastures, Commons and Waste. Lands, the tion, according to the Directions of an Act, made in

Property of the Petitioners and others; and that the the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present

said Lands and Grounds are, in their present State, Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Regula-

incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if " tion of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Re-

the same were divided, and specific Allotments thereof " turns of Members to serve in Parliament."

set out to the several Persons interested therein, ac- Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 4th Day of

cording to their respective Estates and Interests, the this Instant , for taking the said Petition into

said Lands and Grounds might be greatly improved: Consideration upon Thursday, the 24th Day of Fe-

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bruary next, be discharged.

bring in a Rill for dividing and inclosing the said

Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House A Bill to continue and amend so much of Two Bill to con-shall think proper. Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to the Importation and Exportation of Com and i^mhity pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Grain, and to the authorizing His Majesty to permit Arts com-~ ----- the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and niitted.

to prohibit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Duncombe and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

inciosweand Ration of the several Persons, whose Names are Drainage Pe- thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors tition. of ancient Common Right Houses, and Frontsteads, Lands and Grounds, within the Township of ton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Com Reg"* which lie dispersed and intermixed with each other, ing to Order, a Bill for regulating the Importation and and, in their present State, are incapable of any con- Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty

siderable Improvement, but might be greatly improved, if the same were divided, inclosed, drained, and embanked: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and embanking the said Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered \That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Wilber force reported from the Committee, to Beal and whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and reported! other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilber force, the Lordships or Liberties of Beal, otherwise Stc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at and in the Parish of Kellington, in the West

Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and Riding of the County of York, was committed; That

have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Orders for considering Taanton

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That John

_____ HaUiday and William , Esquires, who were

Election Pe- Candidates for the Borough of Taunton, in the County titiwsdis- of Somerset, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve charged. in Parliament for the said Borough, and who, on Behalf of themselves, petitioned this House upon the 1st Day of this instant December, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, had not, nor had either of them, entered into a Recognizance

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at f. 3. 6s. 11 d. per Annum, who refused

to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are assessed at 69. 7 id. in respect of such Petition, according to the Directions per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Corn-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several

" the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament."

The House was moved, That the said Act might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 4th Day of tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the this Instant December, for taking the said Petition into House.

Consideration upon Thursday, the 24th Day of February next, be discharged.

Mr. Speaker also acquainted the House, That Joseph Partridge, James Spiller, Robert Burnell, John Poole, Benjamin Spiller, and James Cottell, who were

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Warwick Bo-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for rwgh Writ.

Electors for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of the electing of a Burges9 to serve in this present Par-Somerset, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County liament for the said Borough, and who on Behalf of them- of in the room of the Right honourable

selves and others, Electors for the said Borough, peti- Charles George Perceval, Lord Arden in the Kingdom of tioned this House upon the 1st Day of this I nstant Decern- Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, ber, complaining of an undue Election and Return for hath accepted the Office of Register of the High the said Borough, had not, nor had any or either of them, Court of Admiralty.

Vol. 46. An

Land Tax Bill passed.

Hellston

Election

Committee

appointed.

Notice taken of a Mistake in the Return fur Lanerk.

llejtesbury

Writ.

92 Iff Deccmbris.A. IT

An ingrossed Dill for granting an Aid to His Majesty Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, l>y a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the rough, and in the county of.

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

Ninety-one, was read the Third Time. Mr- Hobart, according to Order, reported Report Way*

Besotted, That the Dill do pass: And that the Title from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it ""d Mean*, be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a uas refined to consider further of Ways and Means l.and Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser- for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Resolutions which the Committee had directed him Ninety-one. to rel'ort to the House; which he read in his Place;

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the anffl afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. here the same were read; and are as followed);

viz.

The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Raising a again returned to the Dar, the Clerk appointed to at- That towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Smn by Ex~

tend the said Committee delivered in to the House jesty* the Sum of One Million Eight hundred and chequer Bill*

One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the Thirty-three thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or

Counsel for Mr. Burges and Mr. Abbot, and by the Exchequer Dills.

Counsel for Sir Gilbert Elliot and Mr. Lushington, in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, Applying his Presence, together with anew List of the Names That towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Money <iutof of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, to jesty, there be issued and applied die Sum ot One pu’"J° ‘ which last mentioned List the Names of Bamber Gas- Million Three hundred thousand Pounds, out of the coyne, Esquire, and the Right honourable fVilliam Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Consoli-Windham being added, the same was called over; dated Fund, from and after the 5th Day and is as follows: *~9X-

Richard BempleJohnstone, Esquire, Sir Martin Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Continuing

Brrnn Folkes, Daronet, Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe, That towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Malt Dude*. Baronet, Francis Fane, Esquire, John Crewe, Esquire, j^sty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry;

John Galley Knight, Esquire, Henry Thornton, Esquire, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Thirtieth "i ear Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, William Mills, Esquire, of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to Sir Adam Fergusson, Baronet, the Lord Grey, John the 24th Day of June 1791, be further continued and Heathcote, Esquire, George Graham, Esquire, Bamber charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Gascoyne, Esquire, the Right honourable William Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder Windham. and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition 1791 to the 24th Day of June 1792.:

of the Reverend John Pasmore, Clerk, Mayor of the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, imposing on Borough of Hellston, otherwise Helleston, in the County That towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- additional of Cornwall, and of the several other Persons whose jesty, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Eight P"l-'r°a Names arc thereunder subscribed, Freemen of the said Pence for every Hundred Weight, containing One u°ai‘

Borough: and also of the Petition of James Bland hundred and Twelve Pounds, be laid upon all Sugars Burges and Charles Abbot, Esquires; and also of the imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion lor Petition of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, and Stephen any greater or lesser Quantity.

Lushington, Esquire; and also of the Petition of Richard Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowinsa

Penhall, the only surviving Freeman of the ancient That a Drawback of the Whole of the said Duty be Drawback Borough of Helleston, in the County of Cornwall, were allowed on the Exportation ot unrefined Sugar 110m °n Su^ar. sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual this Kingdom as Merchandize.

Manner. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowing a

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents with- That an additional Bounty of Five Shillings and Four

drew. Pence be allowed for every Hundred Weight of Sugar iu^ar‘ ’

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet refined in the Loaf and whole, exported from this forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers ap- Kingdom as Merchandize. 'i

pointed forbearing the Trials of Controverted Elec- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d*. tions. That a Bounty of Two Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed for every Hundred Weight of refined Sugar Notice being taken, that in the List of the Names called Bastard, and ground or powdered Sugar, and of the Members returned to serve in this present Par- refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, and ail Sugar liament, which was delivered to the Clerk of this called Candy, exported from this Kingdom as Mer- 4

House by the Deputy Clerk of the Crown in Chan- chandize. . '

eery, the Person ceitified to be returned as the Com- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; Continuing *

missioner to serve in Parliament for the Shire of That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Distillery

Lanerk, is therein named Sir James Steuart, of Coll ness, Reign of llis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to.

Baronet; " discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the 10 e0‘

And the House being informed, that there was a " Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home

Mistake in the said Return; " Consumption, and for granting and securing the

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do " due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and

attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Re- " for the better Regulation of the making and vending

turu for the said Shire of Lanerk. " British Spirits, and for discontinuing for a limited

" Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to " Spirits imported from The West Indies," be continued, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for for a Time to be limited.

the electing of a Burgess to serve in the present Par- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Continuing liament for the Borough of Heytesbury,in the County That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Scot, h in*-of Wilts, in the room of Ik iUiam Pierce Ashe a Court, Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to t,ller> A*j Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, " discontinue for a limited Time, the several Duties a0 Oeo’

hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of Hi# " payable in Scqtland upon Ijow Wines and Spirits,

" and 1

31 Geo. III. 16° Decem

" and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there " used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting " to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof" be continued, for a Time to be limited.

c . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

I Distillery* That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Vear of

Act the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

a8 Geo. III. Act f0r discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines " and Spirits, and upon Worts. Wash, and other " Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits,

" and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in " lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to "land, and from Scotland to England; and to continue,

" for a limited Time, un Act, made in the Twentysixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to " discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of " the Duties upon Low W'ines and Spirits for Home u Consumption, and for granting and securing the " due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending

O o

" British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited " Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and 1 " Spirits imported from The/Test Indies," be continued,

for a Time to be limited.

Continuing Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Distillery* That the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Duties,byAct Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma-7 Geo. bh jesty, upon fermented 'Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits, for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Com, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, and upon Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor, brewed or made as aforesaid, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made as aforesaid, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Wash brewed or made as aforesaid, from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which were continued by an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be further continued, for a Time to be limited.

Duties on Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Wash pro- That the Duties imposed by the said Act, made in the ducedby

Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-r> IS of* jesty, upon Wash produced by George Bishop, of Maidstone, from Malt, or other Com, which were continued by the said Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be further continued, for a Time to be limited.

Additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Duty on That an additional Duty of Ten Shillings be charged Licence for and upon each Licence which shall be granted to

icencet. ariy Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, of

Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, under or by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, of Spirits, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt,

Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Vot. 4,6.

Eight Pence be charged for and upon such Licence which shall be granted to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain culled Scotland, under or by virtue of the said Act, for every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, of Spirits, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That an additional Duty of One Pound be charged Duty on for and upon each Licence which shall be granted to |,.l''lilt!rs any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, of ,ltaces‘ Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, under or by virtue of the said Act, for every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, of Spirits, for making Low W'ines or Spirits from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith) for such Exportation as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That an additional Duty of Five Pence Half-penny Duty on be laid upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits made Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to in Scotland. Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty, in Proportion to the Surplus Strength, be laid upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits which shall be made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on That an additional Duty of One Penny be laid upon ma<le

every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which shall fract?ng

be brew ed, or made, in that Part of Great Britain called Spirits. England, for extracting Spirits, for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of One Penny be 1 aid upon every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other W'ash or Liquor, which shall be brewed, or made, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except such as are before-mentioned) or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of One Penny Half-penny be laid upon every Gallon of fermented Wort or W'ash which shall be brewed, or made, in that Part of Great Britain called England,from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Two Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Wash which shall be brewed, or made, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

B b Resolved,

94 (6° Decembm .1790.

Duty on Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Wash pro- That an additional Duty, at and after the Rate of

\iCeHbh Two Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings, be

r* 18 °P- Jajd Upon every Ninety-six. (Gallons of Wash, which George Bishop, of Maidshall produce from a Weight of Malt, or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding One hundred and'Twelve Pounds.

Charging an Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, atlditionHl That an additional Duty of Eight Pence be charged utyoutturn. upon every Gallon of Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations in America, which, on the 16th Day of December 1790, shall be in any Warehouse, in which the same shall have been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, find Provisions, contained and provided in an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerting the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the same in Warehouses, and which shall, on or after the said 16th Day of December, be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively, for Home Consumption.

D* on D* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

above Proofs That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations in America, above Proof, which, on the said 16th Day of December, shall be in any such Warehouse, and which shall, on or after the said 16th Day of December, be delivered out of such Warehouse, for Home Consumption.

D* on single Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Brandy. That an additional Duty of Ten Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall be imported into Great Britain.

D*on n» Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, above Proof. That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Brandy, above Proof, which shall be imported into Great Britain.

D* on Bum, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Spirits, or That an additional Duty of Eight Pence be laid upon Aqua it®. (pverv Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita;, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain.

D" on D° Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

above Proof. That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitse, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain.

D* on single Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Spirits or That an additional Duty of Ten Pence be laid 11 [ton Aqua Vit*. every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vitas (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, as aforesaid) which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain.

D* on D* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, above Proof. That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Spirits, or Aqua Vita; (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, as aforesaid) above Proof, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain. t

D’ on Malt. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Three Pence for every Bushel be charged upon all Malt made, and which shall be ’ made, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of upon Tweed, and an additional Duty of One Penny Half-penny for every Bushel be charged upon all Malt made, and which shall be made, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on Malt That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- brought fromajesty, an additional Duty of One Penny Half-penny per Scotland' Bushel be charged upon all Malt which shall be brought from Scotland into England, Wales,or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and so in Proportion for any greater Or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowance*

That the several Allowances hereafter mentioned be on Beer and made upon all Beer and Ale brewed for Sale, over Ale brewed and above all other Allowances given by Law; that is *or e" to say, Eight Pence upon every Barrel of Beef or Ale, above Six Shillings the Barrel, not being Beer or Ale commonly called Table Beer, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, brewed by the Common Brewer, or uqy other Person or Persons, who doth or shall sell, or tap out, Beer or Ale publicly or privately, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gager; Ten Pence upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, not being Beer or Ale commonly called Table Beer, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, brewed by the Common Bfew’er, or any other Person or Persons, who doth or shall sell, or tap out, Beer or Ale publicly or privately in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, not being within the said Cities of London and Westminster, nor within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gager .;

Two Pence upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale of Six Shillings the Barrel or under, brewed by the Cotnmon Brewer, or any other Person or Persons, who doth or shall sell, or tap out, Beer or Ale publicly of privately throughout England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and returned by the Gager; Five Pence upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons, who doth or shall sell, or tap out, Beer or Ale publicly or privately within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the Gager; Two Pence upon every Barrel of Two-penny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, brewed within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the Gager; and One Penny upon every Barrel of Six Shilling Beer or Ale, or under, brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons, who doth or shall sell, or tap out, Beer or Ale publicly or privately within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the Gager; and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantities; the said Allowances to be paid out of the Monies to arise by the additional Duties on Malt. <r>

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That upon every Assessment, to be made after the 5th Duty 0,1 Day of April 1791, for a Year, under or by virtue of Taxe*. any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, for, or in respect of, the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the A flairs of Taxes (the Rate or Duty commonly called the Land Tax, and the Rate or Duty upon Inhabited Houses, granted by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty excepted) there shall be charged an additional Rate or Duty, alter the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum, upon the gross Amount of all the said former Rates and Duties charged by such Assessment, except as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That upon every Assessment, made or to be made for the Year ending the 5th Day of April 1791, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, for, or in respect of, the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioner* for the Affairs of Taxes (the Rate or Duty, commonly called the Land Tax, and the Rate or Duty upon Inhabited Houses, granted by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

excepted)

95

excepted) there shall be charged an additional Rate or Duty, alter the Rate of Ten Pounds Centum, upon the gross Amount of all the said former Rates and Duties charged by such Assessment (except as aforesaid) to be computed for the Half Year ending upon the said 5U1 Day of April 1791. ihtyon Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Gwwkeep- That upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or 6caK»m* Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate

issued to any Person under any Deputation or Appointment of Gamekeeper shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings and Six Pence.

D* on other Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Game Cer- That upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate issued to any Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the taking or Destruction of Game (not acting as a Gamekeeper under or by virtue of a Deputation or Appointment duly registered) shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of One Pound One Shilling.

The first Thirty Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Thirty-first Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { ^,) u6.

Tellers for the Noes, } «

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Lord Bay ham, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. ,do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Slaw Trade Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, the

deferred. 4th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the African Slave Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

the Cultivation of the same, and are not able to make that Advantage of their Lands as they could do in case the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, were divided and inclosed, and the respective Property of the Petitioners laid together; and that in case the said Common Fields,

Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, were divided and inclosed, considerable Advantage w’ould accrue to the said Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, as they would thereby be enabled greatly to increase the Value of their respective Properties, and to cultivate the same at much less Expence, and a Quantity of Waste Land, which is now of very small Value, would be rendered capable of considerable Improvement: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Division and Inclosure of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, of Little Woolston aforesaid, under and subject to such Regulations as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl Verney and Mr. Evan Lloyd Vaughan do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Southampton several of the Inhabitants, of the Parish of All Saints, in Church P«-the Town of the County of the Towm of Southampton, "tMm* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Parish Church of All Saints is a very ancient Building, and in a very ruinous and decayed Condition, and is much too small to contain the Inhabitants of the said Parish, which renders it necessary to take down the same, and also the Tower and Steeple belonging thereto, and to re-build and enlarge the said Church, Tower, Steeple, or Cupola, and it is conceived such good Purposes may be effected in a Manner the least burthensome to the inhabitants by borrowing Money at Interest on transferrable Bonds, or by granting Annuities: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to take down the said Church, and the Tower, or Steeple, or Cupola belonging thereto, and to re-build the same in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall appear meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Amyatt, Mr. Sloane, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Niue of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Little Wool-ton Inclo-»ure Petition.

Veneris, 17* die Decembris-,

Anno 31* Georgii III'" Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying dispersed in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, of Little Wools ton, in the County of Bucks; and that the Property of the Petitioners lies in small detached Parcels in the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, on which Account they are put to considerable Trouble and Expence in Vo l.46.

Mr. Alderman Watson presented to the House, St. Botolph, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and p°°r>&c* Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Botolph without Aldersgate, in the City of London; for securing the Payment of certain Annuities granted to discharge a Debt contracted for the Repair of the Parish Church, and re-building the Workhouse of the said Parish; and for the widening of Carthusian Street, leading from Aldersgate Street into Charter Home Square: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Adam Fergusson presented to the House, according Glasgow to Order, a Bill for amending an Act, made in the Roads Bill Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Pr«ent«d. for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Coniines

of

Canterbury Roads Bill passed.

Montrose Bridge Petition.

B*;tl and Kelliugley Jnelobure Bill passed.

96 17° Decembris. A. 1790.

of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating the rewith; and for the more effectually repairing the Baid Roads, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals, and new Bridge of Glasgow,to the Chapel of

in the said County of Lanark, and Branches thereof, and for making and repairing the Road from the said Chapel of Cambuslang, till it joins the High Road leading from Hamilton, by Bumtowards in the County of Renfrew: And the same was received;

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for making a new Road from Saint George's Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening

the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent, Mas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a new Road from George's Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Gipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the Borough of Montrose, and of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Forfar, in North Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the River South Esh, which is broad, rapid, and deep, intersects the great Post Road from the South to the North of Scotland at Montrose, and the Ferry, during the dark and stormy Nights of Winter,' is often attended with Delay and Inconvenience to Travellers; and that a Bridge, built at or near to Montrose, would render the Communication between the different Parts of the Country more expeditious and convenient, and be in many Respects advantageous to the Public: And

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Esk, at or near the said Burgh of Montrose, granting to certain Trustees, or Commissioners, to be therein named, all necessary and proper Powers for accomplishing the Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. D Scott, Mr. Pulteney, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Beal, otherwise Beaghall, and Kelliugley, in the Parish of in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Beal, otherwise,

and Kelliugley, in the Parish of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to tike Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol of Batley, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Right honourable Henry Charles Somerset, commonly called Marquis of Worcester, being chosen a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bristol, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Monmouth, in the County of Monmouth, made his Election to serve for the said City of Bristol.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Monmouth, in the County of Monmouth, in the room of the said Marquis of Worcester.

A Petition of Robert Home Gordon, of Embo, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioned, and also General James Grant, of Ballcndedloch, were Candidates at the last Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Sutherland, which was held at Dornoch:, in the said County, on JFednesday, the 14th Day of July last; and that the said General James Grant claimed to be, and took upon himself to act as, Parliamentary Praeses of the Meeting for Election, previous to the Choice of a Praeses by the Freeholders of the said County then met, and not only himself voted in the Choice of such Brasses, although he had no legal Right to be upon the Roll of Freeholders of the said County, or to vote in such Choice, but also admitted several other Persons, who had no legal Right either to be upon the said Roll, or to vote in the Choice of Praeses, to vote in such Choice, by Means whereof Robert Bruce Jl'.neas McLeod, of Cadboll, Esquire, obtained a colourable Majority, and was by the said General James Grant declared to be duly chosen Prseses of the said Meeting, although George Mackay, of Bighouse, Esquire, was the Person duly chosen Praeses by a Majority of the Freeholders then present, who had a Right to vote in such Choice; and that the said General James Grant and his Adherents, standing upon the said Roll, were guilty of great Partiality and Injustice to the Petitioner, not only by not striking the Names of him the said General James Grant, and of sundry other Persons, out of the Roll of Freeholders of the said County, and by taking and accepting the Votes of such Persons, as well in the Choice of Praises and Clerk of the said Meeting, as in the Election of a Commissioner to represent the said County, although by Law they were not entitled to have remained on the said Roll of Freeholders, or to have voted at the said Election, but also by inrolling other Persons as Freeholders on the said Roll, and taking and accepting their Votes in the said Election, and by striking the Name of John Gordon, of Putrossie, Esquire, from the said Roll, who

had a legal Right to continue thereon, and w ho would have voted, and did actually tender his Vote, for the Petitioner; and that the said General James and his Agents, some of whom voted as Freeholders at the said Election, did promise to other F’reeholders considerable Sums -of Money, Pensions, and other Gifts, Emoluments, Considerations, and Rewards, for their voting for him the said James Grant, or for such Person, and in such Manner, as he should direct them to vote; and that the said General James Grant was ineligible to serve in Parliament for the said County, not being a legal Freeholder of the said County; and that the Petitioner had the Votes of a Majority of the Freeholders of the said County, who by Law were entitled to vote at the said Election, and the said George

Mackay,

Batley Debtors Petition.

The Marquis of Worcester elects for Bristol.

Monmouth

Borough

Writ.

Sutherland Election — Petition of Mr. Gordon.

31 Geo. III-

Seventh

17* Decembris.

Mackay,o f Bighouse,who was the legal Prases of the its own Management and Possession, or to attempt

said Meeting, for Election, gave his casting or decisive the Improvement by its own Officers, but where the ,eport.

Vote in Favour of the Petitioner, in case in the Event transferring what has been reserved by the Crown on ——

it should afterwards appear that the Votes of the legal reasonable Terms, to the principal Grantee of the Part

Freeholders then present were equal, and the Peti- already alienated, would probably be the best Means

tioner was duly elected the Commissioner to serve in of bringing the whole Property to the highest Mate ot

Parliament for the said County, and ought to have Improvement.

been returned as such by the said Meeting to the Sheriff The Forests of the First Class, being those m which

of the said County, and by him returned as such the Public is most materially interested, for obvious

Commissioner, but the said General James Grant, by Reasons, called for our earliest Attention; and of that-

the Means aforesaid, and by various other undue Kind are the Forest of Dean", New ", A/iceho/t' 3<J Report.

Practices, procured himself to be returned to the said and , on which we have already presented t

Sheriff as the Commissioner chosen to represent ttie Reports to the Legislature.

said County, and has actually been returned by the

Mid Sheriff as such Commissioner, hi Prejudice of the Fores, „f &4. which the Subject of this Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to hare R js ,hc lalte/Uass.

been returned and also in Prejudice of the Majority ForeM is , Uualed j„ Kw,t Part of

of the legal Electoia of the said County: And_therefore ,|)e County of about Eight Miles Iran

the Forest of Whittlewood, and on the Borders of the County of Buckingham.

There are various Perambulations of this Forest among the Records in the Tower, made in the Reigns of Henri) III. and Eduard I; a Copy of the latest of these, dated 27th Eduard I. is given in the Appendix, Appendix, from which it appears that the Limits of the Forest * had been extended by King John; but that the Woods and Lawns afforested by that King were disafforested by Eduard, according to the Tenor of the Charta de Foresta, and in Consequence of a Grant of a Fifteenth Part of the Moveables of all his Subjects. But though the Forest was, by this solemn Proceeding, brought back to its antient Bounds, and though the Limits thus established were followed and confirmed by

praying the House to take the Premises into Considers tion, and to grant him such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 1 tith Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration

OrJmd, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or for more than 300 /i cars, an Attempt was

arrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as ma,dc .,ty the I again to enlarge the Forest,

dl be thought necessary. b. thesereral Parties, on.h. "nd "I'1' that View, in the 15th Year of his Reign, a

Warrants,

shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

1639.

Kf port from the Board of Land Revenue.

new Perambulation was made, by which a consider- ^ppplldix, able Extent of Country was added to it, and subjected 2*

The House being informed that Mr. Harrison, from to ,the Burthen of the forest Laws: But this violent the Board of Land Revenue, attended at the Door- and oppressive Measure, winch was extended also to he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the ve Forests’ was rendered ineffectual by an House, pursuant to the Directiuns of an Act of Par- £ct ,of Parliament in 1641, which confined all the >7Cha.I. liament, Royal Forests to their reputed Limits in the 20th Year CaP-1

A Seventh Report of the Commissioners appointed to Prece^‘ng

enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, . Bounds of the Forest, as fixed by the Peram-Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell bulat,°n 2 7th I. comprehend various Estates

or alienate Fee Farm and other Uniniproveable Rents: "of the of the Crown, but in which the

- Crown has certain Privileges for the Deer, and other

And also,

A Plan of the Forest of Salcey, referred to in the said Report.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Report and Plan were read.

The said Plan is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Report is as followed); viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Seventh Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

THE Royal Forests may be divided into Two Classes, the One consisting of tiiose in which the principal Share of the Property belongs to the Crown, and which, from their Extent, and their Vicinity to the Dock Yards, it becomes a National Object to keep and to improve; and the other consisting of those Forests in which the most valuable Share has been granted away, together with the Custody and Management, and where it does not appear to be expedient

Forestrial Rights, such as we have described in former Reports, excepting in such Parts as have been exempted from the Forest Laws, by Grants of Free Hay, or Disafforestation.

The Lands now considered as Forest, and in which the Crown is possessed of the Timber, and other valuable Rights, extend in Length about Two Miles and a Half, and in Breadth about One Mile and a

Arres. Jt. P.

Half, and contain 1,847. °* 23, Statute Measure, consisting of the following Particulars:

Acres. R.P.

1,121 3 24 are divided into 24 Coppices, covered with Timber and Underwood.

470 3 37 are open Plains and Ridings, never inclosed.

74 2 8 are inclosed Meadow and Pasture Lands,

occupied by the Warden and Keepers, with their respective Lodges; and 179 2 34 are inclosed Lawns, appropriated to the Use of the Deer, and the Cattle of the Warden and Keepers.

A Survey of these Lands has been made under our Direction, and a Plan thereof will be delivered with this Report. They are divided into Four Walks, and the following Statement will shew the Extent of each Walk, the Number of the Coppices, and the Quantity of open and inclosed Lands in each, and in what

for the Crown to take any Part of the Property into Parishes they are situated.

Vol.40.

C c

Hanslop

Bayorische Staotsbiblicthek

98

A. 1790.

17® Decmbris.

Seventh Land Revenue

Report. " WALKS. Coppices. Open Plains and Ridings. Lunds inclosed with the Lodges. Inclosed Lawns. Total. In what Parishes.

Hanslop - - -Piddington - - Hartwell - - - The Deputy Ran-l ger’s Walk -J 9 8 I 6* A. K. P. 486 1 l8 337 0 38 298 1 8 A. R. P. I90 2 21 130 3 34 149 1 22 A. R.. P. 19 0 11 12 3 24 9 34 33 0 19 A. R. P. 22 3 4 f>3 4 150 0 26 A. R. P. 718 3 14| 481 0 16 463 3 28^ 183 1 5' Part in Hansland Part extra-p^rochiaL Piddington. Part in HartweAshton, Piddington, and Part extra-parochial. Part in Piddington, and Part extra-parochial.

124 1,121 3 24 470 3 37 74 2 8 179 2 34 1,847 0 23

Appendix, A more particular Description of the Coppices and N® 3* other Lands above-mentioned, extracted from the Survey made by our Direction, is inserted in the Appendix.

By the Custom of this Forest the Underwood of the several Coppices is cut in Rotation, at Twenty-one Years Growth; and after each Cutting the Coppices are inclosed, so as to exclude the Commonable Cattle of the Forest for Nine Years, but the Deer are admitted into them Two Years sooner, by Means of Creeps and Deer Leaps made in the Fences. At the End of Nine Years they are again thrown opeu, and so continue for the remaining Twelve Years, until the Period of cutting the Underwood returns.

The Owners or Occupiers of Lands in Six different Parishes, namely, Hartwell, , Piddington,

and Hackleton in Northa, and Hanslop in Bucks, claim a Right of Common of Pasture in the 93d Nov'. Forest^ from Old May Day to Martinmas*, for as many Horses and Cows as they can keep in Winter on their Lands, to which the Right is appendant. The Forest is cleared of Draught Horses and Milch Cows during the t Fromooth Fence Month')'; no Swine are admitted at any Time, June to 90th and when the Forest is surcharged by the Commoners, Jul>- or the Cattle of Strangers are found in it, the trespas-Appendix, sing Cattle are impounded in the Forest Pounds; and N®7. the Keepers take, for their own Use, Six Shillings and Eight Pence a Head for the Cattle impounded. The Commonable Cattle are admitted to feed with the Deer in the uninclosed Plains and Ridings, which

Acres. R. P.

contain ----- - 470 3 37

And in all the Coppices, for the last Twelve Years out of every Twenty-one Years, being the Time which intervenes between the cutting of the Coppices, as has- been already explained - 1,121 3 24

So that the Quantity of Land subject to Rights of Common at the Seasons, and under the Limitations before-

mentioned, is 1,592 3 21

The Forest of Salcey was made Part of the Honour of Grafton, erected or established by Act of Parliament 33 HeA.VIII. in the 33d Year of King Henry VIII. and during the Cap. 3S. Time that the Coppices continued in the actual Possession of the Crown the Underwood was cut and sold, from Time to Time, by the Woodward of the County, by virtue of Warrants from the Lord Treasurer or Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the Profits accounted for to the King’s Use.

30 June, In the 17th Year of King Charles II. this Forest, 17Cha.lI. together with the Forest of was settled on

Queen Catherine for her Life, as Part of her Jointure, reserving all the Timber Trees and Sapling? for the Use of the Crown.

7

And in the 25th Year of that King, the several 91 June, Coppices, Woods, Underwoods, and Wood Lands, «5 Cha. II. in both those Forests, were granted to Henry Earl of 1673* Arlington, for the Term of his Life, after the Decease of the Queen, and after his Death to Henry Earl of Euston (afterwards Duke of Grafton) Charles Earl of Southampton, and George Lord Fitzroy, otherwise Lord George Palmer, Sons of Charles II. and their respective Heirs Male for ever} " Excepting all great Trees and " Timber Trees, and all fair Saplings, growing, arising,

" or increasing, in the said Coppices and Wood Lands,

" to be reserved for Stadles, or Samplers, and which " should seem most fit and proper for Timber, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case " made and provided; and also except all Herbage and Pannage of the said Coppices and Wood " Lands."

By virtue of this Grant, which commenced on the Death of the Queen Dowager*, in 1705, the Family De-of Grafton became entitled to, and now possess, the cember 170S* Underwood in the several Coppices, which after each Cutting are inclosed with a strong Hedge and Ditch, at the Expence of the Duke of Grafton, except in those Parts where the Fences of the Coppices form Part of the Outer Boundary of the Forest, the greatest Part of which is fenced by die Proprietors of the adjacent Lands, and the Residue with Posts and Rails, at the Expence of the Crown. The Right to the Underwood is the only Right which the Family of Grafton appear to have in Salcey Forest

This Forest is under the Government of the following

Officers; vizi.

A Warden or Master Forester, — The Right honourable

Frederick,

Lieutenant or Deputy Warden, Mr. William,

TwoVerderors - - - J William Hanbury, Esq. lwo vernerors, -^Mn Esq>

A Woodward, - - - - Mr. Thomas Smith,

Three Yeoman Keepers, viz'.

of Hanslop Walk, - - John,

Piddington Walk, - John Hartwell Walk, - - David Cherry,

One Page Keeper, - - - Robert

And the Surveyor General of the Woods and

Forests.

The Office of Warden or Master Forester, and Master of the Game of Salcey Forest, prior to the Reign of Charles II. was usually granted by Patent for Life; and during the Reigns of Queen Elizabeth, James I. and Charles I. was held successively by the Earls of Cumberland and Essex, Sir Christopher Hatton, the Marquis of Northampton, the Lord Williams, the Dukes of Lenox and Buckingham, and Earl of Dorset.

In the 12th Year of King Charles II. that Office was

granted

Appendix, W 4-

Appendix, * 6.

Appendix,

W7.

granted by Letters Patent to George of Hor-

ton, in the County of Northam, Esquire, and his Heirs Male, in Reversion of a Grant thereof to Robert Philips, Esquire, for his Life; with Power to appoint all Under Keepers, and other Under Officers, and to remove them at his Pleasure, together with a Yearly Fee or Allowance of £. 40; the Warden being charged fas the Patent expresses) with the Wages of a Lieutenant, Four Yeomen Keepers, and an inferior Keeper, called a Page.

Under this Patent, of which a Copy is given in the Appendix, the Office of Warden is now held by Mr. Montagu, who, as he informs us, is the last Heir Male of the original Grantee. In Right of that Office Mr. Montagu possesses the Great Lodge, which is a well built Prick House, and Offices, with Gardens and Pleasure Ground, and about 30 Acres of Meadow Land, inclosed for Hay, and Three inclosed Lawns, containing about 150 Acres, in which the Cattle of the Warden and his Deputy are admitted to depasture in Common with the Deer. The Warden’ also receives the Fee or Salary of £.40 per Annum, which was formerly paid out of the Produce of the Underwood, but since the Commencement of the Grant of the Coppices, on the Death of the Queen Dowager, has been paid at the Exchequer. He has also, by ancient Custom, One Acre of Underwood in each of the Coppices, every Time they are cut, which, with the Sale of the Lop of certain Trees, called Browse Trees, set apart for cutting Browse Wood for the Sustenance of the Deer in hard Weather, produces about £. 80 a Year; and out of these the Warden pays the Lieutenant or Deputy Warden, and Keepers, the Salaries and Allowances hereafter mentioned.

The Number of Deer kept in this Forest is about f,oooo, of all Sorts; and the Number killed Annually is about Twenty-eight Brace of Bucks, and Twenty-four of Does; of which Four Bucks and Four Does are supplied for the Use of His Majesty’s Household, in pursuance of Warrants from the Board of Green Cloth; and Six Bucks and Six Does (more or less, as the Forest is able to supply) are killed under Warrants from the Cofferer’s Office, or Clerk of the Venison Warrants, for the Use of the Public Offices, and others accustomed to have Venison from the Royal Forests. Besides these the Verderors of the Forest, the Chief Justice in Eyre, and his Secretary, and the Surveyor General of the Woods, have each a Fee Buck and Doe yearly; the Deputy Warden Six Bucks and Six Does; and each of the Three Yeomen Keepers One Brace of Bucks and One of Does. The Residue are disposed of by the Warden.

The Lieutenant or Deputy Warden has a general

99

Care of the Forest, under the Warden. When in the Seventh Forest he resides at the Great Lodge. His Salary is

£. 20 a Year, paid by the Warden, and he receives ----- ---- v- — <

certain Fees and Perquisites on killing Deer, besides the Fee Bucks and Does before mentioned. Also One Shilling in the Pound on the Sale of the Browse Wood, and of the Acre of Coppice Wood belonging to the Warden, with all Windfalls and dead Wood on the Lawn, and the Privilege of keeping Cattle on the Lawn; which Fees and Perquisites he estimates at Appendix, £ $0 a Year. N;8-

The Verderors in this, as in all other Forests, are MN* chosen by the Freeholders of the County. Their ’

Office is judicial, to preside at the Forest Courts, and to take Cognizance of all Trespasses relative to Vert and Venison. No Courts, however, are now held for this Forest; and Mr. Montagu informs us that none Appendix, have been held since he has been Ranger, nor, as N° 10. he believes, since the Rangership has been in his Family.

By the Custom of this Forest, every Verderor has Half an Acre of Underwood in each Coppice every Time it is cut, worth on an Average about Three Pounds per Annum to each Verderor. They have not any Salary or other Perquisite, except a Fee Buck and Fee Doe each, as before mention sd.

The Woodward for this Forest was formerly the Woodward General of all the King’s Woods in the Counties of Northampton and Rutland, and had an-tiently a Salary of Five Pounds per and a Per-

quisite of Twelve Pence in the Pound on all Wood Sales from the Buyers of the Wood, and a Fee of Four Pence for every Tree marked for Sale; but in the Year 1702 an additional Salary or Allowance of £. 30 a Year was allowed to the Woodward, in lieu of that Poundage; and in the Year 1756, when the Office of Woodward General became vacant, a separate Woodward was appointed for the Forest of Whit-tlewood, and the present Woodward, Mr. Thomas , was appointed Woodward of Salcey and Rockingham Forests, with a Salary of Five Pounds per Annum, an Allowance of £. 15 a Year in lieu of the Poundage on Wood Sales, and the Fee of Four Pence for every Tree marked for Sale. The Salary of Five Pounds is paid by Debenture, out of the Land Revenue; the Allowance of £. 15 a Year by the Surveyor General of the Woods, out of the Produce of Wood Sales; and the Fee of Four Pence per Tree by the Purchasers of the Wood.

The Three Keepers and Page Keeper have each a Lodge, and a certain Quantity of inclosed Land; and they state their Salaries, Allowances, and Emolument^ Appendix, to be as follows; vLd. 7«

KEEPERS. . Value of Lodges and Land* Payments by the Warden. Fees and Perquisites from Deer. Value of Fuel Wood. TOTAL.

Salaries. For cutting Browse Wood.

John Meadows, Hanslop Walk -John Sawbridge, Piddington D* -David Cherry, Hartwell D* -Robert Alsop, Page Keeper D* for Sheep Walks 1 paid by the D* for Cow Commons/ 'v"de,t £. s. d. 30 30 30 10 £. s. d. 2 13 4 2 13 4 3 13 4 1 13 4 3 £. s. d. 6 6 6 6 £. s* d. 50 50 50 10 £. s. d. 10 10 10 ,0 ] -: -I £ s. <L 98 13 4 98 »3 4 98 *3 4 47 »3 4

100 = 19 »3 4 1 1 0 VO 1 1 sr 40 343 13 4

Yoi~ 46.

Thq

100 17° Decerribris. A. 1790.

L Srft The Surveyor General of the Woods has in this, as ^Report.'1'1* ’n the Forests, a general Superintendance, and , — J Care of the Timber, and the Execution of all Warrants for felling Timber for' the Navy, or for Sale, and performing Repairs, or any other Works done in the Forest, at the Charge of the Crown; and his Emoluments in this arc similar to those which have usually been received by that Officer from other Forests, ex-. cepting the Third Poundage of 5 Cent, on the Money arising from Wood Sales, which does not appear to have been retained in this Forest for the Surveyor General, as it was in those on which we have already reported. The Business of that Office is executed by a Deputy; and the present Deputy Sur-Appendix, V6y0r for this, as well as for Whittlewood Forest, is ia> Mr. Reuben Capes (One of the Keepers of Whittlewood, under the Duke of Grafton) whose Salary as Deputy Surveyor for both Forests is £. 25 per Annum, which is paid out of the Produce of Wood Sales: And it is worthy of Notice, as an Instance of the loose and irregular Manner in which the Business of that Department is conducted, that the Deputy Surveyor has at Two different Periods (viz1, from 178310 1787, and again in the present Year) taken a Poundage of 5 per Cent, for his own Use on the Sale of Offal Wood and Bark of Navy Timber, without Authority from his Principal, assigning as his Reason for it, that he had been promised an Increase of Salary, which had not been paid to him.

From the Account we have given, it appears that the Interest in this Forest, exclusive of the Rights of the Commoners, is divided between Three different Proprietors, viz1.The great Timber and Saplings belong to the Crown, under the Reservation in the Grant of the Coppices; the Underwood to the Duke of Grafton, by virtue of the same Grant; and the Lodges, Lawns, and (’are of the Deer, to Mr.

in consequence of his Office of Warden, Keeper, or Master Forester.

We have endeavoured to discover what the State of this Forest was in antient Times, before the Grants were made, by which this Mixture of Interests in the Timber and Underwood was created, when the Crown was the sole Proprietor of both; and what it has produced in Appendix later.Times, since the Date of those Grants; and we K* 13. ’ have found (among the Papers collected by Sir

Ciesar, one of the Ministers of King James I.) a Survey

of the Timber and Wood belonging to the Crown in the County of Northampton, taken in the Year 1608, by Men of respectable Character, acting under the Controul of the Earl of Exeter and the Lord Stanhope; from which it appeal's that there were at tlmt Time growing in this Forest 15,274 Timber Trees of Oak, then valued at £.11,951, besides 440 decaying Trees, valued at £.140. 13 s. 4 d. The Number of Loads of Timber is not mentioned in this Survey; but as we find, from other authentic Documents of the same Period, that the general Price of Oak Timber was then about 105. per Load, Girt Measure, the 15,274 Oak Trees which were valued at near 16$. each, must have contained, One with another, not less than a Load and a Half of Timber, or about 22,911 Loads, Girt Measure, which is equal to 34,366 Loads, Square Measure.

On a Survey taken in 1783, by Mr. Reuben , the Deputy Surveyor, under the Authority of the Surveyor General of the Woods and forests, in Obedience to an Order of the House of Commons, there were reported to be then in this Forest only 2,918 Oak Trees fit for the Navy (including all Trees down to 30 Feet of Timber) containing by Computation 3,745 Loads of Timber, Square Measure; and only 194 scrubbed, dotard, or defective Trees of above 30 Feet each, besides Browse Trees, of which there were 8,266 Oak Trees, containing by Computation 7,338 Loads of Timber, Square Measure, and 8,914 Browse Ashes; — so that the Timber fit for the Navy, according to this Survey, was little more than One-tenth Part of the Quantity fit for Naval Use glowing in this Forest in 1608. The annexed Statements of the Timber supplied from this Forest for the Navy, and of the Wood and Timber sold there for the Use of the Crown, since the Death of the Queen Dowager, when the Grantees of the Coppices entered into Possession, will shew that the small Stock of Timber, said to be remaining in 1783, is not accounted for by the felling of any great Quantities during the present Century; and, admitting that the Survey in 1783 may not have been taken with perfect Accuracy, and that the growing Timber may have been somewhat under-rated, no Error of that Kind can be supposed of such Magnitude, as to account for so extraordinary a Diminution.

On perusing the Accounts of the Surveyor General of the Woods, from the Death of the Queen Dowager to the End of the Year 1786, we find that the whole Produce of the Timber and Wood felled and sold in £. s. d. this Forest for the Use of the Crown, within that Time, amounts to the Sum of ... 6,447 3

t

The Payments for Repairs of Lodges, and other Works there, during the same £. s. d.

Period - - - - 4,466 9 8i

Auuual and other Allowances to the Woodward, paid out of the Produce of

Wood Sales ----- ----- - - 976 14 —

Fees and Poundages to Officers, Expences attending the Sales, and other

incidental Charges - - - 1,048 17 6

----- --- 6,492 1 2f

So that the Disbursements exceed the Produce of the Wood Sales by the Sum of - £. 44 18 — $

But there is to be taken into the Account the Value of the Timber supplied from the Forest for the Use of the Navy, from 1781 to 1786 inclusive, which, by the annexed Account, appears to be

Loads. F*et.

908 29 of Oak Timber, and the Value thereof, with the Lop, Top, Offal Wood, and Bark, £. s. d. as accounted for by the Surveyor General, is - 2,414 19 5

Prior to 17.81 no Naval Timl>er w as had from this Forest, from the Time of the Decease of the Queen Dowager; and the Accounts of what has been felled since 1786 have not yet been passed before the Auditor.

The Fees, Poundages, and other Expences charged in the Accounts of that Timber,

amount to - ----- ----- --- - 303 4 3

Net Produce of the Naval Timber - - - £. 2,111 15 2

From

Appendix,

14.

Appendix,

1*

Appendix. N* 16,17,

Appendix, N* 16.

Appendix,

17.

17° Decembris,

101

Appendix, N*. 19.

Brought forw ard -

From which is to be deducted the above stated Balance on the Account of Wood Sales -

£. S. d. Seventh 2 11115 2 Land Revenue

’ 44 18 — I - RePoft- .

H

Leaving as the Net Produce of the Wood and Timber of this Forest, from 1705 to 1786, according to the Accounts of the Surveyor General of the Woods remaining in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue ----- - - - 2,066 17

But against that Sum is to be set the Amount of the Warden’s Fee or Salary of £. 40 Annum, paid out of the Exchequer, and of the Woodward’s Patent Salary of £. 5

Annum, paid out of the Land Revenue, amounting, from 1705 to 1786, to 3>^45 ——

So that the Expences on this Forest from 1705 to 1786 have exceeded the whole Produce of ——

the Wood Sales and Navy Timber during that Time, by the Sum of - - £ 1,578 2 iof

Appendix,

H»»8.

At first Sight it must appear extraordinary, that so valuable a Property as the Timt>er and Trees of every Kind in a Forest of above 1,800 Acres Extent, the greatest Part of it Wood Land, fully planted, and the Soil the most excellent for the Growth of Oak, should have been so unproductive to the Proprietor; and that, at the same Time, the Stock of Timber remaining in the Forest should be so inconsiderable, in Comparison of w hat once was there; more especially as there are not in this Forest any other Charges to be defrayed out of the Produce of the Timber, than the Repairs of Four small Lodges for the Under Keepers, and of a moderate-sized Dwelling House for the Warden, the small Salary of £. 15 to the Woodward, and a Proportion of that to the Deputy Surveyor. In our Opinion, therefore, this can only be imputed to the ruinous Effects of a Mixture of opposite Interests in the same Property, and of the System of Management of the Royal Forests which has prevailed for many Years past

There cannot indeed be a stronger Proof of the bad Effects of that System, than what arises from the vast Number of Oak Trees lopped for Browse Wood; and we know from the Information of Mr. John the Officer employed by the Navy Board to take the Charge of the Navy Timber in and

Forests, that some of the Browse Trees are very large and sound Trees, fit for the Service of the Navy. The Waste and Spoil of Timber, occasioned by the lopping of so many Trees for Browse, far beyond what Can be necessary for the Sustenance of the Deer in this small Forest, is obviously owing to the present Mode of paying the Salaries of the Lieutenant and Keepers, which are defrayed by the Warden, chiefly from the Sale of Browse Wood. This wasteful Practice, we think it necessary to observe, has not been introduced, nor has the Number of Browse Trees been increased, by the present Warden; but, at the same Time, we think it our Duty to remark, that the cutting of Browse Wood, beyond what is absolutely necessary for the Support of the Deer, does not appear to be authorized by the Terms of the Patent under which that Office is held, and by which the Patentee engaged to pay the Wages of the Lieutenant and Keepers, in Consideration of the Allowance of £. 40 a Year; and if the Patentee has now a Right to cut Browse Wood, in order to raise a Fund for the Payment of those Salaries, it must have been acquired by long Usage only.

Among the Privileges belonging to the Warden or Deputy Warden, our Surveyor enumerates that of cutting Bushes and Underwood, in the Plains, open Ridings, and Lawns in the Forest, which contain about 650 Acres. The Exercise of this Privilege must ever prevent a Succession of young Trees in these Parts of the Forest, where, being constantly exposed to Injuries from the Deer and (battle, none can possibly grow up but under the Protection of the Bushes; and accordingly we find that there are a few Oak limber Trees, Ash Pollards, and Bushes growing the re, but no young Saplings of any Kind.

the. Office of Surveyor of the Woods, as at present Vol. 46. F

Constituted, the Nature of its Perquisites, and the #

Mode of executing the Business of that Department, are additional Causes of Waste and Expence. the Poundage of 5 per Cent, on all Monies coming to the See Reports, Hands of the Surveyor General, and another Pound- 6 3,5,au age of 5 per Cent, on the Expenditure of those Monies, make it for the Interest of that Officer to fell the Timber, and to promote and enhance the Expence of Repairs and Works in the Forests. — The Whole of the actual Business in the Forests being transacted by Deputies, and those Deputies not acting upon Oath; the Sales of the Wood and Timber being wholly under their Direction, without any adequate Check or Controul; and those Deputies, in many Instances (as appears by our former Reports) the Buyers of the Wood and Timber sold by themselves; the Works and Repairs being either performed by them, or by Workmen of their Appointment, upon Estimates of their own forming; and neither those Estimates made on Oath, nor the Works afterwards surveyed, or the Accounts sworn to, by those who transact the Business, though the Surveyor General himself is accountable on Oath, must leave the Whole entirely dependant on the personal Integrity of an Individual, who is neither from Rank or Situation, or the fair Emoluments of Office, placed above the Temptation of ordinary Corruption; and yet this Officer is the only one who has any special Charge of the growing Timber in the Forests.

The Stools or Roots of the Trees felled, which unquestionably belong to the Crown, are here taken by the Keepers: the Value of them, when dug up, is from One Shilling to Five or Six Shillings each — One Half Appendix, of which is allowed for the Labour of raising the m. l'2-In a large Fall of Timber this Article might be worth Attention. In Nerv Forest the Roots of Trees are sold and brought to Account, under the Title of Moor Wood; but the Deputy Surveyor of this Forest, whose Duty it is to attend to the Interests of the Crown there, is One of the Keepers of Whittlezoooo Forest, as his Father, the late Deputy Surveyor, was for many Years before, and One of those who turn this Article to their own Emolument.

To any one who considers the natural Tendency of such a System of Management, it cannot be surprising that any Property whatever should not prove very productive.

The Soil of this Forest appears to be peculiarly Appendix, adapted to the Growth of large Timber; as a Proof of which may he mentioned, that there is One antient 3. ’ Oak Tree 17 Yards in Circumference; and the Trees in general are larger and longer than those in the neighbouring Forest of ll’hittk‘.wood:But the Underwood here is of much less Value, the Land being cold and wet, and lying very flat. The Succession of young Timber in this Forest is, comparatively, very small, chiefly owing to the great Quantity of Browse Trees, which, in 1783, were no less than 17,580, of Oak and Ash, being more than double the Number of all the other Trees in tire Forest, down to Saplings apd Storers of Tw’o Feet each.

It was probably owing to the Distance of this:

D d Forest

102

17° jCkcm

A. X

Seventh front the Dock Yards, nod the Expence of Csr*

Land Revenue riage, that rlo Timber was brought front thence for Report- the U,se of the Navy before the Year 178.1. The JUnd Carriage to the River at , to which

Appendix, N* <10.

the Presence of Two Justices of the Peace, who should attest the Accounts of the Lots sold, and the Prices of them. That after the Felling of the Timber, an

________________ Account should be taken by the Deputy Surveyor and

tire^NavaPTimber from Safcey h«3 "generally been Purveyor of all the Trees and Saplings then remain-conveyed, is Fifty Miles, and the whole Expepce of ing in each Coppice, in Classes, as before mentioned, the Lppd and Water Carriage, £.3. 18>s. per Load, and Returns thereof made to the Navy Board and Of-Square Measure. — To lessen that Expence as much as fice of Forests, with a Report of the State of the Cop-possible, the Timber is sided and converted in the pices (Duplicates of those Returns being kept by the Forest, under the Direction of a Shipwright from Dept- Deputy Surveyor, and the Keepers of the respective ford Yard; and it is probable that the Expence of Walks; and that Saplings or Acorns should be ^Carriage may be farther reduced by Means of a Canal planted in those Parts of the Coppices, where there are lately made from O.tford to Banbury, by drawing the too few.

Timber, when the Roads are good, out of the Forest, We would also recommend that the lopping of Oak to TowcesUr, about Six or Seven Miles, from whence Trees for Browse, which is by no Means necessary for there is a Turnpike Road to Ayuhoe Wharf, on that the Sustenance of the Deer (^s is evident in the Case Canal, and the Distance not more than Half the pre- of New Forest, where it is prohibited by Act of Par- 9 and 10 \v sent Land Carriage to Hertford. liament, though the Deer are Ten Times more nume- ill- See 5U1

After attentively considering the Situation of the rous than in this Forest) should, by an Arrangement RePort-Rights of the Crown in this Forest, we are of Opinion, with the Warden, be discontinued in future, and an ftiat from the Circumstance of the present Warden be- Equivalent given to him in Money for the Dirpinu-

ing the only surviving Heir Male of the Grantee, and the Ron of the Profit by Sale of Browse Wood (to be ap-

Rrobability that the valuable Interest in foe Forest an- plied in Payment of the Wages of the Keepers) if jt hexed to that Office may, at the End of One Life, revert shall be found that by long Usage he has acquired a to the Crown, it will he for the Advantage of foe Pub- Right to that Perquisite; and after such an Arrange-lie to postpone any material Alteration in the Property, went with the Warden, the Browse Wood cut from

till that Grant shall expire; and we would now only the Ash Trees wight be allowed to the Keepers for

propose the establishing such Regulations as appear their Fuel, and none should be suffered to be sold on to us necessary to be observed, w hile the Interests in any Pretence,

the Forest shall continue as they now are. The System respecting the Repairs of Lodges, or

In the First Place, we would recommend that a new other Works to be done at the Charge of the Crown, and minute Survey should be taken by a skilful Sur- which in all the Forests is a Source of great Exponce veyor, on Oath, of all the Trees remaining in the and Waste of Timber, should be entirely changed, and Forest, in Classes, according to their Size, from Stan- those Perquisites which hold out such strong Tempts-dils and Storers up to the largest Timber Trees, and tions, both to the felling of the Timber improperly,

and enhancing the Charges and Disbursements in the Forests, should be altogether abolished. The previous Estimates of all such Works should be made on Oath, by competent Workmen, and an Opinion as to the Necessity and Propriety of them, as well as on the

r ' h 4U*Wi *

deposited both in the Navy Office and Office of Forests. That all the Trees of Ten Inches square and upwards should be numbered progressively with Paint upon the Bark, corresponding with the Survey. That a Duplicate of the Survey should be delivered to the

Deputy or Agent from the Office of Forests, intrusted Expence, should be reported to the Treasury, from with foe Care of the Timber; and another, of the Parts the Office of Forests, before any Order be given for within each Walk, to the respective Keepers, who must such Works, and that none whatever should be per-be considered to be responsible for the Trees and Sap- formed without a Warrant from that Board. That lings under their Charge. That prior to every Cut- any considerable Works of this Nature should be ad-ting of the Coppices, the Wavers or Saplings proper vertised, and done by open Contract, and regularly

..... - surveyed, to see that they are duly executed, and the

Accounts and Vouchers for the Expenditure should be finally rendered on Oath, before the proper Auditor; and all old Materials not fit to be used again

v-> ’ 1 i > — . ’ r‘o t

to be left standing should be marked, by or under the Direction of the Deputy Surveyor. That the Keepers should take Care that none of them be cut by the Buyers of the Underwood; and that no Person be suf-

fered to gather Acorns in the Coppices, at least during should be sold, and brought to Account; in the same the Time they shall remain inclosed. That immediately Manner as Monies arising from any other Source, after the Cutting of the Underwood a Purveyor of the When the Grant of the Office of Warden shall be Navy should attend, with the Deputy Surveyor, to mark determined, we humbly think that it would be ad vise-such Trees fit for the Use of the Navy, as would suf- able either not to make any farther Grant of that Office, or that only a temporary Appointment of a War-

fer by standing fill the next Cutting, and any scrubbed or other Trees or Saplings, proper Jo be cut for Sale, or for thinning the Woods; a Return of which, signed by the Purveyor and Deputy Surveyor, should forthwith he transmitted to the Office of Forests, and from thence to the Treasury; and that no Trees whatever be cut without a Warrant, signed by His Majesty, and counter-signed by the Lords of the Treasury. That the Timber fit for the Service of the Navy should be delivered into the Charge of the Purveyor, being first duly measured; and an Account of the Quantity, in Square Measure, signed both by the Purveyor and Deputy Surveyor, transmitted to the Navy Board pud Office of Forests. That the Trees unfit for Naval Purposes, and the Offal Wood and Bark of the Navy Timber, should be valued by competent Judges, on Oath, and divided into Lots, and sold by Auction, the Safes being previously advertised at least Three Weeks, to give Time to Persons wishing tp become Purchasers to examine the Value of the respective Lots; and that the Safes should fie made in

den should take Place until such an Arrangement has been made respecting the Property of the Timber and Underwood, and the Rights of the Commoners, as shall fie found expedient and practicable.

In forming an Opinion what Measures it would then be most adviseable for the Public to adopt, there are various Circumstances which merit Consideration.

We are sensible, that under the best Plan of Management which can be devised, the Care and uniform Protection which a Nursery of Timber requires will always be found more difficult, and mpre expensive in any Situation to the Public, than to a private Proprietor; and if it were certain, that a regular Supply of Timber for the Use of the Navy could be obtained from private Estates in this Country, we should think it for the Advantage of the Public to sell the Whole of the Forests, and invest the Price in the Public Funds, instead of attempting the Improvement of any of them by its own Officers and Servants. It is the concurring Information which we have hitherto received

1

See Pag* 97*

of a gradual Decrease in tl*e Quantity of growing Timber, the Prospect of a Scarcity, and the Danger of depending upon other Countries for the Support of our Navy, which alone could induce us to recommend that Government should undertake what we know to be so difficult, as the Management, Protection, and Improvement of Woods and Timber: But since there is Cause to apprehend a Scarcity, and that this Measure is therefore become highly expedient and necessary, it is extremely desirable that t!»e Forests to be retained by the Crown, and improved by its owu Officers, should be such as are possessed of every natural Advantage, in Point of Soil, Situation, and Extent, to make up for the Disadvantages attending public Management, so as that die Timber may cost as little to the Public as possible: They should be of such Extent as to make it worth while to employ proper Officers in them, dependant ou the Office of Forests and Navy Board, to form Checks on the Conduct of each other; they ought to be few hi Number, and situated conveniently for Carriage to the Dock Yards, that the Expeoce of conveying the Timber way be moderate, and that they may be visited often, and without much Expeoce, by principal Officers in those Departments, and the State and Condition in which they are preserved, made known by their Reports to those Offices, to the Treasury Board, and to Parliament.

The Forests which were the Subject of our former Reports enjoy those Advantages; and we therefore gave it as our Opinion, that they should be kept in the Possession of the Crown. The Forest of Salcey is in some Respects different, and does not possess aH those Advantages. The Distance of the Forest from the Dock Yards, and from any navigable Iliver, as we have before observed, is so considerable, that the Carriage of the Timber has been hitherto no less than £3. i8j. per Load, notwithstanding the Precaution taken by the Officers of the Navy Board to lessen the Expence, by squaring and converting the Timber in the Forest; and though that Expence may probably be lessened in future, by Means of the new Canal before mentioned, yet, according to the best Calculation we are enabled to make, the Carnage w ill still be more expensive than from the Forest of Dean, New Forest, or Aliceholt. The Extent of this Forest is also not so great as we think desirable in a Forest to be retained and improved by the Crown; and there will still be a Mixture of Rights in it, even after the Grant of the Wardenship shall expire, while the Duke of Grafton retains the Property of the Underwood; but, on the other Hand, the Soil of this Forest is found to be peculiarly adapted to the Growth of great Oak Timber, the Trees there rising to such a Size, as to furnish the principal Pieces necessary in the Construction of our largest Ships, now very difficult to be procured, and which few Soils are capable of producing in an equal Degree.

Under these Circumstances, we humbly think it would be adviseable, when the Wardenship of the Forest shall revert to the Crown, that Endeavours should be used to effect a Settlement with those having Right of Common in the Forest, by which they should agree to permit the Coppices to continue a longer Time inclosed, in Consideration that the Deer should be either wholly removed from the Forest, or confined entirely to tho Lawns, or some other Part which can be kept constantly inclosed: And in this Case Power might be given to Commissioners appointed by the Crown and the Commoners, to determine what dumber of Years, added to the present Term of Inclosure, would bean Equivalent for removing the Deer: And we think it would also be adviseable to tnake an Offer either to transfer to the Family of Grafton all the remaining Rights of the Crown there, on Condition of delivering an adequate Quantity of Timber Annually Vox,. 46.

for the Use of the Navy, of such Dimensions and Descriptions as this Forest may be expected to produce; or to purchase from that Family the Right to the Underwood, if they shall be disposed to part with it on reasonable Terms, so as to put an End to that Mixture of Rights, which not only prevents the full Improvement of Property, but introduces Waste, and renders the Management more expensive and difficult.

If either of the Proposals for an Arrangement with the Duke of Grafton shall be adopted, the Quantity of the Timber to be delivered Annually for the Navy, in Return for the Rights to be transferred to the Duke of Grafton, and all the Conditions necessary in such ao Agreement, or, on the other Hand, the Price to be paid by the Crown for the Right to the Underwood, may be determined by Treaty, or settled by Commissioners 01* Arbitrators, to he appointed by the Crown and the Duke of Grafton.

If the Plan of accepting a stipulated Quantity of Naval Timber, in lieu of the present Rights of the Crown, shall be preferred, we apprehend it would be necessary, in order to ensure a permanent Succession of Timber in that Forest, and render it capable of yielding the Annual Supply, that the Grantee or Purchaser should be restrained from converting any of the Wood Lands into Tillage or Pasture; ffiat he should be bound to leave standing a certain Number of the most thriving Standils or Saplings of Oak, on every Acre of the Coppices, and to preserve them from Spoil; and that the Forest should be visited often by an Inspector or Surveyor from the Office of Forests, to see that those Conditions are duly complied with; that no Oak Tree whatever should lie cut, except in Barking Season, and that during that Time a Purveyor, or Officer from the Navy Board, together with an Inspector or Surveyor from the Office of Forests, should attend, the former to see that the Timber to be rendered to the Public be made up of that Sort of the Year’s Falling which is best adapted for the Service of the Navy, and both of them as a Check on the felling too great a Quantity in any One Season, in Proportion to the Stock remaining for the future Supply; and, with this View, all the Trees proposed to he felled in each Season, as well for the Use of the Grantee as for the Public, should be set out in the Presence, and with the Approbation, of those Officers, and marked with both their Hammers; and proper Penalties should he enacted to enforce the Observance of those Conditions. Such Clauses w’ould not only in our Opinion be necessary for securing the Supply for the Navy from this Forest, but, we have Reason to believe, would be particularly desired by the Duke of Grafton himself, as a Security against the Danger of the Timber being improvidently and profusely cut by any future Proprietor, to the Prejudice of his Successors; from the Apprehension of which Danger his Grace has expressed some Objections to this Proposal.

By Means of such an Arrangement, the Two Objects which we have constantly in View, of patting an End to that Mixture of Rights so prejudicial to the Improvement of all Property, and of providing a Supply of Timber of the most valuable Kind for the Navy, would both be attained; while the Disadvantages attending the Cultivation of Timber by the Officers of the Crown, in a Forest rather too remote, and of too limited an Extent, would be avoided.

But if instead of this Plan, the purchasing of the Underwood shall meet the Approbation of the Crown and the Duke of Grafton, such Regulations should be established as may be necessary both to secure to the Crown the full Benefit of the Underwood, though a secondary and inferior Object, and to provide effectually for the future Growth and Preservation of Timber in this Forest.

To this End we would advise that as the Coppices

come

Seventh Land Revenue Report.

104 17° Decembris, A. 1790*

Seventh come in Course of, cutting, the Wavers or Saplings of the Office of Forests, as we have recommended in

Land Revenue proper to be left standing should, in the First Place, our Report on New Forest. Neither the Warden nor

Report. be marked in the Manner mentioned in the former Keepers should have any Perquisite arising from the

' ¥ Part of this Report. That the Underwood should Timber, or detrimental to it: The Salaries of the

then be valued by competent Judges, and sold by Keepers should be paid in Money, arising from the Sale . public Auction, in Lots not exceeding One Coppice of the Offal Wood of Navy Timber, and the Thinnings in each, under the Direction of an Agent appointed of the Woods; and the same Regulations should be put by the Office of Forests, and in the Presence of Two in Force respecting the Browse Wood, as we have before

Justices of the Peace, the Sales being previously recommended.

advertised, as in the Case of a Sale of Timber. That If an Arrangement should be made with the Com-the fencing of the Coppices, after each Cutting, should moners for the Removal of the Deer, and lengthening be done by Measurej at Prices to be previously approved the Term of Inclosure, and the Property of the Underby the Office of Forests. And that the Timber proper wood be purchased, the Rights of the Crown in this tb be cut for the Navy, for Repairs, or for thinning the Forest will then be more favourable to the Growth of Woods, should be felled and disposed of in the Manner Timber than they were even when the Survey was already described. made in 1608; and under a proper Course of Manage-

But if neither of these Two Plans shall be carried ment a very considerable Stock of Timber may again be into Effect, and the Rights of the Crown and the produced there.

Grafton Family to the Timber and Underwood shall We shall only observe farther, that if the Forests of remain unaltered, the same Course will be proper to be and Salcey shall both remain under the

pursued, with respect to the marking of the Saplings Management of the Officers of the Crown, One De-before the cutting of the Underwood, and the felling and puty or Agent from the Office of Forests may, from Disposal of the Trees proper to be cut, as is mentioned their Vicinity to each other, continue, as at present, to in the former Part of this" Report. have the Superintendance of both; and the same Officers

If the Crown shall still retain the Property of the who shall from Time to Time be sent from the Office of Timber, and it shall be judged proper that the Offices Forests, or the Navy Board, to inspect the one, may, of the Warden and Keepers should be continued, those without much additional Expence, or Loss of Time, Offices should undoubtedly be put under such Regu- proceed to the other, lations as may best promote the Increase and Preservation of the Timber. The Wardenship, we humbly (l.s.)

conceive, should be granted only during Pleasure, Land Revenue. Office, (t.s.)

and the Keepers should be in the Appointment of the Scotland Yard, John , (l. s.)

Treasury, and subject to the Direction and Controul December 13th, 1790.

APPENDIX.


31 Geo. III. 17° .

a p p E n d . i x.

105

Seventh Land Revenue Report.

'---- V ----- '

Number Page

1. — Perambulation of the Forest' of Salcey, 27th Eda/ Ift. - - - - 106

2. — Perambulation'of the same Forest, 15th Cha‘ 1st. - - - 106

3- — An Account of the Coppices, Lodges, Lawns, and other Lands, within the said

Forest, extracted from a Survey thereof made by Richard Davis in 1787 - 107

4- — Grant of the Office of Warden of the said Forest to George Esquire,

and his Heirs Male, dated 28th August, 12th Charles lld. - - - 109

5. — The Answer of the Right honourable Frederick Montagu, Ranger or Warden of the said Forest, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue - 110

6. — Surveyor General’s Report to the Lord Treasurer, for paying the Rangers Fee

of ;£ 40 a Year, out of the Exchequer, dated 20th March 170^ - - - ill

7. — Examinations of the Keepers and Page Keeper of the said Forest - - -ill

8. — The Answer of William Smith, Esquire, Deputy to the Ranger or Warden of the said Forest, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue - - 115

q.-r-D" of William Hanbury, Esquire, One of the Verderors of the said Forest - 115

10. — Extract of a Letter from the Right honourable Frederick Montagu, to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue - - - - -115

11. — The Answer of Thomas Smith, Esquire, Woodward of the said Forest, to the

Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue - - - - -115

12. — The Examination of Reuben Capes, Deputy to the Surveyor General of the

Woods and Forests, for the Forests of Whitt lewood and Salcey - - - 116

13. — Extract from a Survey intituled, " A Survay estimate and valew of his Mau

" Tymber and Fyerwoods in Com Northton S'vayed marked and valewed by " Wm Salter and Henry Thorpe the first of January A® lfib8" - - - 118

14. - — A Breviate of the Survey of the King’s Woods in Lincolnshire, surveyed by

Christopher Horde, 12 th March 1608, shewing the Prices of Timber, &c. at that Period - - - - -119

15. — An Account of all the Oak and Ash Trees growing in Salcey Forest, surveyed

between the 7th March and the 8th April 1783, in Pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, and by the Direction of John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, the 9th October 1782, by Reuben Capes, Deputy* Surveyor - - - -121

16. — Abstract of Accounts of Wood Sales within the said Forest, for defraying the

Expences of Works and Repairs there, and other Purposes, from 1709 to 1786, inclusive - - - -122

17. — Abstract of Accounts of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy within the said.

Forest, from 1781 to 1786 inclusive - - - - . ~ - - -123

18. — Two Letters from Mr. John Collinridge to the Commissioners of the Land

- Revenue, respecting the Quality of the Soil and Timber in the Forests of Whitt lewood and Salcey, and the Browse Trees there - - - 124

19. — The Lord Treasurer Godolphins Warrant for paying the Woodward’s Salary out

of the Land Revenue, dated the 2d December 1709 - - - - 124

20. — Extract of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Navy, stating the Expence of the Carriage of Timber from Salcey forest to Deptford - - - -125

VOL. 46.

Ee

N® 1.

N* i,

PERAMBULATION of the Forest of in the 27th Year of King Edward 1"*

Rot. Perambulac de Anno Regni Regis Edwardi Primi Vicesimo septimo. m. 11.

NORTH: ! REX Omihz ad quos, SALTSl SALCETO./ SCIATIS qd Cum Coltas Regni nri nob concesserit Quintamdecimam omium Bonor suor mobilium que hebiint in Festo SEi Michis pximo futuro ex tunc taxftndor quequidem Quintadecima post hujusmodi Taxacoem colligi debet, levari & fidelit* nob solvi, Volumus et concedimus p nob & heredifcz nris qd ^ambulacoes facte coram dilco & fideli nro Rogro Brabanzoun k Socijs suis ad hoc assignatis ty* p'ceptum nrm de Forestis nris in Com Northton decet'o teneantur & observentur Metas et Bundas contentas in eisdem <^*atnbulac6ibz quar Tenor de Verbo ad Verbuni sequitur in hunc modum. PERAMBU-LACO fca in Forestis de Salseto & Wytlewode Die Ven'is j>x ante Festum Aplor Simonis et Jude Anno Regni Regis Edwardi Fit Reg Hen? Vicesimo septimo prceptum Dhi Regis Eld ward Sacrum Walt'i

Fit Robti de Davintre,- Galfrid de Sandyaere, Johis de Roseles, Willi de Wotton, Elye de Prestone, Johis de Hargrave, Thome Malekaks, Rog’i Musindene, Ade de Toursmere, Robti Le Bon Ilenr Gobyon, Johis de BamevTll, Johis de Grymescote, Theobaldi de Evenle, Thome de Gretworthe, Reginaldi Clici, Johis de la Hacche, Johis de Wydevyll, Johis le Forester, Reginald Mallor & Johis de Cumelyntone ad hoc elector coram Rog'o Brabanzoun, Jolie de Berwyk, Rado de Hengham & Jolie de Crokest Jus tic ad hoc assignat. QUl DlCUNT Sacrm suu qd prima Meta seu Bunde de Foresta de Salseto, Videlicet, de Bosco de Hurnewode incipit apud Hurnewodenoka versus Eston intr. Coo^tum et Campum usq Stolnoks et de Stolnoks usq Arkyleshaveden v’sus Austrum Et de Arkyleshaveden subtus Boscum usq ad viam que se ducit int' Coo^turri et Granam Abbatis Sci Jacobi Northt excludendo dcam Granam et sic ascendendo illam Viam usq ad locum qui vocatur Nok oppe le Schorte, Et del Nok oppe le Schorte usq Brechume v'sus Boream Et de Brechutne infra quodd Fossatum usq Hurnewodenok includend in foresta quoddam Assart um quod vocatur Kynges Rode cujus Bunde hec sunt Videit de Divis vrsus Le Brende & sic illam Divis usq Nonnewode & sic usq Nonnehacclie et de Nonriehacche usq Phelipeswode Dicunt eciara qd Boscus de Chadestone et due Grane de Wystone viuz Schorte Grane et Childerwode qui suut de Feodo de Rammeseye primo afforestati fu'unt RegOm Johem et modo scdm Tenorem Carte dcbent deaforestari Iste sunt Mete seu Bund de Salseto vldz de Hortenehacche usq Hannedyk et sic dcm Hannedyk usq Pickele-hacche et de Pikelehacche quoddam Fossatum int’ Comitat Northton et Bokyngham u$q AVesthale, et de AVesthale dcm Fossatum usq Wytenokdyk et de Wytenokdyk excludciid Feod ComTt Warwyk uiq Olnefiate, Et de Olneliate usq AVaterslade includend assart de Newelond et Bostardesleye usq Leyestrete et sic usq Leyestretesende, Et de Leyestrctesende quoddam Fossatum inti Coo^tum et Campum usq Phelipescros, Et de Phelipcscros excludciid Boscum de Essen usq Kyngeswoyate Et de Kyngeswodeyate Viam que se ducit v'sus Cortenhale excludciid extra f’orestara totum le Bernet juxta Cortenhale et sic descendendo ty* PastCr Bou Grangie Monachor Sci Andree Northton usq ad Capud cujusdam Fossat quod ducit ad Grangiam eordem Monachor Et sic dcm Fossatum usq Burlewell et de Burlewell usq ad Capud F'ossati de Arnho Et sic dcm Fossatum

usq ad aliud Capud ejusdera Fossat vrsus orientem qd vocatur Waterswolcn et de Waterswolen quoddam Fossatum usq Ilalleyate et de Halleyate quoddam Fossatum usq ad Brounecroftes Stil, Et de Broun-croftes Styl dcm I'ossatum usq Meregrene Et de Meregrene medium Calcrofteshurne usq Mereslade Et de Mereslade usq Flexleye Et de Flexleye iuclu-dcnd Assart qd Walt'us de Pydington tenet usq Hortonehacchc.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower of London, having been examined.

Robert,

Chief Clerk.

N# 2.

PERAMBULATION of the Forest of Salcey, in the 15th Year of King Charles the I

Ex Rot N° 1. in Bundtl 2. inter Clamea Forest® de Salcey in Com Northton de Anno Regni Regis Caroli primi 15*.

Foresta Dni Regis! PERAMBULACO fca per de Salcet. / Ricrii Marryott Gen' Robtm W'hitiney Gen' Johem Marryott Thomam Church Thomam Bell W'illm Harrison Johem Evans Johem Butcher Thopnam Hodgkyn Georgiu Battison Georgiu Warner et Robtm Basse Regard a tores Foreste de Salcett pretl de Metis et Bundis ejusdem Foreste Vicesimo primo die Junij Anno Regni Dhi nri Caroli Dei Gra Anglie Scotie Frauncie et Hifonie Regis Fidei Defensor &c. Decimo quinto.

QUI DICUNT' qd Mete et Bunde Foreste de Salcet predict incipiunt ad Pontem meridional de Northton et per Aquam de Nene usq ad Staplebrugge modo coiter vocat Willingboroughe Bridge exinde per viam Comuniter vocat Bedford Way usq Hildes-crosse et exinde usq Nanners-hatch modo colter vocat Nun-woodhatch, et exinde usq Cherleyes Chade modo colter vocat Yardley Chace et sic ad Crugghowsengde modo coiter vocat Cogenhoe-brande, et exinde & Cherries hey et per Duct aque de Glite brooke usq Hadesmore et exihde usq Ripam de Owse, et exinde per cursum aque usq ad Ripam de Towcester et ita usq ad Viliam de Towcester Et de Ponte de Towcester usq ad viam inter Oxon et Northton et per illam viam usq ad Pontem de Northton qui dicitur Pons Meridionalis.

Richard Marriott Robert W'hitiney John Evans W Harrison R. Basse Tho* TB Bell John Marriatt

Thomas Church John Butcher George Battison Tho* H Hodgkin George Warner.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower of London, having been examined.

Robert,

Chief Clerk.

91 Geo. III.

17° Decembris.

107

N*3-

An ACCOUNT of the Coppices, Lodges, lawns, and other Lands within the Forest of in the County of Northampton; extracted from a Survey thereof, made by Order of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, by Richard Davis, 1787.

SALCEY EOREST is situate in the Parishes of HanHartwell, Ashton, and and a Part is extra-parochial. The Whole is comprehended within One Ring Fence, and contains in Length Two Miles and a Half, atod in Breadth Ohe Mile and a Half, and is distant Seven or Eight Miles East of Whiltlcumd Forest The Forest comprizes Three Walks, called Hanslop Walk, Piddington Walk, and Hartwell Walk, to each of which there is a Keeper, appointed by the Ranger; and there is a Fourth Division, called The Deputy Ranger's Walk.

is situate on the South East Side of the Forest, partly in the Parish of Hanslop, and part is extra-parochial. — This Walk contains Nine Coppices, many Plains and Open Ridings, never inclosed, Hanslop Lodge, and Lodge Yard, and the Page Keepers Lodge.

f is situate in the Parish of Piddington, on the North Side of the Forest, and contains -j Eight Coppices, and One Half of Shrubby Coppice, several Plains and Open Ridings I never inclosed, and Piddington Lodge, is situate on the West Side of the Forest, in the Parishes of Hartwell, Ashton, and Piddington, and part is extra-parochial, and contains Six Coppices, and the remainder of Shrubby Coppice, several Plains and Open Ridings never inclosed, a Lodge Yard,

and Hartwell Lodge.

{is situate in the Middle of the Forest, Part in the Parish of Piddington, and Part is extra-parochial. — This Walk contains no Coppices, but only the Ranger’s Lodge, and Inclosures thereto belonging, and Two Lawns.

Seventh Land Revenui Report.

Hanslop Walk

Piddington Walk

Hartwell Walk

The Deputy Rangers Walk

Age of the Uuderwood. Year*. 11. 14-I.

18.

20.

12.

4-

7-

31.

3-

8.

12.

2.

1.

18.

20.

11.

a.

5-

15.

15-?o. 8. 14. 18.

COPPICES,

In Hanslop Walk.

Dean Way Coppice Organ’s Hill Coppice Hanslop Hollows Coppice Rose Coppice Great Straits Coppice Dean’s Coppice Knighton’s Coppice Prentice Coppice Rollis Mear Coppice

In Piddington Walk.

Little Straits Coppice -

Limebed Coppice -Club’s Coppice

Wake’s Coppice -

Madiron’s Coppice -

Crab Tree Thick Coppice

Shrubby Coppice, in part North Side

Hazle Coppice -

Alter bury Coppice -

In Hartwell Walk.

Hartwell Clear Coppice -Quinton Tongue Coppice Stoneway Coppice Shrubby Coppice, South Side Rush Coppice Sandpit Coppice'

Lay Thick Coppice

24.

Total of the Coppices

A. R. p.

36 3 10

66 — 2

- 52 — 11

84 1 35

16 2 3

43 — 3*

58 — 33

64 — 24

- 64 3 29

A. R. P.

16 1 22

- 51 3 31

47 — 12

55 1 28

55 3 2?

- 24 — 33

- 13 3 15

29 1 20

m 43 — 15

A. R. P.

- 73 2 36

- 35 — 23

57 2 —

- 9 2 —

- 24 2 30

5i — 18

46 2 21

A. R. P.

486 1 18

33" — 38

298

1,121 3 24

Vo l. 46.

PLAINS

17° Decembris.

A. 1790.

Seventh

Land Revenue Report.

PLAINS and OPEN RIDINGS, &c*. never inclosed.

In Hanslop Walk.

Part of Salcey Green, Fern Quarter, Little Quarter, and Lawn Quarter, Sour Mear Quarter, . Knighton’s Quarter, Port Way in part, and the Open Ridings -

In Piddington Walk.

Club’s Nook, Hangman’s Quarter, Madiron's Quarter, Hollow Quarter, and the Open Ridings -

In Hartwell Walk.

Hartwell Cigar Stripe, part of PortWav, High Oak Stripe Hollow Quarter, Three Bridge Quarter, Nine Oak Tongue Quarter, Sandpit Stripe, Lay Thick Stripe, and part of Salcey Green

LODG ES and LANDS in the Occupation of the Ranger and Keepers. The Right honbU Frederick Ranger.

The Great Lodge, Stables, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, &c.

The Grass Field, Crop of Grass, and After-Pasture for Cattle in Common with the Deer ——

John Meadows, Keeper of Hanslop Walk.

Hanslop Lodge, Stable, feuildings, Yard, and Garden The Meadow Close -

A. R. P.

2 i 33 30 2 26

A. R. P.

— 35

10 2 3

John Sawbridge, Keeper of Piddington Walk.

Piddington Lodge, Stable, Buildings, Garden, c.

The Great Lodge Yard -

The Little Lodge Yard -

Minton’s Close ——

David Cherry, Keeper of Hartwell Walk.

a. R. P. — 1 13 8 — 19 217 2 — 25

Hartwell Lodge, Buildings, Yard, and Garden The Old Lodge Yard Closes -The Close adjoining Madiron's Coppice

A. R. P.

— 25 7 — 7

1 3 22

Robei't Alsop, Page Keeper.

The Lodge, Buildings, and Garden The Lodge Yard.

The Blind Stripe, next Hanslop Hollows Coppice A Close taken out of Fern Quarter Rose Coppice Stripe -

A. R. P.

----- -20

— 3 15

1 1 8

3 — 4

2 1 36

Acres. R. P. 190 2 21

130 3 34 149 1 22

470 3 37

A. R. P.

33

>9

11

12 3 24

1 34

7 3 3

74 2 8

LAWNS.

There are Four Lawns, where the Common Cattle are at all Times legally excluded by Rails, and only the Deer and Cattle belonging to the Ranger or Keeper admitted at any Time.

In the Deputy Ranger’s Walk.

The Great Lawn -

The Little Lawn - -

The Bowling Green, to the Deer only

In Hanslop Walk. The Lawn or Lodge Yard adjoining Hanslop Lodge -

In Hartwell Walk. The Lawn or Lodge Yard adjoining Hartwell Lodge -

A. R. p. A. R. p.

124 1 18

22 3 24

2 3 24 150 26

- - - 22 3 4

6 3 4

179 2 34

ABSTRACT.

31 Geo. III.

17° Decembris.

109

ABSTRACT:

Acres. K. p.

Twenty-four Coppices 1,121 3 24

Land in Open Plains and Ridings, never inclosed - - - 470 r* O 37

Lodges, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, appropriated to the Use of the Rangers and Keepers - 74 2 8

The Lawns - 179 2 34

Total - 1,847 — 23

OBSERVATIONS. N* 4-

Seventh Land Revenue Report.

----- v ----- '

The Underwood in the Coppices cannot rightfully be cut, except at Twenty-one Years Growth. On the Cutting of the Coppices, the second-best Acre of the Underwood in every Coppice is set apart for the Ranger; and the Two next best Half Acres (One each) to the Two Verderors. The Remainder is the Property of his Grace the Duke of Grafto, by virtue of a Grant from the Crown.

When a Coppice has gone ' to Sale, it is inclosed with a strong Hedge and Ditch, made at the Expence of his Grace the Duke of on such Parts as

are not the Outer Boundary of the Forest. If an Outer Boundary, it is inclosed mostly with Posts and Rails, at the Expence of the Crown. This Hedge is continued Seven Years, in order that the Underwood and Saplings may grow out of the Reach of the Deer arid Cattle. Then there are Creeps made in the Hedges, of a proper Size, to admit the Deer, and exclude the Cattle, for the next Two Years; at which Time the Hedge is entirely taken away, and the Common Cattle are admitted for the remaining Twelve Years. When the Underwood is cut, the Timber is felled for the Use of the Royal Navy, and the dotard and decayed Timber for the Repairs and Ring Mounds, which last are not extensive, most of the Boundary Fence belonging to the adjoining Proprietors. The Coppice is then inclosed again as before, so that the Deer and Commonable Cattle are maintained in the Coppices when open, and on those Plains and Ridings that are never inclosed.

Amongst the Underwood in most of the Coppices are abundantly interspersed Oak and Ash Trees of all Sizes, and but very few Trees of any other Kind. These are reserved to the Crown.

The Soil is well adapted to the Growth of Oaks, which upon the Whole are longer and larger here than in Whittlewood Forest; and the Timber harder and

better for the Service, with this Difference, that as many of the Oaks are lopped when young, it often occasions Defects in the old Knots. There is a greater Quantity of Browse Trees, in Proportion to the Size of the Forest, here than at Whittlewood, which may be One Means of rendering the Succession of Saplings not so numerous, nor the Quantity of Maiden Oaks so great.

There are many Oaks growing on the Lawn, which having been considered as ornamental Timber, are for the most Part become very antient and unserviceable; One Oak in particular, which is now quite hollow, is Seventeen Yards in Circumference.

The present Mode of Land Carriage of the Timber from this Forest is long and expensive, being to the River Lea, at Hartford, near 50 Miles; and takes a Journey of Four Days, Two going and Two returning. The Carriage might be shortened, by conveying the Timber when the Roads are good to Tmccester, about Eight Miles from whence there is a Turnpike Road to Aynhoe Wharf. By this Conveyance the Land Carriage would be only Half the present Distance.

Vox.. 46.

GRANT of the Office of Warden of the Forest of Salcey, to George Montague, Esq', and his Heirs Male.

Tricesirtia quarta Pars Paten de Anno RR Caroli Scdi duodecimo.

9 Con Offic "I REX Omibz ad quos &c. Georg Mountagiie ! SALTM CUM nos Lras & Hered’ Mascul. J nras Paten sub magno Sigillo nro Anglie sigillat gerefi dat apud Westm\ quinto die Julij uitimi p't'it Dedrimus & Concessions dilco & fide! S’vieri nro Robto Phellipps Armigro Officiu Cus-tod Guardian Gubnatbr & Magri sive Capital Forestar' ac Ministri deduct. Ferar Forest nre de Sawsey in Comitatu nro Northton sicut se extendit Met et Bund sive fp'ambulacon inde fact tam infra eundem Comitat Northton qm alibi infra aliu Comitatum cum omnibz Membris & ptineneijs univrsis Ac iprii Rob-tum Phellipps Custod Guardian Gubnator & Magrm sive Capital Forestar ac Magrum deduct Ferar Forest de Sawsey prdict ac omniu.Membror suo? prdict p nob Hered et Successoribz nris fecrims creav'ims Stabulivirris & constituims ty* easdem Lras paten Except tarnen semp & nob Hered & Successoribz nris omlno reservat Officiu Magri Forestar pare & Magri deduct Fen ? on riiU Par-cor in Forest de Sawcey necnon Forest nre de Whittle-wood in Comitatu nro Northton ac omniu & Singular Ferar & Cuniculor in dcis parcis & in Forest de Sawcey & in diet Forest de Whittlewood Hend Tenend Gau-dend & Ex'cend p'dict Offic et cet'a prmiss concess (except p'except) p'fat Robto Phelipps & Assignat suis se vel ty1 sufficien Deputat suu sive Dtjputat suos suffi-

cien ad T'minu & g T'mino vite nralis ipius Robti Phelipps unacum omnibz & singulis pflcuis Comodita-tibz Juribz Libtatibz Privileg P'hemenenc & Emolument quibuscunq p'dict officio quoquomodo spectaii vel ^tinenadeo plene libe & integre ac in tam amplis modo & forma gut Georgius nug Conies Cumbr Robtus nug Comes Essex, Xpoferus Hatton Miles Ambrosius nug Comes Warwic Robtus nup Comes Lecestr Willu3 nug Marchio Northton Johes nug Dnus Williams Lodovicus Dux Lenox Georg nug Dux Buck aut Edrus Comes Dorsett aut eor aliquis vel aliqui alij Offic p'dict ante tunc hens seu ex~cens hentes seu ex"centes uriqm huit ^*'cepit seu Gavisus suit huerunt <^'cegunt vel gavisi fu'unt seu here pcige vel gaudere debuit aut debu'unt Et g eo qd ^'dict Robtus Phelipps annuatim on'et cum vad & Feod unius Officiar vocat a Leivetenant & quatuor ai Forestar vocat Yeomen Keepers & unius S'vien vocal a Page p Ex'cicio & occupacon sepat Officio? suor in forest de Sawsey Dedim* & ConcessTm* easdem Lras paten eidem Robto Phelipps vad & food qua-draginta Libra? legal Monet Anglie fy* Aniju Hend Tenend gaudend & ^cipiend p'dict vad & feod Qua-draginta Libras p'fat Robto Phelipps ad T'minu & g T'mino vit nralis p'fat Robt Phelipps tam manus suas gprias & in Manibz suis <^priis retinend qm manus Receptor de ^'miss: de exit Reddit & Re-vericon eordem vel de Thesauro nro Hered & Succes-

F f so?

110 17° Decembris. A. 1790.

Seventh sof nror de Sccio nro apud Westm' de tempore in l&lReport.nUe temPus pvenien & renovan manus Thesaurar vel

---- ----- ----- ----> Comissionar p Thesauro nro & Cam'ar nri ac Hered

& Successor nro ibm p tempore existed ad festa Sci Michis Archl & Annunciacois Bte Marie Virginis ty* equal porcoes annuatim Sol vend ET ULTrius Con-cess'imus easdem Lras Paten p'fat Robto Phelipps qd idem Robtus & Assignat sui duran vita sua nrali de tempore in tompus hcbit sup Compm suu de & ex <^rmit>s in manibz suis retent & retinend plenam & debit allocacoem p Feno & pisis infra Forest p'dict de Sawsey Sustentacoe Ferar nrar in eisdem existed & im-postTum futur tempore hiemal expendend ET ULT'ius easdem Eras paten Ded'irh* & Concess'im* p'fat Robto Phelipps Licenciam & plenam potestatem & Authoritat , assignand noiand & constituend de tempore in tempus ad

libitum suu duran vita sua nrali omnes & singulos sub forestar sub custod Garsion & also? sub-ministor nror quoFcunq infra p'dict Forest ac hrnoi sub-forestar sub-custod & subministr ad Beneplitum p'fat Robti Phelipps de tempore in tempus expellend & amovend & al de novo constituend & imponend toties quoties eidem Robto Phelipps expediens fore videbih put easdem Lras paten plenius liquet & apparet Qui quidem Robtus Phelipps adhuc supstes est & in plena vka ex-istit SCIATIS modo qd nos div'sis bonis causis & consideracoibz nos ad p'sens spialit' moyen de Gra nra Spiali ac ex c'ta Seiencia & mero motu nris Dedim*. & Concessim*. ac fy* p'sentes p nob hered & Successoribz nris dam*. & Concedira*. dilco nro Georgio Montague de Horton in Comitatu nro Northton Ar-migr’o & Hered masculis de Corpore suo exeun prdict Omc Custod Guardian Gubnator & Magri sive Capital Forestar ac Ministf deduct Ferar Forest nre de Sawsey in diet Comitatu nro Northton sicut se extendit ty* metas & Bund sive ^ambulacon inde fact tam infra eundem Comitatum nrm Northton qm alibi infra al Comitat cum omnibz membris & ^tinenc univ~sis ac ifm Georgiu Mountagu & Hered masculos de Corpore suo exeun Custod Guardian Gubnator & Ma-grum sive Capital Forestar ac MagFm deduct Ferar forest p'dict de Sawsey prdict ac omniu membror suor prdict p nob hered & Successoribz nris facim*. cream*. Stabilim*. & constituim*. fy* ^rsentes Except tamen & nob hered & Successoribz nris omino reservat Officiu magri Forestar pare & Magri deduct Ferar omniu par cor in Forest de Sausey p'dict Necnon Forest nre de Whittlewood in dco Comitatu nFo North-"on ac oiu & Singul Ferar & Cuniculor in dcis parcis in forest de Sawsey & ih diet Forest de Whittlewood HENd TENENd GAUDENd & EX'cend prdict Offic & cetra ^*'miss concess (except ^except) p'fat Georg Montagu & Hered Masculis de Corpore suo itime pcFeat tam seipos qm sufficien Deputat suu sive Deputat suos sufficien respeive imediate & qrri cito Officiu p'dcm & cetra pFmissa (except except) ty* mortem sursum reddicoem vel Forisfcur seu al De-t'minacon Status & Intresse p'fat Robti Phelipps aut also quocunq modo vacare contig'lt unacum omnibz & Singulis pficuis Comoditatibz Juribz Libtatibz pri-vileg p'heminenc & emolument quibuscunq Officio p'dict quoquomodo- Spectan vel ^tinen adeo plene libe & integre ac in tam amplis modo & forma put p'dict Georgius nup Comes Cumbr Robtus nup Comes Essex, Xpoferus Hatton Miles Ambrosius nup Comes Warwic, Robtus nup Comes Lecestr, "Willus nup Marchio Northton, Jobes nup Dnus Williams, Lodo-vicus Dux Lenox Georgius Dux Buctc, Edrus Comes Dorset! aut p'fat Robtus Phelipps aut eor aliquis vel aliqui aut aliquis alius sive aliqui alij Offic p'dict ante hac hens seu ex'cens hentes seu ex'centes unqm huit ^cepit seu gavisus suit aut hu'unt ^cepunt seu gavis furunt seu here <^'cipe vel gaudere debuit aut de-be'unt ET p eo qd P'dict Georg Mountague & Hered Mascul de Corpore suo p'ereat annuatim on'ent' cum vad et feod unius officiar vocat a Lievetenant & qua-tuor al Forestar vocat Yeoman Keepers & unius S'vien

vocat a Page p Ex'cicio & Occupacoe sep'ai OfficioF in p'dict Forest de Sawsey Dedim*. & Concessim*. ac ijp^'sentes p nob Hered & Successoribz nris Dam’ & Concedim*. eidem Georgio Montague & Hered suis Masculis p'dict Vad & Feod Quadraginta LibraF lega-lis monet Anglie Annu HENd TENENd Gau-dend & f^cipiend p'dict Vad & Feod Quadraginta LibraF p'fat Georgio Montague & Hered Masculis de Corpore suo Itime ^creat imediate & qmcito Officiu p'dict vigore har Lrar nrar Paten in Possessionem p'dict Georgii Montague seu Hered Masculor suoF p'dict accid'it tam manus suas pprias & in Manibz suis pprijs respeive retinend qm fy* manus Receptor de p'miss de Exitibz Redditibz & Revencon eordem vel de Thesauro nro Hered vel SuccessoF nror de Sccio nFo apud Westm de tempore in tempus ^venitn & renovan ty* manus Thesaurar vel Comissionar The-sauro nro & Cam’ar nri ac Hered & SuccessoF nror ibm Tempore existen ad festa Sci Michis Archi & Annunciacois Bte Marie Virginis equal Porcois annuatim Solvend prima Solucoe inde incipiend ad illud festum Festor p'dict quod primo & pjfiroe even'it postqm Officiu p'dict in possessionem p'dict Georgii Mountague vel Hered MasculoF suor p'dict vigore p'senciu accid'it ET U LT'ius ty* <^sentes p nob hered & Successoribz nris concedim*. p'fat Georg Mountague & Hered suis masculis p'dict qd ipe idem Georg Mountague & Hered Mascul de Corpore suo Itime pereat imediate & qmcito Officio p'dict & cet'a p'missa in possessionem suam seu in possessionem cu-jusit eor vigore p'senciu accid'it de tempore in tempus annuatim hebunt & eoF quilt respeive hebit sup Compm suu de & ex p'missis in Manibz suis retinend plenam & debit Allocacoem p Feno & pisis infra Forest p'dict de Sawcey p Sustentacoe Ferar nrar Hered & Successor nror in eisdem existen & impost'um futur tempore hiemali expendend ET ULT'ius de ubiori Gra nra ac ex certa Seiencia & mero motu nFis Dam*. & Concedim*. p'fat Georg Montague & Hered Mascul de Corpore suo respeive exeun imediate & qmcito Officiu p'dict & cet'a p'missa in possessiones suas respeive ut p’fert' accid'it Licenciam & plenam potestatem & Authoritatem assignand noiand & constituend de tempore in tempus ad libitum suu omnes & singulos Sub forestar sub custod Garcion & al subministor quoF cunq infra p'dict Forest Ac hmoi sub ForestaF subcustod & Subministr ad Beneplitum suu de tempore in tempus expellend & amovend & al de novo constituend & imponend toties quocies expediens fore videbit' EO qd expressa menco &c. IN CUJUS REI &c. TESTE REGE apud Westm'. vicesimo octavo

Die Augusti. ___

IPM REGEM.

This is a true Copy from the original Record remaining in the Chapel of the Rolls, having been examined.

John,

Clerk of the Records.

N* 5.

The Answer of the Right honourable Frederick Montagu, Ranger or Warden of the Forest of Salcey, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated December the 7th,

1789.

The Office which I hold in Salcey Forest is that of Ranger or Warden, which is hereditary. I hold it by virtue of a Grant from King Charles the IP to my Great Grandfather George , of Hot'ton, in

Northamptonshire, and his Heirs Male. I am. the last of the Heirs Male of the Family. I receive a Salary of Forty Pounds per Annum from the Exchequer, ana about Eighty Pounds, on an Average, every Year from the Sale of Browse Wood. I have a convenient

Lodge,

31 Geo. III.

17° Decemb.

Lodge, but out of Repair, good Stables, Two small Gardens, and an Inclosure of about Two hundred Acres round my Lodge, Thirty Acres of which is fenced in for Hay. I appoint a Deputy Ranger, Three Keepers, and One Under Keeper. I pay Twenty Pounds per Annum to the Deputy Ranger. The Payments I make to the Keepers and Under Keeper, taken together, amount to about Sixty Pounds per Annum. I receive no Annual Rents, or other Sums of Money, for the Use of the Crown. I make no Disbursements but the Sums I pay to the Deputy Ranger and Keepers. I have some Fuel for the Use of my Lodge from the Forest, but to no considerable Value. There are about One thousand Two hundred Rucks and Does in the Forest: I kill Annually, on an Average, about Ninety. I supply the King’s Larder Warrants, the Cofferer's Warrants, those of the Verderors, and the Chief Justice in Eyre, and Compensations to the neighbouring Landholders, on Account of the Damage done by the Deer. The rest I have for my Use, and that of my Friends. No Com or Hay are purchased for the Deer. No Intrusions or Encroachments, Spoil or Waste of Timber, or any Abuses injurious to the Rights of the Crown in this Forest, have come to my Knowledge. The Forest of Salcey supplies the King with Venison, the Navy with Timber, and the adjacent Villages with Fuel, under proper Restrictions. It is not in my Power to suggest any more particular Improvements.

Fred. Montagu.

N° 6.

To the R* honbl* Sidney Earle of Ld

High Trear of England,

May it please your Lordship,

In Obedience to your Lordship’s Reference on the Petition of George Montague, Esq; I have perused the

111

Grant mentioned in the said Petition, and thereby it Seventh appears that the Office of Warden, Governor, and Land Revenue Cheif Forester of Saxvsey Forest in Northamptonsh. was Report.

the 28th of Aug' A0 12* Car.' IP* granted to the Pet'* ' ’

G randfather, George Mountague, of , in the County of Northton. Esq; and the Heires Male of his Body (in Reversion of a Grant of the Premises then lately made to Robert Philips, Esq; for his Life); and because the Warden is in this Grant charged with the Wages and Fees to a Lieutenant, Four Yeoman Keepers, and One Page Keeper, therefore he hath a Fee of Forty Pounds per Ann. allowed him to be detayned in his owne Hands, or paid by the Recr out of the Profits of the said Forest, or else out of the Exchequer, by the Lord High Trear or Lords Com'* of the Treary for the Time being.

This Forest, together with that of Whittlewood adjacent, having been settled on the Queen Dowager for her Life, I searched with her Officers, and found the Forty Pounds above-mentioned was Annually paid out of a Rent of Two hundred Pounds a Year, reserved on a Lease of the Woods, and Copices in the said Forests; but those Woods and Copices being granted away to his Grace the Duke of Grafton, and having advised with the Surveyor of the Woods, who hath wrote to his DepT on the Spott, and not finding (tho’ there is an Exception of Timber in the said Duke’s Grant) any certain Profits arising Annually to her Matie in this Forest, whereout the Pet1 may be paid his Salary, since Queen Dowager’s Death, (a Year at Michas last, as ’tis alleaged) and as it growes due for the future, 1 am humbly of Opinion the Pet* may reasonably be paid the same out of the Exchequer.

All which is humbly submitted

to your Lordship’s great Wisdom.

S. Tracers, Supervisor Gen1.

20th March 1704.

N* 7.

ABSTRACT of the EXAMINATIONS of

/ ——

John Meadows, -Daoid Cherry,

John Sawbridge, -

and

Robert Alsop,

Keeper of

N

Hanslop Walk. Hartwell Walk.

..Piddington Walk.

Page Keeper of Salcey Forest.

Vol. 46.

The

i *

4

N° 7. — ABSTRACT of the EXAMINATIONS.

The Examination of Meadoxcs, Keeper of Hanslop Walk, in Salcey Forest. Sworn 16th of October 1790. The Examination of David , Keeper of Hartwell Walk, in Salcey Forest. Sworn t6th of October 1790. The Examination of John Sazcbridge, Keeper of JPiddington Walk, in Salcey Forest. Sworn the 16th of October 1790. \ The Examination of Robert , Page Keeper of Salcey Forest Sworn the 16th of October 1790.

Appointment. That he was appointed Keeper of Hanslop Walk, in Salcey Forest, by the Ranger or Warden of the said Forest, during his Pleasure. That he was appointed Keeper of Hartwell Walk, in Salcey Forest, by the Ranger or Warden of the said Forest, during his Pleasure. That he was appointed Keeper of Piddington Walk, in Salcey Forest, by the Ranger or Warden of the said Forest, during his Pleasure. That he was appointed Page Keeper of Salcey Forest, by the Ranger or Warden of the said Forest, during his Pleasure.

Duty. That the Duty of his Office is to take Care of His Majesty’s Deer, and to prevent any Trespass being committed in the said Walk, or in the Forest, and in the proper Seasons to kill Venison for the Use of His Majesty, and others who have a Right to issue Warrants for that Purpose. The like Duty. The like Duty. That his Duty is to hunt the Hounds, to bring Home the Outlying Deer, and occasionally to assist the Keepers of the respective Walks of the said Forest.

Salary. That he receives a Salary of £. 2.13. 4, and £. 6 Annually for cutting Browse for the Deer, which are paid to him by the Ranger or Warden. The like Salary and Allowance. The like Salary and Allowance. That he receives a Salary of 1. 13. 4 per Annum, and the several Annual Allowances following (viz1) £.6 for the Cutting of Browse Wood for the Deer, £. 7 for Sheep Walks (being an antient customary Payment to the Page Keeper, but why so called he knows not, no Sheep being allowed to be kept in the Forest) and ~£. 3 for Cow Commons, which he understands to be in lieu of the Benefit of keeping Milch Cows on the Lawn; which Salary and Allowances are paid by the Ranger or Warden of the said Forest.

lees on Deer. That the Fe^s received by him for Buck and Doe Venison, with the Profit of the Skins and Shoulders, and the Allowance of a Brace of Fee Bucks and a Brace of Fee Does, with other casual Fees, amount Annually to about £. 50 on an Average. The like Fees, and Amount. The like Fees, and Amount That the Fees received by him for Buck and Doe Venison, with the Allowance of One Fee Buck and One Fee Doe Yearly, with casual Fees, amount Annually to £. 20, or thereabouts.

fcO

17° Decembris. A. 1790.

Vol. 46.

Lodge an<i Land, ? r P> Tlmt the Lodge and Lands occupied by him as Keeper, and belonging to the Crown, are of the Annual Value of £30.

Allowance of Fuel. ✓ That he has an Allowance of Fuel from the Browse cut for the Deer, sufficient for his Use, of the Value of about £.to Annually.

Repairs. That when any Repairs are necessary to be done in the Forest, they are done by the Surveyor General of the Woods, or his Deputy.

Number of Deer. That there are about 1,000 Head of Deer, or upwards, kept upon the Forest — That the Number killed Annually is about a 8 Brace of Bucks, and about 34 Brace of Does, of which 2 Brace of Bucks and 2 Brace of Does are for His Majesty’s Larder, 3 Brace -of Bucks and 3 Brace of Does for the Cofferer’s Office, more or less, as the Forest is able to supply. For each of the Verderors 1 Buck and 1 Doe. For the Chief Justice in Eyre 1 Buck and 1 Dose. For the Secretary in Eyre 1 Buck and 1 Doe. For the Surveyor General of

Q ere the Woods 1 Buck and 1 Doe. For the Judge 1 Buck. For the Deputy Ranger 6 Bucks and 6 Does. For the Deputy Ranger’s Servant 1 Buck and 1 Doe. For each of the Keepers of the Forest 2 Bucks and 2 Does. For Gentlemen in the Neighbourhood of the Forest, who take Composition for their Purlieus, about 16 f Bucks and 8 Does Annually; and the Residue to the Use of the Ranger.

The like, and of the same Value,

The like Allowance, and Value.

The like*

The like,

: The like, and of the same Value, That the Lodge and Land which he occupies by virtue of his Office, and belonging to the Crown, are of the Annual Value of £. 10, or thereabouts.

The like Allowance, and Value. The like allowance, and Value. 1 X 1

The like. it

That he cannot set forth the Number of Deer in the Forest, but refers to the Answers of the respective Keepers.

The like.

f , t

09

31 Geo. III. IT

N* 7 — ABSTRACT of EXAMINATION S — continued.

/ " - 1 John Meadows. David Cherry. John Sawbridge. V Robert Alsop.

Encroachments. That no Intrusions or Encroachments have been made on the Rights of the Crown in the said Forest to his Knowledge. The like. The like. \ 1

Parishes having Right of Common. That the Parishes of in Bucks, and of Hartwell, Ashton, Quinton, Piddington, and iB Northamptonshire, have a Right of Common on the said Forest for as many Cattle as they can Winter upon their Farms within the said Parishes. The like. The like.

Cattle admitted. That the Cattle admitted to depasture in the Forest are Horse and Cow Kinds, and no other, which are admitted into the Forest on Old May Day, and taken out on the 2 2d Day of November Annually. The like. The like.

That the Forest is cleared of Draft Horses and Milched Cows, during the Fence Month, but the other Cattle remain in the Forest during that Time. The like. The like. , %

-G,) Cattle trespassing. 0 °£L That when any Cattle belonging to Persons not having Right of Common in the Forest are found trespassing the re, the Owners are fined 6 s. 8 d. per Head for such Cattle, and compelled to take them immediately out of the- Forest; which Money is received' by the Keepers or their own Use. The like. The like. That the Method taken to prevent the Forest being surcharged by Commoners, or the Admission of Cattle of Strangers, is to oblige the Owners of such Cattle to pay 6 s. 8 d. per Head, and compel them to take them imme--diately out of the Forest: The Money so collected is received by the Keepers for their own Use.

I...

114 17 Decembris. . 1790.

SI Geo. III.

17° Decembris.

115

N* 8.

Hie Answer of William Esquire, Deputy

to the Ranger or Warden of the Forest of Salcey, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated October the 9th, 1790.

mentioned, and One Buck and One Doe Annually. Seventh I occupy no Messuage or Lands belonging to the Landitevenu* Crown, receive no Rents, nor make any Disburse- lteport. ments, by virtue of my Office. I know of no Spoil,

Waste, or Destruction of the Wood or Timber, or of any Abuses in the said Forest injurious to the Rights of the Crown. The Parishes of Iianslop, in hamshire, and of Hartwell, Ashton, Quinton,

and Hackleton, in Northamptonshire, have Right of

The said William Smith saith, That he was appointed Deputy Ranger or Deputy Warden of the Forest Common within the Forest, and the Commoners have of Salcey, by the Ranger or Warden of the said Forest, a Right to keep as many Commonable Cattle upon during his Pleasure; that the Duty of his Office is to the Forest in Summer, as they keep in Winter on their receive the Orders of the Ranger or Warden, to see Farms, to which the Right of Common belongs. I

that the Keepers do their Duty, and that no Encroachments are committed on the Forest; that he receives a Salary of Twenty Pounds per Annum, which is paid to him by the Ranger or Warden; and his Fees or Emoluments are. Six Fee Bucks and Six Fee Does Yearly: All Chance Deer killed, that are not warrantable: A Proportion of the Fees for Venison killed there, which are divided as follows, viz. In

do not know of any Right of Pannage in the Forest, The only Cattle that are admitted to depasture there are Horses, Cows, and Oxen; all other Kinds are excluded. The Cattle are admitted into the Forest on the 1 lth of May (Old May Day) and taken out the 2 2d of November (Old Martinmas Day). The Forest is cleared of Cattle during the Fence Month, and during the Winter Haining, Yearly. When the Forest

every Guinea Ten Shillings is equally divided be- is surcharged by Commoners, or the Cattle of Strangers tween the Deputy and the Three Keepers; and the get admitted (either of which rarely happen) the tres

remaining Eleven Shillings is equally divided between the Deputy, the Three Keepers, and the Page: An equal Part of the Skins of the Deer killed, with Three additional Skins in each Season: The Umbels and Trimmings of all Deer killed (except the Keepers Fee Deer): One Shilling in the Pound for all Browse Wood; the same for the Acre of Coppice Wood belonging to the Ranger or Warden, on the Cutting of each Coppice: All Windfalls and dead Wood on the Lawn, and Keeping of Cattle upon the Lawn; — which Fees and Emoluments amount to about Eighty Pounds per Annum. That when he is in the Forest he resides at the Great Lodge belonging to the Warden or Ranger; for the Use of which Lodge there is

passing Cattle are impounded in the Forest Pounds, and the Keepers take for their own Use, as a Perquisite, 6s. 8 d. per Head for the Cattle so impounded.

William Hanbury.

N* 10.

Extract of a Letter from the Right honourable

Frederick Montagu to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated November 15, 1789.

I am certain that no Court of Attachment or Swani-mote has been held since I was Ranger; and I doubt whether such Courts have been ever held since the

Fred. Montagu.

N* 1 r.

allowed Fuel of the Value of about Thirty Pounds perRangership has been in my Family, which is about 120 Year. That the Timber and Wood for the Repairs Years. The original Grant was to my Great Grand-of the Lodges, and Mounds or Fences, is cut by father George Montagu, of Horton, youngest Son of the virtue of Warrants from the Lords of the Treasury, Earl of Manchester. directed to the Surveyor General or his Deputy. That he does not know of any Abuses committed in the Forest; and he believes that the Timber and Wood are taken particular Care of That Six Parishes or Townships have Right of Common upon the Forest without Stint; namely, Piddington, Hackleton, Hanslop,

Hartwell', Quinton, and Ashton. That the Cattle admitted to depasture in the Forest are Horse and Cow Kinds, but no Sheep or S.vine. That the Time 'of the Cattle remaining in the Forest is from May Day Office of Woodward by virtue of His Majesty’s Let to Martinmas Yearly; but they are in general taken ters Patent (by which he is also appointed Woodward out of the Forest during the Fence Month, and Fence of Rockingham Forest) during His Majesty’s Pleasure. Men always appointed for that Time. That he does That the Business of the said Office is to attend with not know of any Payments being made for Herbage, the Surveyor General of the Woods, or his Deputy, or that any Cattle of Strangers are admitted into the when any Timber is to be cutjfor the Navy, or for

The Answer of Thomas Smith, Esquire, Woodward of the Forest of Salcey, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated November the 12th, 1789.

The said Thomas Smith saith, That he holds the

Forest.

W. Smith,

Deputy Ranger.

Sale, in order to mark proper Trees for those Purposes. That he receives at the Exchequer by Debenture a Yearly Fee or Salary of £. 5, paying 7 s. Yearly for Office Fees. That he also receives a Yearly Allowance of £. 15, paid by the said Surveyor General or his Deputy, deducting 15 s. for Poundage, which Sum of £.15 is mentioned to be allowed in lieu of a Fee of 12 in the Pound, formerly received by the Woodward from the Buyers of Wood or Timber sold within the said Forest. And he receives My Office in Salcey Forest is that of Verderor, which likewise a I'ec of per Tree for all Trees marked is a Judicial One, to take Care of the Vert and for Sale, or felled for the Navy, which is paid by the Venison, and to enquire and judge of several Offences Purchasers of the Trees and Offal Wood sold. That in the Forest. — I was elected to that Office by the he cannot set forth the exact Yearly Amount of those Freeholders of the County. The Appointment is Fees, as the Number of the drees cut is fluctuating; for Life. I have no Annual Salary, but my Yearly (for Instance, in the Year 1788 the Fees of per Allowance is the Underwood of Half an Acre of Land Tree amounted to £.8.18.4, and in 1789 to no

N* 9.

The Answer of William Hanbury, Esquire, One of the Verderors of the Forest of Salcey, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated December the 12th, 1789.

in every Coppice which goes to Sale, which is of the Yearly Value of £. 3, upon an Average. — I have no Fees or Emoluments, except the Underwood above V01. 46.

more than £. 1. 3.) but he believes the Average Amount thereof to have been about Five Guineas Yearly since he has held the said Office. That he

does

Seventh hand Revenue Report.

'----

does not occupy any House or Land belonging to the Crown, or receive any Rents or make any Disbursements by virtue of the said Office. That no Person is allowed to cut any Timber in the said Forest for Repairs without a Warrant from the Treasury; and that when any su6h Warrant is issued the Business is performed by the Surveyor or his Deputy. That the Fuel Wood cut in the Forest is under the Direction of the Ranger, and the Keepers are allowed what the Ranger allots for their Fuel, consisting of Ash Browse and the Loppings of Thorn Bushes, in the open Quarters of the Forest, but of what Value the Woodward cannot set foi’th. That the Poor of the Forest Towns are allowed to come Two Days in a Week to pick up the rotten Sticks, which they claim a Right to do (by the antient Custom of the Forest. That he does not know of any Spoil or Waste of the Wood or Timber, or any Abuses injurious to the Rights of the Crown in the Forest. That the Parishes of Ashton,

Hartwell, Piddington, and Hackleton, have a Right of Common; and the Custom of the Stint is for the Number of the Horses arid Cows which are kept in the said Parishes during the Winter Season. No Swine are admitted, nor any other than Horses and Horned Cattle, and those are put in on the 12th Day of May, and taken out on the 2 2d Day of November Yearly. That it is said that the Ranger has a Power to clear the Forest of Cattle during the Fence Month, but that this is seldom done except as to Draft Horses and Milking Cows (if any). That the Ranger orders a Man from each of the Parishes which have Right of Common to watch and attend the Fawns during the Fence Month, which Men are paid by the respective Parishes. That the Forest is cleared during the Winter Haining. That Cattle found in the Forest, not belonging to Persons living in the Parishes that have Right of Common, are pounded, and the Owners thereof pay a Fine of 6 s. Sd. to the Keepers, but that this very seldom happens.

Thomas Smith.

N* 12.

Tl»e Examination of Reuben Capes, Deputy to the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests, for the Forests of Whittl and Salcey; taken on Oath, the 10th Day of December 1790.

This Examinant was appointed Deputy or Agent to the Surveyor General for the Forests of Whittlewood and Salcey, by John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor General, about Twenty Years ago, on the Death of his Father, who was Deputy Surveyor for several Years before. He had no written Deputation or Appointment, only a verbal Direction from Mr. Pitt to execute the Business as his Father had done. He was not sworn into the said Office at that Time or since. His Salary as Deputy Surveyor is Twenty-five Pounds a Year without Deduction, which is retained by him out of Monies coming to his Hands on Account of Wood Sales. He received no Perquisite whatever besides that Salary before the Year 1784; but Mr. Pitt having, in the Year 1783, promised to allow him an additional Salary, and not coming to a Settlement with him, he took a Poundage of One Shilling in the Pound, on the Price of the Lop, Top, and Offal Wood, of the Timber felled for Naval Purposes only, in both the said Forests, from 1784 to 1787, both inclusive, which Poundage amounted, on an Average of those Four Years, to Eighteen Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence per Annum, or thereabouts. In the Years 1788 and 1789 he took no Poundage whatever, being told by the present Surveyor General that an Increase of Salary would be allowed to him; but not receiving any such Allowance, he took the like Poundage again, last Spring, on the Sale of the Offal Wood of the Navy Timber, and no other. The Poundage that Year amounted to near Thirty Pounds, as well as he can

state from Memory. He had hot any Direction from the Surveyor General to take such Poundage on either of those Occasions.

His Business as Deputy Surveyor is to pay the Keepers and other Officers of Whittlewood Forest their Usual Salaries and Allowances, specified in the Account hereto annexed, amounting to Two hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Six Shillings per Annum; and to perform any Repairs or other Works to be done in the Forest at the Charge of the Crown; to fell and make Sale of Wood and Timber for those Purposes; and to fell Timber for the Use of the Navy, and sell the Offal Wood and Bark thereof.

A Fall of Timber is made every Year in Forest for paying the Salaries, under a Warrant issued, as he believes, about the Beginning of His Majesty’s Reign. The Trees to be felled for that Purpose, as well as those felled by Warrant for defraying the Expence of Repairs, and for, the Use of the Navy, in both Forests, are selected and marked by the Deputy Surveyor in the Presence of the Woodwards of the respective Forests, or some Person appointed by them to attend with their Hammers, and of the Keepers of the respective Walks. No Trees are felled without being previously marked with the Woodward’s Hammer.

For several Years before the Death of the late Surveyor General, Two Justices of the Peace attended on the marking of the Trees for the Navy, that being required by the Treasury Warrants; which Warrants, or Copies of them, were then usually sent to the Deputy Surveyor; but since that Time no Justices have attended, the Warrants not being sent to the Deputy, and no Orders given to him to desire their Attendance; and no Justice of Peace ever attended on the marking of the Trees to be sold.

The Navy Purveyor (who resides at about a Quarter of a Mile from Whittlewood Forest) attends on the marking of the Navy Timber, when Notice is given to him for (hat Purpose. He was not present at the marking of any of the Timber last Year, not being sent to by this Examinant, who had no Directions to send to him. His Orders from the Surveyor General were to make a Return of the Trees which he thought proper to be felled in the Coppices which came in course of cutting that Season, in Two Classes, one to contain such Trees as he thought fit for the Service of the Navy, and the other the Trees unfit for that Use; which was accordingly.done by him, assisted by his Son Arthur Capes, and one John a Timber Valuer, employed by him. He afterwards received Orders from the Surveyor General to fell the Trees comprized in those Returns; and when they were felled, and such as be and his Assistants had returned as fit for Naval Use were set out, Notice was given to the Navy Purveyor to attend to examine the same, and to accept or refuse them as he should think fit. The rest of the Timber felled that Season was sold as usual. The Purveyor was not desired to view it, and no Part of it was offered to his Choice for the Use of the Navy.

As soon as the Navy Timber is felled and stripped, the Purveyor views the same, and when he has made Choice of such as he thinks proper for the Navy, he marks the Places where the Tops and Offal Wood not fit for the Service are to be cut off, which is done by Persons employed by the Deputy Surveyor. The Timber so chosen is next hewed or squared, and i9 then measured with Callipers by the Purveyor, and Deputy Surveyor, each taking an Account of the Quantity thereof in Square Measure, which is certified by she Purveyor to the Navy Board, and by this Examinant to the Surveyor General; to whom he has heard the Price of One Pound and Eighteen Shillings per Load is paid by the Navy Board according to Such Admeasurement; and that Quantity is then delivered into the Charge of the Purveyor, under whose Direction (in order to save Expence in the Carriage) it is sawed and converted into proper Forms for Naval Use

within

31 Geo. III.

17° Decem.

1J7

within the said Forest, or very near thereto, and sent General, besides the said Poundage on the Bills for to the Dock Yard. And the Slabs, and other Parts Works done in the Forest, are a like Poundage on the not lit for that Use, are sold by him in the Country. Salaries of all the Forest Officers, except those of The Tops, Offal Wood, and Bark, are sold by the the Page Keepers, on which it was also formerly taken. Deputy Surveyor, and accounted for to the Surveyor but was remitted by the Two last Surveyors General, General. All the Trees cut in the said Forests, whe- in Consideration of the Smallness of their Salaries, ther for the Navy, or otherwise, arc felled under the and has not been taken since. Such old Materials of Orders of this Examinant, and paid for by him; the Buildings and Fences as cannot be worked up again, are Expence of felling is from Eight Pence to Sixteen Pence sold for Firewood, and accounted for to the Surveyor per Tree, for Navy Timber and other large Trees, and General: They are of very small Value. No Poundage about One Shilling in the Pound on the Value for is taken on Wood Sales of any Kind for the Surveyor

General.

The Underwood in the Coppices is cut at Twenty-one Years Growth; they are then inclosed with a high Hedge on a Bank at the Expence of the Duke of

smaller Trees. The Stools or Roots of the Navy Trees (which being cut with a Saw close to or within the Ground, are found very rarely to shoot again so as to produce either Underwood or young Trees) are grubbed by the Keepers, and sold, he does not know , and remain inclosed for Nine Years from

by what Authority, or what may be the Value thereof Deer and Cattle. The Hedge is then taken up, and to other Keepers, nor what may be the Value of such either sold or used as Fuel by the Keepers, to whom it as he takes as Keeper of Shrob Walk, reckoning by is allowed as a Perquisite by the Duke of Grafton, the the Year, never having taken up any till this present Proprietor of the Underwood. In /Forest Year, but his Agreement for taking them up is to give each Keeper has the Management and Sale of the One Half of the Value to the Labourers, who raise the Underwood in his particular Walk for the Duke of Root and smooth the Ground; and he believes the same , accounting for the Produce to his Steward,

is paid by others, and the whole Value of each Root, In Salcey Forest the Underwood is managed and sold when grubbed, he believes, may be from One Shilling by Mr. John Keeper of Walk,

to Five or Six Shillings. in Whittlewood Forest. When a Copse goes to Sale it

The Sales of Timber and Bark in these Forests is divided into Cuts of Two Poles wide and Ten during the Time of the late Surveyor General were Poles long each, which Cuts are numbered and valued cried in the Market Towns nearest to the Forest, about by the Agents of the Duke of Grafton, and sold to the

Fourteen Days before the Sales. And the Timber and Bark being previously valued by the Deputy Surveyor and other Valuers, the Timber was divided into Lots and sold, by private Contract from One Shilling and Two Pence, and One Shilling per Foot Girt Measure, down to Eight Pence and Six Pence per Foot and the Bark was sold sometimes by the Tree, and sometimes by a Pound Rate on the Value of the Timber, from Two Shillings and Nine Pence

neighbouring People at various Prices, according to the Goodness of the Underwood. Public Notice is given at the Sales that no Saplings or Single Oak Plants are to be cut by the Buyers of the Underwood, on Pain of such Punishment as the Law directs. The Single Oak Plants are not marked, but where there are none such this Examinant marks the most thriving Shoots from the Stools of Oak and Ash Trees to stand for Timber, which are found by Expe-

to about Four Shillings and Nine Pence in the Potind, rience to produce very good sound Timber, except

both according to their Age and Quality, to any Person willing to give the Prices at which they were valued. Since the Death of the late Surveyor General, the Sales have been made by public Auction, advertised at least a Fortnight, but generally Three Weeks, before the Time of Sale; the Timber and Bark being previously valued in Lots as before. This Examinant, or his Son, . have usually acted as the Auctioneers on such Sales, though not sworn or licensed as Auctioneers. The

sometimes a small Defect at the But, of no Detriment to the Timber when cut of Some Parts of the Underwood are worth Eight Pounds an Acre and upwards, some not more than Three Pounds, but the Average Value he believes to be about Five Pounds an Acre. The Underwood in Shrobb Walk, which is constantly inclosed, not being subject to any Right of Common, and from which the Deer have been removed about Sixteen Years, is of thicker Plant in general than in

Keepers of the Walks in which the Coppices lie attend the other Walks, but in many Parts, from Want of at the Sales, and Two Men called in by the Exami- Air, does not grow so strong, but upon the Whole 'he nant to assist at the Sale certify the Accounts; and this believes it is of more Value by the Acre by at least Examinant accounts Once a Year with the Surveyor Twenty Shillings, and a much greater Quantity of General for all his Receipts and Disbursements as young Timber springs up there than in the open

Deputy Surveyor.

No Timber is felled in the said Forest for Repairs without a Warrant from the Treasury. When any Repairs are wanting, the Lord Warden, or the Lieutenant of the Forest where the Works are to be done, applies to the Treasury; and when this Examinant receives Orders from the Surveyor General to send an Estimate of such Repairs, be employs Workmen to make Estimates thereof, and returns the same (signed by himself and such Workmen) to the Surveyor Ge- Proportion to its Extent, in Salcey, than in;

neral; and when a Warrant is issued for executing the the Falls for the Navy not having been there begun so Works, he employs any Workmen that he thinks fit many Years ago. For the last Three Seasons after the to perform the same, oversees the Execution thereof Coppices then cut have been cleared of the Underwood, himself, and pays the Workmen’s Bills, deducting One an Account has been taken, by Order of the Surveyor

Coppices of the Forest. The Acorns which fall in the Years when the Copses are open are generally picked up and eaten by the Deer, and the young Oaks called Wavers much injured by cropping both by the Deer and Cattle. The Underwood in Salcey forest is not so good as in Whittlewood, owing, as he believes, to the Quality and Condition of the Land, which is cold, flat, and wet, and not near so well drained as the other Forest. There is more large Timber, in

Shilling in the Pound for the Surveyor General. He employs other Workmen when he thinks it necessary to measure such Parts of the Works as are done by Measure. No Survey is taken of them by any other Person. The Estimates are not made upon Oath, and the Accounts are not sworn to by the Workmen or Deputy Surveyor. "

The Perquisites received by him for the Surveyor Vol.46.

General, and sent to his Office, of the Trees and Saplings remaining in each Coppice, in the several Classes following; viz.

OAKS:

1st. Wavers, being Oak Planks or Saplings of 10 to 15 or 20 Years Growth, produced since the former cutting of the Underwood.

H b 2d,

Seventh Land Revenue Report.

17° Decern

A. 1790.

Seventh Land Revenue Report.

2d. Storers, being young Trees above those Ages, but not measurable as Timber.

3d. Trees containing from 2 to 5 Feet of Timber. 4th. Trees containing from 6 to 10 Feet.

5th. Trees containing from 11 to 20 Feet.

6th. Trees containing from 2t to 30 Feet.

7th. Trees containing from 31 to 40 Feet.

8th. All Trees containing above 40 Fe

containing above 40 Feet, Browse Trees.

9th. Browse Oaks of all Sizes.

except

A S II.

1st.

2d.

3d-

Wavers 1 Storers J Browse Ashes.

as before described.

All the Oak Trees used as Browse Trees in wood Forest are very old. Many worn-out Browse Oaks have been cut down for Sale, but no other Oak Trees have been cut or set out for Browse Trees within his Memory. In Salcey Forest the Keepers used to lop for Browse what they thought fib until about Twenty Years ago, when Mr. Cross, a Navy Purveyor, surveyed and marked all the Navy Timber then in both Forests; since which no Oak Trees not browsed before have been cut in Salcey for Browse, except about Twenty or Thirty set out by the Woodward and this Examinant, about Twenty Years ago: He had not any Order from the Surveyor General for so doing; and though they were so set out he does not know whether they were afterwards cut for Browse or not; but in both Forests Ash Trees of all Ages and Sizes are lopped and browsed by the Keepers at their Discretion. The Number of Browse Trees is much greater in Salcey, in Proportion to its Extent, than in fVhittlewood Forest, and the Wood, after being browsed try the Deer, is sold towards paying the Keepers Salaries; but the Browse Trees are in general not near so large as those in fVhittlewood. The Quantity of Browse cut in fVhittlewood is not sufficient for the Support of the Deer, which in Wakefield, Hazleborough, and Shot-brook Walks, are foddered with Hay, and in most of the Walks some Deer perish Yearly from Want. No Browse Wood is sold in Whittlew Forest, the Keepers take it for their Firing, and some of them find it not sufficient for their Use, and are obliged to buy more. This Examinant lops the same Trees in Shrobb Walk which were browsed while Deer were kept there, but they do not produce a sufficient Quantity of Wood for

his Fuel, and he is some Years obliged to buy more for his Use. An Oak Tree is not fit for browsing oftener than once in Twenty Years, even when the Tree is in Health and Vigour; but when very old not fit for browsing oftener than once in Thirty or Forty Years. An Ash may be browsed once in every Ten Years. The largest Wood cut for browsing is about the Thickness, as he believes, of a Man’s Arm, but in general not thicker than a Man’s Wrist.

The Bushes in the Lawns, Ridings, and Open Quarters, within Wakefield Walk, are cut by Order of the Duke of Grafton, and made into Faggots chiefly for the Use of his Brick Kiln. In the other Walks they are cut by the Keepers for Fuel, bui the Quantity is inconsiderable.

This Examinant is of Opinion, that the Proportion of the Pasture of the Commonable Lands and Coppices in the Forest, consumed by the Deer, is about One Half; and that the Common Cattle consume the other Half, as nearly as he can estimate. The Stock of Deer is considerably increased within his Memory, but he cannot say in what Proportion. The Number of Cattle depasturing in the Forest, he thinks, is rather less of late Years than formerly.

The Purposes to which the Underwood sold in the Forest is applied are chiefly for Fuel and Hedging. Some small Quantity is used for making Rails and Hurdles. The Price of Underwood has increased more than One Third within his Memory, and still increases, partly owing to the lessening of the Quantity, by the converting some Wood Lands in the Neighbourhood of the Forest into Tillage and Pasture Land; but more owing, as he believes, to an Increase of the Number of Inhabitants, and a greater Demand for it. The Price of Timber is also increased within his Memory, but not in so great a Proportion. The Quantity of great Timber in that Part of the Country is much less now than within his Remembrance. In some Woods belonging to private Owners in that Neighbourhood there is a good Succession of young Timber; but in many Woods very few Storers are left, and he thinks there is Reason to believe, that if the Woods in these Forests belonged to private Persons, the present Stock of Timber would be cut down, and very little Timber raised there in future, the Underwood producing more Profit, and a quicker Return.

Capes.

N* 13.

EXTRACT from a Survey, intituled,

" NORTHTON COM. A SURVA Y estimate and value of his Ma" Tymber and Fyerwoods in the said

Countye S'vayed marked and valewed by W" Salter and Ilenrye Thorpe the First of January A° 1608. ut sq'."

Worth. To be Worth.

f Tymber Trees of Oake - V m. c. £. spared. C

15,274 xi, ix, Lj. - - - 1,000 m. — —

| £ S. £ s\ _

Sawsey Forrest { Decayinge Trees - - 440 C,xL. xiij. iiij. 440 C,xL. xiij. iiij.

ac:

w Coppices out of Lease - 976.0.0 C,xxij. per Annum 1

foott

We have measured the Coppices in Rockingham Forrest at xxj foote to the Pole, and all the rest at xviij for that they are so usually sold.

The Tymber and decaying Trees menconed to be spared in the Forrests abovenamed cannott wel be taken away but at such Tymes as the Coppices shal be sold, for spoylinge the Underwoodes, except it be uppon Heighwayes, Rydings, Plaines, and Wasts.

William Salter S'vayors appointed by the Right Ho: the Earle of Henrye Thorpe, / Exeter and the Lo: Stanhope.

N* 14.

by

51 Geo. Ill

17° Decem

119

N° 14.

A BREVIATE of the Surrey of the King’s Woods in Lincolnshire, by Christophet'

12th March 1608.

LINCOLN. A Note of Trees, w'k their Valewacon, uppon Coppiholds of Inheritannce, Lands granted by Lease, and Wasts belonging to Mannors surveyed, wIhin the County of Lincoln, w,k the Tennannts will willingly buy and plant & preserve IJ Trees for every Tree they now have, some reasonable Allowannce for Kepacons being made to such as have Houses uppon their Tennem" to maintaine viz':

Timber Trees uppon Coppiholds.

c. Tun C Sr dr

fAshes - - vij.Ciiij. - - cont: m.iiij.vj. - - vij. Lxxviij. v. iiij.

c. Tun xx.£. s. d.

Elmes - - iiij. vj. - cont: CxLj.jqr": - iiij-iij- xvij. vj.

( c. c. Tun c. £. s.

Oks - m.v.lxij. - cont: v.ix. iij qr"’: - - ij. Iv. v.

Tun /

s Aspes - - Ixx. - - - cont:. xv. iij qr"*: - - - viij. xix. ij.

Sum

m. c. Trees tn. Tun £. s.

- ix.ij.xlij. - - cont: ij. Ixxij. iij qr,r* - - MCxxvj. vij.

Fyerwood Trees uppon Coppiholds.

/'Ashes - c. aw. - - viij.iiij.xv, - c. Loads - cont: ij.xiiij. di > - - £ Sr dr Lxj. iiij.

I Elmes - vj. Loads - cont: iij. iij qr"‘. - - - s. d. - xviij. iiij.

Okes ww. - - C.iiij.xvij. - 1 1 V 1 >3 c 0 u 1 £r St dr vj. xvj. viij.

v Aspes - 0 J- Load - cont: j. ----- s.d.

Trees c. Loads £. s. d.

Sum - m.iiij.xix. - - cont: ij.lx. j qr‘r; - - - - Lxix. iij. viij.

m. ww. c. x Tun c. xt. £. s.

'Ashes - v.iiij.v. - cont: ix. iiij. xvj. - - - - iiij.iiij.xj.xv.

Tun £ s. d.

Umber Trees Elmes - - - xxvij. - cont: viij. j qr": - - - - iiij- ij- vj.

uppon Lands ( m. c. Tun c $. d.

granted by Lease. Oks - - viij.ix. - cont: M.v.viij. - - - - vij.Liiij. vij. vj.

Tun £

I. Aspes - - XXXV. - cont: vj. - - . - iij.

m. Trees tn. c. Tun £ s.

Sum - xiij.C.Lvj. - - cont: ij.v. xviij. j qr": - - m.ccliif. v.

c. Loads £ s.

'Ashes - - - iij.Lxj. - cont: CLxxiij. j qr": - - - xxxii. x.

Loads sd.

Elmes - - vj. - cont: ij. iij qr"': - - - ix. ij.

Fyerwood Trees c. c. Loads £ s. d.

upon Lands ( Oks - vij.lxv. cont: iiij.xxxv. - - - - Ixxiij. xj. viij.

granted by Lease. Loads

Aspes - - iij. cont: iiij. ----- XX.

Loads £ s. d.

< Alders - - Cxlij. cont: xxiii. jqr": - - - i'j. xvij. vj.

c. Trees c. Loads £. s. d.

Sum - m.ij.lxxvij. cont: vj.xxxviij. j qi«r: - - C'.xj. viij. iiij.

Vol. 46.

Timber

Seventh Land Revenue Report.

---- v----

17° Decembris.

A. 1790

Seventh

Land Revenue Report > ' Timber Trees { uppon Wasts. Ashes - Oks - - C.ix. -c. - vj.xxiii. - Tun - cont: xix. iij qr"': xx. Tun - cont: iiij. ij. j qr": £> A xij. j, viij. Sm dm - - - xlj.ij. vj.

Sum c. Trees - vij.xxxii. - Tun - cont: Cij. £ f; - - - Liij. iiij. ij.

Fyerwood Trees . uppon Wasts, ’ Ashes -. Oks xxiii. -xij. - Loads - cont: v. iijqr"’: Loads - cont: ij. - - Sm - - - XXXV. Sm d.

Sum - - Trees XXXV. - Loads - cont: vij. iij qr*": - - - ij.j. viij.

There is a little Pice called Kyrby Pice, conteyning about 1IIJ Acres, wherein are XXXVII Deere* The Trees wherof are all for the most Pt decayed fc decaying; viz':

In this Pice, & the Wastl adjoining to the same, c. Okes being Timber ij.liij. ->The Tops & Lops - c. Tun - cont iij.v. - - - - Lods - cont: CCvj. of Wood - - £ . CLij x. £. s. d. xxxiiij. vj. viij.

c. are ix.xlix Trees Oks decaying, P* Timber -j P* Woodd - - - ij.xLv. J xx. Tun - cont Ciiij. xiij. df - - - xx. £. t. iiij.xvj. xv.

The Tops & Lops - c. xx. Lods - cont: iij.iiij.xiij. - - - £ Lxv. x.

c. Oks being Fyerwood iij.xxx. c. Loads - cont iiij.Lxv. - - - £ s. Lxxvij. x.

Ashes being Timber Liiij Tun - cont: xxj. df - - - £ X. XV.

The Tops & Lopps Lods - cont: xxvj. Df - - - £. s. d. iiij. viij. iiij.

Ashes being Fyerwoodd x. - Lods - cont: xj. - - - - s. d. xxxvj. viij.

Maples - - - xxxviij. - Lods - cont: x. - - - - s. d. xxxiij. iiij.

Thornes - - - xix. - Lods - cont: iij. - - - - Sm

The whole Valew of the Timber Trees ----- - - - CC.Lx.

The whole Valew of the Fyerwoodd --- - - - C.iiij.v. xv.

§UMM. Tot: IIIJ.XLV. XV.

N* 1.7.

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

cw

FT

0

r

01

An ACCOUNT of all the Oak and Ash Trees growing in Salcey Forest, surveyed between the 7th March and the 8th April 1783: — In pursuance of an Order from the Honw* House of

Commons, and by the Direction of John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, the 9th of October 1782.

Names of Walks, &c*.

O

w

o

OAK TIMBE 'R.

Knees.

From 10 Feet I 50 Feet to 49 Feet. I and upwards.

Hartwell Walk -

Piddington Walk -

Hanslop Walk -

Salcey Lawn and Clear Stripe, Portway and High Oaks, Blackmoor Hill and Lawn, Hollows, and the adjacent Hollow Quarters and Open Ridings ——

N® Trees. IA. feet N° Trees. L"». feet,

25 10 35

25 12 17 1 1 —

11 4 33 - -

r — 45 - -

64 28 30 1 1 —

Total -

Fit to cut.

i r \ 30 Feet and upwards.

N°

t. Trees. Ld*. feet.

695 581 12

488 455 29

982 934 23

102 127 2

2,2 67 2,098 16

64 28 30 ’

1 1 —

586 369 12

2,918 2,497 8

4 5,745 37

Total

Knees.

Growing Trees, 30 F1 and upwards* Girt Measure.

Square Measure.

BROWSED TREES.

24

25

Scrubbed and Unthrifty. Dotard Shaken. Stores or Saplings. Growic ig Trees. A*.

From 3 Feet to 9 Feet. 10 to 29 Feet. 30 Feet and upwards. k or Defective. t From 3 Feet to 9 Feet. 10 Feet to 29 Feet. A 30 Feet and upwards. 2 Feet to Feet. - 5 Feet to 9 Feet. / 10 Feet to 29 Feet. \ 30 Feet „ and upwards.

No Trees. Ld*. feet. No Trees. I.d#. feet. No Trees. Ldi. feet. No Trees. IA. feet. No Trees. Ldt. feet. No Trees* Ld*. feat. N° Trees. IA. feet. No Trees. IA. feet. N* Trees. Ld‘. feet. No Trees. W*. feet. No Tees. IA. feet.

74 9 15 322 108 31 10 6 26 3 — 25 56 22 36 6 4 29 107 5 25 141 20 47 1,053 394 25 183 114 23

49 5 25 «9 30 33 4 2 46 - - - 3 — 20 12 5 5. 8 5 21 99 5 21 168 2133 440 '51 41 123 77 Si

129 13 38 242 77 48 6 4 " — 4 — 27 25 9 43 9 6 26 253 13 3 255 34 18 959 346 21 255 l6l 24

44 4 33 41 13 40 4 2 22 145 419 32 1 — 8 11 3 38 2 1 24 80 4 33 59 7 49 150 V 53 1] 25 15 34-

296 33 11 694 1 231 2 16 16 145 419 32 11 1 30 104 41 22 25 18 — 539 28 32 613 84 47 2,602 945 48 586 369 12

18 —

19*

453 48

680 47

-s

a

Shaken - -

Girt Measure. Square Measure.

BLM TIMBER*

Total - -

Shrobb Lodge, 4th April 1783.

Oaks. Ashes.

No Trees. IA. feet N° Trees. Ld*. feet.

8,266 4,892 9 8,914 1,185 7

7,338 13 - - 1,777 35

Girt Measure-Square Measure.

Small Leaf. Witch Doted.

No No

Trees. Ld*. feet. Trees. Ldi. feet.

8 — 36 1 3 —

Girt Measure.

Rubn Capa.

to

ABSTR ACT of Accounts of Wood Sales within the Forest of Salcey, in and for other Purposes, from the Year 1709 to the Year 1786, inclusive; Revenue.

RECEIPTS.

By Sale of divers Quantities of dotard and decayed Oak and Ash Trees felled in the said Forest, and of the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood thereof, within the Period of this Account ——

By the Produce of Wood cut down in the said Forest, by Rioters, in the Year 1727, underJfPretence of Coronation Poles, but afterwards recovered, and paid into the Hands of the Surveyor General, for the Use of the Crown

By Sale of the Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood of 42 dotard and decayed Oak Trees, used in the Repair of Fences of the said Forest in 1772 ——

6,072 it

353 5 21 7

Surplus of Disbursements

44 18

6,492 1

N* 16.

to

to

the County of Northampton, for defraying the Expences of divers Works and Repairs in the said Forest, taken from the Accounts of the Surveyor General, remaining in the Office of the Auditor of the Land

DISBURSEMENTS.

4. Expences incurred in the marking, setting out, sealing, valuing, and selling the £ s.

2 i Timber, and the Lops, Tops, Offal Wood, and Bark thereof -Surveyor General’s Allowance of 20 s.per Day, for his Service, Attendance, and Riding Charges, in the Execution of the Warrants for the said Works and Repairs, 135 1 iof

and felling the said Timber - - - - 3i3

Surveyor General’s Poundage on the Monies received, at 12*£ per Fees paid at the Treasury for Warrants, Estimates, and Entries; and to the Auditor for stating and ingrossing the Accounts; and Allowance to the Surveyor General 318 13 n

for the Charges of passing the same through the several Offices (exclusive of such of the like Fees and Allowances as are stated and allowed in the Accounts of Wood Sales made within the Forest of , jointly with Salcey

— ForestJ - -- -- Poundage to the Receiver General on £.353. 5 s. the Produce of the Wood cut down by the Rioters in 1727, the same having been received by Francis Whitworth, Esquire, Surveyor General, by Debentures on the Receivers of the Land Revenue, as Part of a Surplusage due to the Representatives of the preceding Surveyor 248 17 nf

General, into whose Hands the said Sum had been paid ----- Paid for divers Repairs of Lodges, Bridges, Drains, Sloughs, Lawn, and Ring-mound Fences, and other Works in the said Forest, within the Period of this 17 13 3

Account - Paid the Woodward of the said Forest, from the Year 1709 to 1754, inclusive, the Yearly Allowance of £. 10; and from 1754 to 1786, the Yearly Allowance of £. 15, in lieu of Poundage from the Buyers of Wood or Timber sold within the said,482 — 2i

Forest - - - -- --Paid the Woodward for his Service, Trouble, and Expence, in prosecuting and suppressing the Rioters in 1727, pursuant to a Treasury Warrant, dated 27th 930

-r January 1736 - - - 46 14 —

2i BBBBB 6,492 1 2|

17d Decembrist. . 1790.

CO

N* 17.

ABSTRACT of Accounts of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy within the Forest of Salcey, in the County of Northampton, from the Year 1781 to the Year 1786 inclusive (no Timber appearing to have been felled there for the Use of the Navy between the Years 1705 and 1781) taken from the Accounts of the Surveyor General remaining in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue.

RECEIPTS.

s. d.

DISBURSEMENTS.

s. d.

By the Value of 835 Oak Trees, felled in the ] T said Forest for the Use of the Navy, from 1781 > 1’ eet*

to 1786, containing - - - J 9°® 29*

By Sale of the Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood thereof

1,726 5 11 404 14 —

Expences incurred in the marking and felling the said Timber, and in the Sale of the Lops, Tops, and Bark thereof and of the Trees unfit for Naval Use -

Surveyor General’s Allowance of 20 s.per Day for his Service, Attendance, and Riding Charges, in the Execution of the Warrants for felling the said Timber

83 9 8

20 ——

The like of the Bark thereof ——

The like of 37 Oak Trees cut down in the said Forest for the Use of the Navy, but refused by the Purveyor as unfit for Naval Use ——

The like of the Bark thereof ——

197 18 —

78 15 — 7 6 6

Surveyor General’s Poundage on Monies received, at 12 per -

j Fees paid at the Treasury for Warrants and Entries, and to the Auditor for stating and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Surveyor General for his' Charges in passing the same through the several Offices -

120 14 7

79 ——

303 4 3

2,414 19 5

Balance of Navy Timber Account

C

2,111 15

2,4H 19

2

5

1 Geo. III. 17° Decembris.

Seventh Land Revenue Report.

NM8.

Copies of Two Letters from Mr. to

the Commissioners of the Land Revenue*

Potterspury, near Stony Sir, Bucks, 20th April 1787.

In dutiful Obedience to the Orders in your Letter dated the 16th, I shall take great Care to obey their Honours Commands, praying Leave to know if I am to mark, or hammer-stamp, the Trees that are to be left standing, and if I am to notice those in the adjoining Riding, &c. humbly thinking the Trees mentioned Dotard, is signifying what is here called Browse Trees, whereof there is many in these Copses and Riding adjoining. Some are much decayed, and the others are in a full-grown State for falling, and will never be better by standing, and appear very sound, useful, large Trees for the Navy, which I have often mentioned when marking the Navy Timber Falls in the different Copses these Ten Years past, and not any was granted to be felled for the Navy. I humbly pray to know if those appearing sound are to be left standing, or felled for the Navy, as they never will be better. In humble Obedience, praying their Honours Commands, am,

Sir,

Your most obedient

very humble Servant,

John Fordyce, Esq; John Collinridge.

Land Revenue Office.

Honourable Sir,

In Obedience to your Letter of the 30th past, I have consulted and considered the Propriety of the Soil for the Growth of Oak Timber in and Salcey Forests, and from all Observations and Remarks thereon, I think it’s in general as proper Soil as can be for the Growth and Produce of good Oak Timber; and in course of 105 to 130 Years Oak Timber would there grow to a Size fit for Navy Purposes, as Trees fit for Plank and thick Stuff becomes fit for the Navy in less than 100 Years, and never more fit for those Purposes, being then in Strength and sound Condition, and would not become of more Size or Strength by standing longer; and some Trees may require 150 Years to grow for the Uses of the principal large Pieces for Ships of the Rate of 90 and 100 Guns; and it’s a great Pity Timber should stand longer than its proper Strength and Growth, to decay and become unfit for the Service, as is too often the Case; and in this Forest of Whittlewood Part has stood for a great Number of Years longer than its Growth, and become perished and decayed, and unfit for Service; which Trees, if felled at a proper Growth, and others planted in their Stead, would produce a Growth of young Timber for Service when wanted; and in many Copses in these Forests there’s very few Trees, and some scarce any, where might have been a great Number of Oak Trees now growing, if planted, many Years past. The Navy Timber bought at £.1. 18. a Load is delivered at His Majesty’s Yard full as cheap as any Timber bought of the Merchants; and if those Trees of the same Size were sold on the Spot; by Auction, to

the best Bidder, it’s a Doubt if they would fetch more Money than sold to the Navy at £ 1. 18. per Load, by Reason the Timber sold to the Navy is measured Square Measure, and that to the Country Girt Measure (at about One Shilling a Foot) which reduces it above One Fourth in Measure from the Navy Measure; and was a great Quantity to be disposed of to the Country, it would not fetch (the Quality equal as good) the Price, as when a few Trees are for Sale, as the Country Demand might not require it; and then there is that great and grand important Object in View, this fine Oak Timber may be wanted for supplying the Navy, and the Country might do with Timber of a much inferior Sort; for I am well assured, from long Experience, that valuable Article of Navy Timber must become scarce in a short Time, as the Demand for Ship Timber in general is very great, and requires the greatest Care to preserve it; and the Neglect of planting, and the using Timber at Half Growth for Country Uses, reduces the Quantity much. It’s certain these Forests have a great Quantity of very fine young growing Oak Timber in many Copses, and those Copses that I afore-mentioned, had they been planted, would have abounded with Timber of equal Goodness, and the Growth and Quality of the young Timber now growing on these Forests, and the fine large Timber that has been felled for many Years, and more fit for this Six or Seven Years to come for the Navy, is a general Proof that the Soil must be very proper for the Growth of Oak Timber, and would produce good, sound, strong Oak Timber for His Majesty’s Navy Purposes as any can be for the Service of the Navy in general; and humbly am,

Honourable Sir,

Potterspury,near Your most obedient,

Stony Stratford, very humble Servant,

9 Decf 1789. John Collinridge.

John Call, Esq;

Commiss' Land Revenue.

N° 19.

Com: NORTHTON & RUTLAND.

After my hearty Commendacons. It appearing unto me, by the annexed Certificate of Tho* Jett, Esq. One of y* Auditors of her Mat* Land Revenue, that there is due and in Arreare to Thomas Newton, Esq. Woodw4 of her Mat* Forrests of Whittlewood and Saulcey, within y* Counties of North ton and Rutland, y* Sum of Forty Pounds for Four Years, on his Patent Fees of One hundred Shillings fy* Ann. for each of the s* Counties, (to wit) from Michas 1705 to Michas 1709: These are to authorize and require you, out of any Money that is or shall be in your Hands of her Mat* Land Revenue, to pay unto y* sd Tho. Newton, or his Assigns, y* sd Sum of Forty Pounds for Four Years, due on y* sd Fees at Michas last aforesaid. And this shall be as well to you for paying, as to ye Auditor for Allowing thereof upon your Accounts, a sufficient Warrant. Whitehall, Treary Chambers, 2d December 1709.

Godolphin.

To my very loving Friend Robt* Hart, Esq.

One of the Rec" of her Mat* Land Revenue.

Malt Bill presented.

Sugar Duty Bill presented.

Additional Malt Duty Bill presumed.

Assessed 1 axes Duty Bill pre* seated.

Proceedings relative to Plymouth Ejection.

N*20.

EXTRACT of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Navy to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Seventh Land Revenue Report.

Navy Office, 19th June, 1789.

In Return to your Letter of the 27th of last Month, we acquaint you that the Timber from Forest is

sent by Land Carriage to Hertford, and from thence by Water to Deptford

The Land Carriage to Hertford is per Load Water Carriage to Deptford is

- - £3 7 —

- - — 11 —

£3 18 -

We are, &c. Ch&‘ Middleton, Hcnslaw, Geo. Marsh.

Land Revenue Office, Cha* Middleton,

Scotland Yard, Jn° Call,

December 13th, 1790. John Fokdyce.

Ordered, That the said Report and Plan do lie upon " An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of the Table, to be perused by the Members of the " controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to House. serve in Parliament;"

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said And the House being informed that the said John Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as Macbride, Esquire, was now Abroad, commanding shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the One of His Majesty's Ships of War, and it was un-House. certain when he would return;

The House was moved, That the said Act might be Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, read, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty And the same being read accordingly; _.

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for Ordered, That the Time allowed for John Macbride,

the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Esquire, to enter into the said Recognizance, be enlarged ing into Re-

and Ninetyorie: And the same was received j and read until the j6th Day of January next. cognizance,

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill to g*ye

give further Time to John Macbride, Esquire, and his Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Sureties, for entering into their Recognizances, in bride for en-a Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on respect of his Petition presented to the House of tering into

Sugar imported into this Kingdom: And the same was Commons, complaining of an undue Election and Re*®*-

received; and read the First Time. Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County ’ or*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. of Devon: And that Mr. , Mr. Thomas Grenville,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Mr. Attorney General, and Sir John Jervis, do prepare, upon Monday Morning next. and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Mr. Adam presented to the House, according to Mr Mac-

a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Dudes Order, a Bill to give further Time to John Macbride, ^irance tw?" upon Malt: And the same was received; and read the Esquire, and his Sureties, for entering into their Recog- presented, iirst Time. nizances, in respect of his Petition presented to the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. House of Commons, complaining of an undue Election

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County upon Monday Morning next. of Devon: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Ordered, That the said Bill be now reqd a Second

the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of Time.

the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein The said B91 was accordingly read a Second mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Time.

First Time. . ResoThat the Bill he committed. Committal.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com-

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time mittee of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next. Resohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Notice being taken, that this was the last Day House, upon the said Bill, of the Fourteen, within which John Macbride, Esquire,

who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Distillery Election and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional &c'

in the- County of Devon, was required to enter into his Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors brewed Recognizance, in respect of such Petition, according or made in England for extracting Spirits for Home to the Directions of the Act of the Twenty-eighth Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotlatid and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, imported into England, and upon Foreign Spirits Vo l. 46. Klc imported

126 17° — Kf Decembris. A. 1790.

imported into Great Britainand to continue certain Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon WTorts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-m&de Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to . England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

O

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac- Lanerk cording to Order, with the Return for the Shire of Retur.n.

t f Hmcnftedt

Lanark \

The said Return was read; by which it appeared, that the Person returned as the Commissioner for the said Shire is therein named Sir James Steuart, of Cvlt-ness, Baronet.

And a Member present having informed the House, that the said Sir James Steuart, of Coltness, Baronet, had before the said Election taken the Name of Denham, and was the Person elected for the Shire of Lanerk, and intended to be returned;

Com Regu- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second lation Bill heading of the Bill for regulating the Importation and commute . £xp0lta:jon of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Means de- to res0]ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, errfc ' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply de- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ferred. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That tin's House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House oo Bill to to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, continue and upon the Bill to continue and amend so much of Twb Indemnity Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates Acts. to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and to the authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Com, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Gommittee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him (o report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

.Reported. Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

Ordered, That the said Return be amended, by inserting the Word " Denham" after the Word " Steuart."

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown amended the said Return accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to petition this House, complaining of the said Election or Return, within Fourteen Days next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee W'hole House, to take into Consideration the State in °" State of which the Impeachment of JVarren Hastings, Esquire, Mr

late Governor General of Bengal, was left at the Dis- Hastings, solution of the last Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Peter Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, That

they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State in which the Impeachment of Warren Hastings,

Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, was left at the Dissolution of the last Parliament.

And then the House, having continued to sit till Two of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 20° die Decembris;

Anno 31* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted die House, That he had Mr. Jenkin-received a Letter from the Honourable Robert j"npelccU ,or Banks Jenkinson,. who is now Abroad, and who is JP‘ returned to serve in this present Parliament as a Baron for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and also as a Burgess for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmorland, desiring him to inform the House, that the said Mr. Jenkinson made his Election to serve for the said Town and Port of Rye.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Appleby the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "nt* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of 8 Westmorland,

JJ

Lord Weymouth elects for Bath.

Weobly Writ.

Camelford

Writ.

Hellston Election: Report respecting the Illness of a near Relation of Mr. Johnstone.

Bristol, and Durham Debtors Petitions.

Lewes Road Bill committed.

Bicester and Aylesbury Road Petition reported.

Westmorland, in the room of the said Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson.

The Right Honourable Thomas Thynne, commonly called Lord Viscount Weymout, being chosen a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of of Hereford, made his Election to serve for the said City of Bath.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of Hereford, in the room of the said Lord Viscount Weymouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his "Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Samuel Hannay, Barouet, deceased.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Select. Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of Hellston, in the County of Cornwall; That the said Committee met this Morning, at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment, and proceeded in the Hearing ing of the Matters of the said Petitions, until an Acr count being brought to Richard Bempte Johnstone, Esquire, One of the Members of the said Committee, of the dangerous Illness of a very near Relation, whom he was obliged immediately to attend, the said Select Committee adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

And the House being inforqned that the near Relation of the said Member, alluded to in the said Report, was since dead;

Ordered, That Leave be given to the said Mr. Johnstone to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol of Neiogate, in die City and County of Bristol: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of Durham;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill to continue the Term and Powers' of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmslon, in the County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Orde, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, assed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening M the Road from Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the

Vo x. 46.

25th of April 1774. relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined die Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Henry Churchill being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed f 3,300 on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, several Years Interest of which r.ow remains unpaid — That the Roads cannot be repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the Act be enlarged, and further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of ati Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks: And that- Mr. Bernard and Mr. Hopkins do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Oxford, Buckingham, and Northampton, was referred; rInat the , Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative.to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it-appeared, to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in et the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Henry Churchill being examined, . said, That he knows the Roads leading from the Market Place in Bicester, in the County of Oxford, through the Parishes of Bicester, Caver field, in the County of Bucks, and Bucknell Stoke, Lyne, Fritwell, and Souldern, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Aynho, in the County of Northampton: That the same are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament. — And the Witness added, That for the greater Convenience of Travellers, it may be necessary to make some small Deviation from the present Line of Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Market Place in Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton: And that Mr. Bernard and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Mary Hutton, Spinster, Lady of the Manor of Nylands with Badcombe, and Owner of great

Part of the Lands and Tythes within the said Manor and Parish of Nylands with Badcombe, in the County of Somei'Sct, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; but, if the same were divided, inclosed, and drained, the same might be put in a State of Cultivation, and considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in p. Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered,

Bicester and Aynho Road Petition reported.

Nylands Inclosure and Drainage Petition.

St Pancraa Paving Petition.

Burford Hoads Petition.

128 20° Decembm. A. 1790.

Ordered, 'that the said t’etltkJn be deferred to the Consideration of a Committee! And thjit they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mi*.

See.: And they are to meet Td-morrdw Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons* Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed* being Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament* passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting* cleansing, " watering, and watchbg the Streets, and other Public " Places, within such Part of the Parish of Saint " Pancras, in the County of , as lies on the

" West Side of Tottenham Court Road, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and " for obligbg the Trustees for the Care of the said " Road, to pave, repair, and cleanse such Part of the " said Road as is therein described," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made very considerable Progress in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said Act, but find that the good Purposes intended thereby cannot be effectually answered, unless the said Act is altered, explained, and amended, and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Byng,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the’Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from Burford aforesaid to the Turnpike -Road leading to Stow, b the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swerfot'd Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to tho Turnpike Road in Aynho,in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected by virtue of the said Act, which hath been applied in repairing the said Roads, and for the several other Purposes directed by the said Act, which Money still remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is nearexpiring, and, unless the same is further continued, and some Amendments made in the said Act, the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the said Act, and making such Amendments therein as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Beauchamp, the Marquis of Blandford, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That thfe Order of the Day, for the House Commit u« to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on. Mr Mac-upon the Bill to give further Time to John ^cSj2'

Esquire, and his Sureties, for entering into their Recog- n, M*ce 1 * nizances, iu respect of his Petition presented to the House of Commons, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Pelham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr, Thomas Pelham accordingly reported from the Reported, said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's.Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be bgrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue and amend so much Bill to conti* of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, uue j"jd as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Corn in<le(nnitjrm and Grain, and to the authorizing His Majesty to Acts passed, permit the Exportation of Com, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and amend so much of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and to tire authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller of the Household do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Corn upon the Bill for regulating the Lnportation and Ex- Regulation portation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on 11 Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the Repoited. said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where thq Report was read.

Ordered,

V

Sugar Duty Bill committed*

Malt BIB committed.

Additional Malt Duty Bill committed.

Assessed Taxes Duty Bill committed.

Distillery Duties, &c. Bill committed.

31 Geo. III. 20° — 21° Decembris. 129

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for, the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resoboed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday, the 7th Day of~ February next, resolve itself into a Committee

of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Heading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words upon Monday, the " 7th Day of February next"

And the Question being put, That the Word *now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Voting; } '26- .

Tellers for the Noes, { } 9>-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

m

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned, was, according to'Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved., That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resoboed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors brewed or made in England for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain Vol. 46.

Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Ix>w Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of made

Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the M-ans whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means deferred, for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred-whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 21° die Decem; Anno 31* Georgii'III, U Regis, 1790.

Pit AY ERS.

ABIL L for the better Relief and Employment St. Boiolph of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Boiolph -out Aldersgate, in the City of London; for securing the netted!11" Payment of certain Annuities granted to discharge a Debt contracted for the Repair of the Parish Church, and re-building the Workhouse of the said Parish; and for the widening of Carthusian Street, leading from Aldersgate Street into Charter House Square, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of Petition from the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Electors of Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being re*ecti^g ’ Electors of Members to represent the said City and the Right of Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and Election, many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, some Time on or about the 3d Day of April 1789, a Select Committee of this House was appointed to try and determine the Merits of a certain Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland, and also a Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, severally complaining of an undue Election for the said City and liberty, which said Select Committee did, on the 6th Day of July,in the said Year of our Lord 1789, report

to this House, That it appeared to them, the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the Petitions

LI did,

did, in Part, depend upon the Right of Election; the Parties were therefore required to deliver in Statements, in writing, of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended: That, in Consequence thereof, the Petitioner Lord Hood delivered in a Statement as follows — " The Petitioner, Lord ,states " the Right of Election for the City and Liberty of " Westminster to be in the Inhabitants, Householders " paying Scotland Lot, within the United Parishes of " Saint Margaret and Saint John, and the several Pa-u rishes of Saint Paul Cocent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint " Jams, Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty " of Saint Martin he Grand in the County of Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint " Mary le Strand, as are not within any of the Four " Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, " called The Temple Bar Ward, The Royal Ward, " The Middle Ward, and Precincts of the Savoy? that the Electors Petitioners delivered in a Statement as follows — " The Electors Petitioners state, That the " Right of Election for the City and Liberty of " minster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying " Scotland Lot, within the United Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John, in the several Parishes of " Saint Patd Covent GardenSaint Ann, Saint James, " Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand in the County of Middlesex, and in " so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the " Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary k Strand, as are not within any of the Four Wards " of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, called " The Temple Bar Ward, The Royal Ward, The Middle " Ward, and Precincts of the Savoythat the Sitting " Member, Lord John Townshend, delivered in a Statement as follows — " The Right of Election is in the '* Inhabitants, Householders of the Parishes of Saint " Margaret and Saint John, Saint George Hanover " Square, Saint James Westminster, Saint Martin in the

" Fields, Saint Clement Danes, Saint Mary le Strand, " Saint Mary le Savoy, Saint Paul Covent,

" Saint Ann Soho, and the District of Saint Martin le " Grand" — That, upon the Statements delivered in

by the Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined, " That the Right of Election for the " City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scotland Lot, within " the United Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint " John, and the several Parishes of Saint Paul Covent " Garden, Saint Am, Saint James, Saint George " norcer Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin le " Grand in the County of Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint " Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, as are not " within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the " Dutchy of Lancaster'" — That upon the Statement delivered in by the Sitting Member, the Committee have determined, " That the Right of Election, as " set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right " of Election for the said City and Liberty of " minster; " and that certain Persons, pretending to be Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the aaid City and Liberty of Westminster, having, on the 8th Day of December last, presented their Petition to the House, praying, that they may be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election, which has been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and, the Petitioners insisting that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is the ancient and true Right of Election for the said City and Liberty of Westminster: Therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to defend-such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the aaid Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 28th Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Honourable Edward James Eliot, being chosen Mr. Eliot a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the elects for Borough of Lislitard, in the County of Cornwall, and LUkeard. also a Burgess for the Borough of Germans, in the County of Cornwall, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Liskeard.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to St. Germans the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the said Honourable Edward James Eliot.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Laws ordered, in being for the Relief and Settlement of the Poor:

And that Mr. Popham, Mr. Serjeant Watson, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, Mid bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill to give further Time to John Mr. Mac-Macbride, Esquire, and his Sureties, for entering into ^["le;8ReI

. ’ .* ’ . «. w, ® cognuance

their Recognizances, in respect of his Petition pre- Bill passed, sented to the House of Commons, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to give further Time to John,

Esquire, and his Sureties, for entering into their Recognizances, in respect of his Petition presented to the House of Commons, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Anstruther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Buckingham, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Borough the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- writ liament for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of the Right honourable James Grenville, who, since his Election for the said Borough and Parish, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desboroughand , in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House cwmnittee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Malt Bili. upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and 8 Perry;

Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1791, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1789, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1791.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Call dis- The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, charged. being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to on Additional resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Malt Duty upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for making a certain Allowance upon every Barrel of Beer, or Ale/ above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties of Excise) and not exceeding Eleven Shillings (exclusive of such Duty) commonly called Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made in that Part of Great Britain called England by the Common Brewer, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained and provided in and by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, concerning Beer, or Ale, commonly called Table Beer, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Distillery to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duties, &e. upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Bl11- Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors brewed

or made in England for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain', and to continue certain Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof* and

Yol. 46.

for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Alanage-ment of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speeeh to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 26th Day of November' last, as relates to the Interruption which has taken Place in the Tranquillity of our Indian Possessions, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copies or Extracts of all Correspondence between the Rajah of Travancore and the Government of Madras or

Bengal, on the Subject of the said Rajah having purchased the Fort of Crdnganor, and in Consequence of the subsequent Attack of Tippoo Sultan on the Lines or Territories of Travancore.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copies or Extracts of all Correspondence between

Tippoo Sultan and the said Governments on the said Subjects.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copies or Extracts of all Information communicated by Sir Archibald Campbell to the Court of Directors, relative to the said Subjects.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee on Assessed Taxes Duty Bill.

Correspondence, &c. relative to the Rajah of Travancore and Tippoo Sultan, ordered.

22° Decembris. A. 1790.

The Lord* have agreed to

Land Tax Bill.

Doveridge

Inclosure Bill.

Canterbury Roads Bill.

Beal and Kellingley Inclosure Bill.

Yarmouth

Writ.

Yarmouth

Writ.

Mercurii, 22* die Decembris;

Anno 31* Georgii IIlta Regis, 1790.

Praters.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Doveridge, alias Dovebridge, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a new Road from Saint George's Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Beal, otherwise and

Kellingley, in the Pansh of KelUngton, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Thomas Clarke Jer-voise, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East llendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Edward Rushworth, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of and Bonenham,in the County of Buckingham.

inclosed, was not proposed to be levied by Tolls or Duties upon the Parties interested;

Ordered, That the Order for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Popham and Mr. Phelips do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commo- Bristol Gaol nalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, Petition, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Public Gaol of the City of Bristol, and County of the same City, is too small, and not properly constructed for the Reception, Confinement, and Separation of the Prisoners, and it will be necessary to build a new Gaol within the said City; and that the purchasing Ground necessary for erecting such new Gaol, and building the same upon a Scale sufficiently large and commodious, will be attended with very considerable Expence, which cannot be provided for, nor can proper Regulations for the due Management of the same, and for the Security and Preservation of the Health of the Prisoners, be established and enforced, without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for purchasing the necessary Ground for erecting the said Gaol, for building the same, and for the other Purposes above mentioned, in such Alanner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Sheffield, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Malt Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported, continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Poor Bill Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to

presented. Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more

effectual, the Laws in being for the Relief and Settlement of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Order for The House was moved, That the Order, made upon referring Monday last, for referring the Petition of Mary,

Nylauds Spinster, Lady of the Manor of with Badcombe,

InclosureAc. ant| Owner of great Part of the Lands and Tythes and Bilf6 ’ within the said Manor and Parish of Nylands with ordered. Badcombe, in the County of Somerset, to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that the Expence attending the Drainage of the Lands to be divided and

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means House, to consider further of Ways and Means for deferretJ-raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, the ad Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, iq»on the

2d Day of February next, resolve itself into the said '^Committee.

The

i^-

31 Geo. Ill*

22° Decembris.

133

tord Dun- The Right honourable Frederick ,commonly

tannon elects called Lord Viscount Duncannon, being chosen a Burgess for Knares- to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

Knaresborough, in the County of , and also a Burgess for the Borough of Ferrers, in the County of Northampton, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Knaresborough.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Higham Ferrers, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the said Lord Viscount Duncannon.

borough.

Iligham Ferrers Writ.

Order for considering Sir Godfrey Webster’s Petition discharged.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, who petitioned this House upon the 7th Day of this Instant December, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Seaford,in the County of Sussex, had not entered' into a Recognizance in respect of such Petition, according to the Directions of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of " controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 7th Day of this Instant December, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, upon Thursday, the 5th Day of May next, be discharged.

Additional Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Malt Duty from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ©ill reported- Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Six " Months."

And the Question being put, That tire Word stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for he Ye.s.{J^;|^ }

Tellers for the Pelham]

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Amendments were accordingly read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

" now"

122.

92.

ingrossed.

Distillery Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Duties, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Bill reported. for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors brewed or made in England for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Britain; and to continue certain Acts for discontinuing, Vol. 46.

for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Assessed Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Taxes Duty granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the BlB rePorted-Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow* Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to take into further Consideration the State in which the Impeachment of Warren , Esquire, menTof Mr*

late Governor General of Bengal, was left at the Disso- Hastings, lution of the last Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Peter Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Peter Burrell reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

And the House having continued to sit till after Two of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State in which the Impeachment of Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, was left at the Dissolution of the last Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the Clock.

Mm

Hellston

Election

determined.

Sutherland Election — Petition of Mr. Macleod.

134 23° Decembris. . 1790.

Jovis, 23® die Decembris;

Anno 31® Georgii III® Regis, 1790. Prayers.

SIR Adam Fergusson, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Reverend John Clerk, Mayor of the Borough of , otherwise

Helleston, in the County of and of the several

other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the said Borough; and also, of the Petition of James Bland Burges and Charles , Esquires; and also, of the Petition of Sir Gilbert , Baronet, and Stephen Lushington, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of Richard Peuhall, the only surviving Freeman of the ancient Borough of Helleston, in the County of Cornwall, severally complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That James Bland Burges,- Esquire, is Dot duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hellston, in the County of Cornwall:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Charles Abbot, Esquire, is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, is duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Stephen Lushington, Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough;

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Stephen Lushington, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said several Petitions did not any of them appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, forthwith, with the Double Return for the Borough of Hellston, in the County of Cornwall, and amend the same, by taking off the File the Indenture by which James Bland Burges and Charles Abbot, Esquires, are returned.

A Petition of Robert Bruce of Cad-

boll, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the Meeting for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Sutherland, holden at Dornoch, on the 14th

Day of July last, the Petitioner, Lieutenant General James Grant, of Ballindalloch, and Robert Home Gordon, Esquire, of Embo, were Candidates, and the Petitioner,

being duly elected by the Votes of a Majority of the real Freeholders present qualified and entitled by Law

to give their Votes, ought to have been returned Commissioner for the said Shire; and that the Meeting, however, having admitted the Votes of several Persons who were not legally qualified or entitled, nor possessed of such real Freehold Estates and Qualifications as the Laws of Scotland require, there was an apparent Majority in Favour of the said Lieutenant General James Grant, who was declared by the said Meeting duly elected, and the Sheriff has returned Lieutenant General James Grant, of Ballindalloch, whereas he ought to have returned the Petitioner as duly elected: And that the Petitioner, conceiving the said Election to have proceeded contrary to Law, and to his Prejudice, therefore prays the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that he may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 16th Day of June next, at the same Time that the Petition of Robert Home Gordon, of Embo, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Macclesfield others, residing in and near the Towns of Macclesfield lioa(i and Nether Knutrford, in the County of Chester, was tion' presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether Tabley, in the said County, and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road, several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Road for the Term of Twenty-one Years, to take Place at the End of Forty Days next after the passing of the said Act, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Act, have, from Time to Time, borrowed Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, and thereby, and with the Tolls arising upon the same, have repaired the said Turnpike Road, and there is now due and owing upon the said Tolls the Sum of £.600; and that the said Turnpike Road cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money owing upon the Credit thereof repaid, unless the said Act, and the Tolls, Duties, and Powers thereby granted, be continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for amending an Act, made in the Twenty- Glasgow ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Koads Bill making and repairing the Road from the City of comnutte b

31 Geo. III.

23° Decembris.

13 5

Petersfield

Writ.

Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating the rewith; and for the more effectually repairing the said Roads, and the Road from the Village of Gcrhals, and new Bridge of Glasgow, to the Chapel of

lang, in the said County of Lanark, and Branches thereof, and for making and repairing the Road from the said Chapel of Cambuslang, till it joins the High Road leading from Hamilton, by towardsEaglesham,

in the County of Renfrew, was read a Second Time.

Resoboed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam Fergusson, Sir Archibald &c.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable George Augustus North, commonly called Lord North, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Marine Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Mutiny Bill the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on ordered. Shore: And that Mr. Stephens and the Lord Hood do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lord# A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. haveagreedto Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

Noordingh'# The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Nat. Bill. Act for naturalizing Christian Noordingh; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Report from The House being informed that Mr. Roe, One of the Commis- the Commissioners for African Claims, attended at the aionera for Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into Losses which may have been sustained by Owners of Ships or Vessels engaged in the African Trade, in consequence of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

African

Claims.

Malt Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrency.

Assessed Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

gff Riding of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to p ‘ His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners

Vo l. 46.

for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass - And that the Title < be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Third Distillery Reading of the1 Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to Duties, &c. His Majesty additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, passed, and other Liquors brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and front Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13.1. 37. After " Act" to insert " respecting " the said additional Rates and , " Duties hereby imposed."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors brewed or made in England for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain;and to continue certain Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England', and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty Additional additional Duties upon Malt, was, according to Order, DutJ read the Third Time. Bill passed.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vis.

Pr. 9. 1. 8. To leave out from " privately" to " under" in 1. 10, and insert " within the Cities of London and " Westminster,

AJr.Frogatt's Petition relative to Sea-ford Election*

Time enlarged for Sir Godfrey Webster, &c. to enter into their Recognizances.

23° — 29° D

A. 1790;

" Westminsteror within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of u Mortality, and the Sum of " Four Pence Farthing for every " Barrel of Beer or Ale above " Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties of Excise)

" and not exceeding Eleven Shttlings (exclusive of such Duty)

" commonly called Table Beer,

" brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or " Persons who doth or shall sell " or tap out Beer or Ale publicly " or privately in England, Wales,

" or the Town of Benoick upon " Tweed, not within the said Cities of London or Westminster,

" nor within the Weekly Bills of " Mortality," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Frogatt, Esquire, Agent for Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Es-

quire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,. That Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, petitioned the House upon the loth Day of this Instant December, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex; and that,

by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve " in Parliament," the said Petitioners, or One of them, is required to enter into a Recognizance for prosecuting the said Petition, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of in the Manner therein mentioned, within Fourteen Days after presenting such Petition to the House, and the Time for entering into such Recognizance expires Tomorrow; and that, by a Resolution of the House, of the 11 th Day of February 1789, Notice is required to be given of the Time and Place appointed for enquiring into the Sufficiency of such Sureties, together with their Names, Additions, and Places of Abode, to the Sitting Member, or his known Agent; and that the Petitioner on Monday last gave Notice to Richard Paul Jodrell and John Sargent, Esquires, the Sitting Members for the said Town and Port, of the Names of the Sureties proposed on Behalf of Sir Godfrey Webster, and of the Time appointed by the Examiners to take the same into Consideration, and, pursuant to such Appointment, the Petitioner attended the said Examiners this Day, and produced the Recognizance of Sir Godfrey Webster, and of the Two Sureties residing in the County of Sussex,with the usual Affidavit of the Sure-

ties; and that the said Richard Paul Jodrell, Esquire, attended the said Examiners, and objected to the Notice being sufficient, aljedging that he was a Stranger to the Sureties, and had not had sufficient Time to examine into their Sufficiency, upon which the Examiners adjourned the Business until Tomorrow: And therefore praying, That the Time allowed for the said Petitioners, or either of them, to enter into the said Recognizance, may be enlarged.

Ordered, That the Time allowed for Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, and their Sureties, to enter into the said Recognizances, be enlarged, until Wednesday next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Papers relator Extracts of the Correspondence between the Govern- ingt0 the ments of Bengal and Madras, relating to the Attack of Tippoo Sultan on the Lines of Travancore. tan ordered.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the I,ouse to ad^ House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning Wednesday, next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to take into further Consideration the t^l'm-each-State in which the Impeachment of Warren Hastings, me„t0fMr. Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, was left at Hastings, the Dissolution of the last Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Peter Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Peter Burrell reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Peter Burrell accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read menu in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears. That an Impeachment by this House, in the Name of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, against Warren Hastings,

Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, for sundry High Crimes and Misdemeanors, is now depending.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after Two of the Clock on Friday Morning,

' adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ted of the Clock.

Mercurii, 29* die De

Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 1790.

Prayers.

MR. Stephens presented to the House, according Marine

to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Mutiny Bill Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same Presented* was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House to ad-House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday, the Second Day ,to of February next.

2d February*

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Hose Inclo-Lands and Estates within the Parish of Hose, in the sure Petition. County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Fields, and also several Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others; and that the Property in the said Open Fields lies intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, and also the said Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, are, in their present open

State,

The LorA» have agreed to

Bill to continue and amend Corn Indemnity Acts.

Malt Bill*

Additional Mall Duty Bill.

Assessed Taxes Duty Bill.

Distillery Duties, &c.

Bill*

Mr. Mae* bride’s Re* cognizance BUI.

HdhtoD

Return

amended*

29° Decembris.

137

State, incapable of being properly cultivated and improved; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Pochin, and Sir Thomas Cave, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graces and Mr. Earnes:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and amend so much of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and to the authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the

ing off the File the Indenture by which James Bland Burges and Charles Abbot, Esquires, are returned.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Free- Order for men of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lin- p°"*^enn^ coin, who petitioned this House upon the 14th Hay of Freemen of this Instant December, complaining of an undue Elec- Boston tion and Return for the said Borough, had not, nor discharged, had any or either of them, entered into a Recognizance, in respect of such Petition, according to the Directions of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of con-" troverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve " in Parliament."

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 14th Day of this Instant December, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 14th Day of June next, he discharged.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the Flouse, That Ham Timeeh-JVmtrop Mortimer, Esquire, who petitioned this House larged for upon the 10th Day of this Instant ,com>- ^er to enter

plaining of an undue Election and Return for the into his Re-Borough of otherwise in the cognizance

Importation thereof on the Low Duties; without any County of Dorset, had not entered into a Recog- respecting Amendment: And also, nizance in respect of such Petition, according to the £iec^on[y

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Directions of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the

Act for continuing and granting to Flis Majesty cer- Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for " for the further Regulation of the Trials of contro-.

" verted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve " in Parliament;" — But Mr. Speaker, at the same Time, acquainted the House, That Mr. s

Sureties were approved of by the Examiners on the 23d Day of this Instant December, and that Mr. Speaker had appointed the following Day for taking the Recognizance, but that, Mr. Speaker being then much indisposed.

upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one; without' any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

the

Recognizance

was not entered into in

Reason why due Time.

Ordered, That the Time for entering into such Recognizance be enlarged for Thirty Days.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the se- Accounts veral Papers and Accounts, which were presented to relating^ the House upon the 15th Day of this Instant Decern- ^np?ld7)ivi" her, by Mr. New land and Mr. Edwards (from the Go- R»nir vernorand Company of the Bank of England) and by to be printed. Mr. Wigglesworth (from the Office for auditing the

Public Accounts) relating to Balances of unpaid Dividends, and unclaimed Dividends, remaining in the Bank of England, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on it could not be done; which he believed to be the only the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of ~ the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors brewed or made in England for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain-, and to continue certain Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of Bri/w/t-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England-, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to give further Time to John Macbride, Esquire, and his Sureties, for entering into their Recognizances, in respect of his Petition presented to the House of Commons, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

House

House

to

of

The Deputy C16rk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Hellston, in the County of Cornwall, by tak- and Ninety-one: V o u 46.

A Message from Flis Majesty, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable attend His Majesty, immediately, in the Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one:

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred

Royal Assent to Bills.

N n

An

Mr. Speaker desired to print his Speech to the King.

Land Tax Commissioners Bill ordered.

> r r

138

An Act foi- granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt:

An Act tpr granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors brewed or made in England for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, therein mentioned:

An Act to continue and amend so much of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and to the authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, artd to prohibit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties:

An Act to give further Time to John Esquire, and his Sureties, for entering into their Recognizances in respect of his Petition presented to the House of Commons, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon:

An Act for making a new Road from Saint George's

o o

Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Turnpike Road,

in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Beal, otherwise Beaghall, and Kellingley, in the Parish of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Doveridge, alias in the County of Derby: *

An Act for naturalizing Christian Noordingh.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Mr. Speaker be desired to print the Speech by him made to His Majesty, in the House of Peers, this Day, upon his presenting to His Majesty several Bills for making good certain Supplies granted to His Majesty in this Session of Parliament; which Bills then received the Royal Assent.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land " Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyone:" And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Gilbert, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday, the ad Day of February next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

A. 1790.

The Speech of Mr. Speaker, this Day, upon Mr. Speaker* presenting to His Majesty several Bills for ^*e^nt0 making good certain Supplies granted to His 1 8‘ Majesty in this Session of Parliament; when they received the Royal Assent.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Your faithful Commons attend You! Majesty with sundry Bills of Supply, which they have passed for the Public Service.

A large Part of this Supply has been granted for the Purpose of carrying into Execution a Measure, the Principle of which has received the unanimous Approbation of Your Commons. Actuated by a generous and wise Policy, they have sacrificed the Considerations of temporary Convenience to those which arise from a just Regard to the permanent Interests of these Kingdoms. They have accordingly provided for the complete and speedy Discharge of the Ekpences recently incurred, in Support of the Honour and Dignity of Your Majesty’s Crown, and the Rights of Your Subjects, without any lasting Addition to thfe National Debt, or any Embarrassment to that System which has so effectually sustained and advanced the Public Credit of the Country.

Your Commons, Sire, are induced to hope, thak their Conduct on this Occasion will operate as a salutary Example to future Times; and that its immediate Effect will be to establish an universal Conviction of the internal Strength and copious Resources of this Country, and consequently to afford an additional Security for the Continuance of the Blessings of Peace. A Measure, which is the Result of such Motives, and which leads to such Consequences, Your Commons are persuaded, cannot fail to receive Your Majesty’s most gracious Approbation.

The Bills, which it is my Duty to present to Your Majesty, are severally intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by " a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-one:

" An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and " Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-one:

" An Act for granting to His Majesty additional " Duties upon Malt:

" An Act for granting to His Majesty additional " Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors " brewed or made in England for extracting Spirits for " Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland " and imported into England, and upon Foreign Spirits " imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain " Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several " Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there " used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to " His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for " better regulating the Exportation of made

" Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to " England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an " Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited " Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines " and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting " and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu " thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making " and vending of British Spirits:

" An Act for granting to His Majesty additional " Duties on the Amount of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of " Taxes, therein mentioned :"

To which Your Commons, with all Humility, desire Your Majesty’s Royal Assent.

29° Decem»

Norfolk Woolcomb-ers Petition.

Krobn's Nat. Petition.

Martinius and La Fontaine’s Nat. Petition.

Foreman’s

Nat.Petition,

Mercwii, 2* die Februarii;

Anno 3i# Georgii III*11 Regis, 1791. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Woolcotnbers, and Makers of Worsted Yarn, in the County of Norfolk, and City of Nonvich, and County of the same City, was'

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Yarns spun in the said County have of late Years greatly decreased in their Value, occasioned principally by the fraudulent Reeling thereof, and the Laws in being are insufficient for preventing such Frauds , and that by several Acts, made in the Seventeenth, Twenty-fourth, and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, divers Powers and Regulations have been established for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, and certain other Counties therein mentioned, which have a manifest Tendency to the Improvement of the said Manufactures within those Counties; and that, in Consequence of the Preference given to the Yarns of the several Counties for which the said Acts have been made, the Petitioners have great Reason to fear, that unless similar Powers and Regulations are given and established for the County of Norfolk and City of Norwich, and County of the same City, the said Manufactures within those Places will greatly decline, and with it the Employment and Support of numerous poor Persons: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn within the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, and County of the same City, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. William Windham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and ^Records.

A Petition of Jacob Krohn, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Nicholas Albert Martinius and James La Fontaine, was presented to the House, and read.; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, -according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Luke Foreman, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, - according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vol. 46.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Alconbmy thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors Inclosure of Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of Alconbury Petltloa-and Alconbury cum Weston, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Proprietors of the said Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Owners and Proprietors, in Proportion to their several Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner; and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Hinchingbrook and the Earl Ludlow do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Counter’* in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the ®"d8e Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing tion. the Highways from that Part of Counters Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow to the Powder Mills in the Road to St attics, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Tedington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road near Green Turnpike to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Betting forth, That the Petitioners, and other of the said Trustees, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the respective Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, but find that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall appear meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do.examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as jit shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Mam-waring, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the1 Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send dor Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for the staine* Care, Management, and Direction of the Repairs, Bridge Support, and Maintenance of the Bridge of Staines, Petition, and Egham Causeway, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, certain Persons therein nqnied, and their Successors,

A. 1791.

140 2° FebmariL

Successors, were appointed Commissioners for the Care, and dangerous, and if the Petitioners had Power given Management, and Direction of the Repairs, Support, them to pull down and remove certain Houses and and Maintenance of the Bridge of Staines, and Egham Buildings, and to open the Approach to Staines Bridge Causeway, under the Controul of and subject to such on the Middlesex Side thereof, it would be of great

Orders as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, public Utility and Advantage to all Persons travelling or Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal for the said Road: And therefore praying, That Leave the Time being, should, from Time to Time, think may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes fit to make; and that the Petitioners have, from Time aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations to Time, under the Controul and subject to the Or- and Restrictions, as to the House shall appear just and ders aforesaid, carried the said Acts into Execution, reasonable.

and have caused the said Bridge and Causeway to be Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the supported and maintained at a very considerable Ex- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-pence, and in effecting the same have incurred Debts mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it . to the Amount of £. 750, which are now due, on the shall appear to them, to the House:

Credit of the said Tolls and Duties; and that the said And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Bi/ng,

Bridge is narrow and incommodious, and so greatly &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at decayed, that, in the Opinion of able and experienced Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Workmen, the same ought to be taken down, and a Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, new Bridge built near the present Bridge, but, by an

Estimate made of the Expence thereof, it appears that A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Harlow and the Tolls and Duties, now payable for passing over Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Seventeenth Stump Cross

and under the present Bridge, will not be sufficient to Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Petl*

defray the Expence of erecting a safe and commodious oar of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing

Bridge, and to discharge the Money now owing on the nod widening the Road leading from a Place called

Credit of the said Tolls and Duties; and that, in or- Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the

der to enable the Petitioners to discharge the Debt County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great

now due on the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties, in the said County, was presented to the

and to build the said intended new Bridge, and to House, and read; Setting forth. That the Term of the

defray other contingent Expences, it will be necessary said Acts is near expiring, and a considerable Sum of

to raise a considerable Sum of Money: And there- Money is due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls au-

fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a thorized to be collected upon the Roads comprized in the

Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations said Acts, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads

and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet and effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless

expedient. the Term and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and that the Petitioners conceive it would be of public Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Convenience if the Course of such Part of the Road mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it comprized in the said Acts as leads from the Town of shall appear to them, to the House: Bishops Stortford to a Place called Palmers Water was

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng, varied, by carrying the same from opposite to a Field &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at called Common Down, through certain inclosed Lands,

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and and across the River St or I, in the Parishes of Bishops have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Re- Stortford and to communicate with the

cords. Road leading from Hockerill to Palmers I Pater Turn-

pike Gate: And therefore praying. That Leave may Hounslow A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Heath and pUt in Execution Three Acts, passed in the First and Powers of the said Acts, and for varying the Course of Road^Peti- Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think tion. George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign proper.

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Powder Mills on Houmkno Heath, in the County of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County shall appear to them, to the House: of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. Baker, Sec.: presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine . That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Money, Part of which remains still due, and is a Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Charge upon the Tolls arising within the Western

District of the said Road, and although the Money so A Petition of His Majesty’s distressed Subjects now York pebt-

borrowed, together with the Tolls, have been duly confined as Debtors in His Majesty’s Gaol the Castle or* Petition, applied, yet the said Roads cannot be effectually re- of York, in and fQr the County of York, was presented paired, and the Money still remaining due, and charge- to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, able on the Tolls of the Western District of the said and praying Relief.

Road repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the by the said Acts be continued and enlarged; and that Table, the Causeway and Road, called Egham Causeway,

leading from Staines Bridge to the Town of Egham, A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Stoke Ferry

in the County of Surrey, heretofore supported and're- an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Road* p«ti-

paired by the Commissioners appointed for managing present Majesty, for amending and widening several tion*

Staines Bridge, is intermixed with the Road included Roads leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the

in, and directed to be repaired by, the said recited County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and

Acts, and it is apprehended that the Repairs thereof read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have prO-

could be more conveniently carried on and completed if ceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have the same were added to, and made Part of, the Eastern borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit there-

District of the Road directed to be repaired by the said of, which, together with the Tolls authorized to be

Acts; and that the Road through the Town of Staines collected upon the said Roads, have been applied ac-

is obstructed by various Buildings, and incommodious cording to the Directions of the said Act, and great

Progress

SI Geo. III. 2° — 3°Feb 141

Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, but the Petitioners find the Produce of the present Toils are insufficient to keep the said Roads in Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Money bor-| rowed; and that the Term of the said Act is near

expiring, and all the Money borrowed as aforesaid still remains due, and also a large Arrear of Interest, which cannot be discharged, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the present Tolls are increased, and some of the Powers of the said Act altered and enlarged, and the Term of the said Act further continued;

and that a Piece of Road, of about Two Miles in Length, lying between Metkwold Warren House (being the Termination of One of the Branches of Road included in the said Act) and a certain Place called Devils Ditch (which divides the Parishes of Hockmld with Wilton and Weeting) in the Road leading from King's Lynn towards is in a ruinous Condition,

and cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and extending the same to the said additional Piece of Road, and for making such Increase in the present Tolls as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Buxton,

8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wellsbourn A Petition of the several Persons whose Names arc Momitfort thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act and Stratford pag^ in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s itad p«T Reign, for amending the Road from Wellsbourn tion. Mountfort to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of

Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the Road comprized in the said Act, in the doing whereof a large Debt hath been contracted, which cannot be paid off, nor can the Road be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Martin, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ross Roads A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Petition. Execution an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Boss, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a considerable Sum of Money is now due on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, unless die Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers given to the said Trustees, and the Peti-, doners submit to the House, whether it would not be proper to-lay an additional Toll upon Horses and You 46.

other Catde and Carriages passing upon the said Roads on Sundays, to be applied towards repairing the said Roads; and that die public Streets or Highways leading through the said Town of Ross, and communicating with the several Roads included in the said Act, , and also the Road from Coughton Chapel, through Coughton Street, to Dibdean, in die Parish of Walford, and from Weston’s Cross to N Stile, in the Parish of Weston under Penyard, and from Focle’s Green to Crow Hill, in the Parish of Upton Bishop, are. greatly out of Repair, and in many Parts narrow; and that the present Turning at the Corner of Hatter's in the said Town, is very inconvenient and dangerous for Carriages and Travellers, and, in order to render the same safe and commodious, it will be necessary to purchase and take down a certain Dwelling House, now in the Tenure or Occupation of John Sherman, Innholder, or a Part thereof, and to lay the Scite of the said House, or some Part thereof, into the Street, to be made Use of as a Public Highway; and that the amending the said Streets or Highways, and Roads, and rendering the Passage through the same sufficiently wide and convenient for Carriages and Travellers, will be a great Public Convenience: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for amending and widening the Curriage Way of the said Streets or Highways within the said Town, and also the new or additional Roads aforesaid, and rendering the same convenient and safe for Carriages and Passengers, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition lie referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. WahcynMr. Plumer, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Land Tax a Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Exe- ^0"Ugjj| cution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, ponied!

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a " Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the "Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-one And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into' a Committee of the whole Means de-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ^erred-raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply de-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ferred’ to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 3* die Februarii;

Anno 31* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Okehamptou the Petition of John St.Lqger and titions°con*

and also, the Petition of John William Anderson, Esquire, »idered.

O o , and

1

t

142

3# Februarii.

A. 1791.

and John Tcmnson, Esquire; and also, the Petition plied with; and that the Committee had examined the of Thomas Bridgman Luxmoore, John Caddkng, Noah Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to re-

Cartwright, and John Lane; and also, the Petition' port the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and of William Sprague, Thomas Heanes, William Earle the he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-Younger, and the several other Persons, whose vered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Karnes are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members read; and is as followeth; viz.

4o serve in Parliament for the Borough of Okehampton,

ki the County of Devon, complaining of an undue *

Election and Double Return for the said Borough, being

come; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at or near Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar And Petitions. that Mr. David Scott and Mr. Callander do prepare, and

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker bring in, the same, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require

A

a

the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Eighteen Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Forty-nine Member?, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Martiniusand Order, a Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Albert Martinius F<mtame’* and James La Fontaine: And the same was received; 8e„tgd 1 pre* and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Luke Esquire: And the same was received; the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

according Foreman’s Foreman, Nat. Bill pre-and read sented*

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Tadcaster Into Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Common Fields, Common Jngs, Stinted Pasture, Com- *

Names, the Names of Eleven other Members, mon> and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of then present, were drawn, and set aside, Ten as caster, in the County of York, and County of the City being Members against whose Returns Petitions of Fork: And the same was received; and read the - b First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

l o

were depending; and One as being a Peti-

Names of Officers of Independent Companies, ordered.

tioner, complaining of an undue Election and Return.

N And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for Mr. Anderson and Mr. Tawnson nominated Charles Small Pt/6«j, Esquire; and the Counsel for Mr. St. Leger and Mr. Ladbroke nominated the Right honourable Thomas Pelham to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel, the Door of the House was opened; and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Names of the Officers employed to raise Independent Companies, specifying their respective Ranks before they undertook the Levy, and the Ranks they were to receive upon the Completion of it; and also specifying such Officers as were taken from Half Pay.

Poultry Compter Debtors Petition.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Poultry Compter, within the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Krobn’s Nat. Bill presented.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jacob Krohn: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Montrose Mr. David Scott reported from the Committee, to Bridge Peti- whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and twn reported. 'j'own Council of the Borough of Montrose, and of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Forfar, in North Britain, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relative to Bills for erecting Bridges, had been com-

A Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Land Tax Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, CommisAn Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land commit^d " Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyone," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 17th Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members to Members of this House, do prepare Lists, fairly written, prepare Lists of the Names of Commissioners for executing the said 'a\oQe°raiS Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for Names, which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at Length.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions of the Resolutions House, of the 31st Day of May 1786, relative to deli- relativetode-vering in Lists of Commissioners for executing any Land Tax Act, might be read. ’r

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That for the future every List of Commissioners for executing any Land Tax Act shall " be delivered in signed by the Member delivering in the same, that the said List be carefully kept by the Officer to whom the same shall be intrusted, and that no Person whatever do presume to make any Alteration in such List, without the Order of this House, or of a Committee thereof.

" Resolved, That every Member, delivering in such list, shall, at the Time of the Delivery thereof sign and deliver a Duplicate thereof, which Duplicate shall be kept upon a File, open to the Inspection of any Member of this House."

The

31 Geo. III.

3° Februarii.

143

Committee , The House was moved, That an Act, made in it hath been found by Experience that the said on the Exe- the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Harbour is ineffectual to the Purposes for which the cution of the |^|ajegty j^g George the Second, intituled, " An said Act of Parliament was passed, in as much as it HutworAct. " Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour would be unsafe for any Vessel, in violent Storms,

1 " of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and to attempt to get into the said Harbour, and at all

" preserving the Haven of Sandwich," might be Times it is useless to Ships of large Tonnage; and read. that, by the said Act, Vessels belonging to certain

And the same being read accordingly; Ports therein mentioned are exempted from the Rates

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire and Duties by the said Act imposed, although those

into the Manner in which the said Act has been carried Vessels, being small in their Tonnage, derive all the

into Execution, what Rates and Duties have been Benefit that can be obtained by the Use of the said

imposed, and what Sums of Money have been collected Harbour, which is calculated solely for the Reception

by virtue thereof, and to what Purposes such Money of Vessels of small Tonnage; and that the Duties

has been applied; and to report the same, with their collected in the Port of by virtue of the said

Observations thereupon, to the House: Act, do amount to the Sum of 10,000, or there- ,

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Alderman abouts, Annis, being at the Rate of Two-

Curtis, Mr. Church, Mr. Watson, Mr. Alderman thirds of the whole Collection, although Ships or Sawbridge, Sir Wat kin Zeroes, Mr. Minchin, Mr. Main- Vessels going to, or coming from, that Port, cannot,

waring, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Grey, the Lord Beauchamp, by Reason of their Size, in general derive any Ad-

Mr. Trecanion, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Chancellor of the vantage by the Use of the said Harbour; and that

Exchequer, Mr. Steele, Mr. Rose, Mr. Smith, Mr. the Sums collected in respect to the said Rates and

Baker, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Jackson, Duties have far exceeded the Expenditure in erecting

the Lord Hood, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Martin, Mr. Webb the Works in and about the said Harbour, and Mr. Erskine, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Palk, Mr. Hobart, maintaining the same, and other Outgoings, and have

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Call, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Fox, Mr. Pitt, enabled the Trustees, out of the Savings, to lay out

Mr. Hussey, Sir James Pemtyman, Mr. Phelips, Mr. a considerable Sum in the Public Funds, over and Bramston, Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Bluckburne, besides a very large Balance of Cash, which has been Mr. Bastard, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir William Dolben, Mr. from Time to Time left in the Hands of the several Wilberforce, Mr. Rolk; and all the Members who serve Treasurers; and that, in as much as many Ships, for the Counties of Middlesex, Northumberland, Dur whfeh by the said Act are charged with the said ham, York, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Kent, Rates or Duties, cannot use, or derive any Advantage Sussex, Hants, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Gla- from, the said Harbour, and that many Vessels, which toorgan, Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Merioneth, by the said Act are exempted from the said Rates Carnarvon, Anglesea, Flint, Denbigh, (Chester, Lancas- or Duties, do derive an Advantage by the Use ter, Westmoreland, and Cumberland, the Cinque Ports, of the said Harbour, and that the Monies already, and City of London; and all the Gentlemen of the Long invested in Public Securities, and the Monies now Robe, Officers of the Navy, and Merchants in the House: remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer, together

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of with a reasonable Duty to be imposed on Vessels the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power actually using the said Harbour, or which can have to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who the Use thereof, would be amply sufficient to defray come to the Committee are to have Voices. all the Expences in maintaining the said Harbour in

A Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of every Respect: Therefore praying, That the House the Port of London, was presented to the House, and will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant read; Setting forth. That by virtue of an Act, made the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Petition re* lating to Ramsgate Harbour.

Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining thp Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Samhcich, Power was given to Trustees to settle and impose the several Rates and Duties therein mentioned on Ships, Vessels, and Crayers, coming to, going from,

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Okehampton returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the Election said Committee delivered in to the House One of the ap^^ted*

and passing by, Ramsgate, or coming into the Har- said Lists, w'hich had been struck by the said Counsel

bour there, which' Rates and Duties were to be applied towards _the enlarging, building, finishing,

other

in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, to which last mentioned List the Names of Charles Small Pybus, Esquire, and the Right honourable Thomas Pelham being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Barker Church, Esquire, Joseph Holden Strutt,

_ . O’

and maintaining Ramsgate Harbour, and for Purposes, and Power was also given to the said

Trustees to raise a Sum not exceeding £. 70,000, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties, by Way of Annuities for Lives, or Mortgages of the said Rates or Duties, at Interest; and that, by virtue of Esquire, Richard Muilman Trench Chiswell, Esquire, the said Act, a Rate or Duty Of Six Pence per Ton Thomas Coxhead, Esquire, the Lord Viscount Weymouth, on all Ships and Vessels not exceeding 300 Tons, John Shaw Stewart, Esquire, the Earl of Burford, and of Two Pence per Ton on all Ships exceeding Esquire, Esquire,

300 Tons, and of Three Pence for each Ton of Pierrepont, Esquire, Lawrence Palk, Esquire, Richard Stone, and each Chaldron of Coals, were settled and Glover, Esquire, Gerard Lake, Esquire, Charles Small imposed by the said Trustees, and large Sums of Pybus, Esquire, the Right honourable Thomas -Money, to the Amount of many Hundred thousand ham.

Pounds, have been collected and received, in respect And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select to the said Rates and Duties; and that out of the Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition Monies collected and received by virtue of the said of John St. Leger and Robert Ladbroke; and also of the Act, large Sums have been expended in erecting Petition of John William Anderson1, Esquire, and John Piers and other Works in and) about the Harbour Tozvnson, Esquire; and ako of the Petition of Thomas at Ramsgate, with a View to make the said Harbour Bridgman Luxmoore, John Cadding, Noah Cartwright, useful for the Preservation of Ships and Vessels, in and John Lane; and also of the Petition of William case of their being detained in the Downs by con- Sprague, Thomas Heanes, William Earle the Younger, traiy Winds, and exposed to violent Storms; but and the several other Persons whose Names are there-V o i. 46* unto

144 3°- — 4° Febr A. 1791.

unto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Mr. Dickins Francis Diclans, Esquire, being chosen a Knight of meets for the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the ^orthamp- County of Northampton, and also a Burgess for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, made his Election to serve for the said County of Northampton.

Cambridge Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, in the room of the said Francis Dickins, Esquire.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Bill to pro- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Custod* ^nd Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Employment "hole House, upon the Bill to provide for the Custody of Oflenders, and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for deferred. the Regulation of the Places in which‘such Offenders may be confined.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 4° die Februarii;

Anno 31* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1791.

Prayers. (

Foreman T UKE FOREMAN took the Oaths appointed, in worn. J-i order to his Naturalization.

Westminster The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Election Pe- the Petition of John Home Tooke, Esquire, complaining ^d°njrm" the undue Election and Return of Lord Hood and 81 er ' the Right honourable Charles James Fox, for the City of Westminster, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to tiy and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Thirteen Members being present;

And the Counsel being called in;

The Petitioner, and his Counsel and Agent, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Lord Hood, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Mr. Fox, appeared at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Counsel for the said Sitting Members respectively informed the House, that the Sitting Members were separate Parties, and appeared on distinct Interests, and therefore they desired to separate in their Defence.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner making no Objection thereto, the House proceeded to the Appointment of the said Select Committee, as in the Case of there

being more than Two Parties on distinct Interests before the House.

Then the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The names of all the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Name of the Earl of Lisburne was drawn, who, having been sworn at the Table, that he was Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Forty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside, Four on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn);

Thirteen against whose Election Petitions were depending; One as being a Petitioner complaining of an undue Election and Return;

Ten as then serving on Select Committees;

One on Account of his having, in this Session, served on a Select Committee; Seventeen as having voted at the Election; and Two on Account of their Returns to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Petitioner, and the Counsel and Agents, withdrew.

A Petition of William Case, Esquire, Mayor of the King’s Lynn Town and Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Pavujg Peti-Norfolk, and others, whose Names are thereto subscribed, tl0D‘ Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, public Passages, and Ways, of and within the said Town and Borough, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are also very narrow and incommodious from many Nuisances and Annoyances, Projections and Encroachments; and that it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to all Persons residing in, and resorting to, the said Town, if the said Streets, and public Passages and Ways, were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and all Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein removed, and if a regular Watch was established in the Night Time: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town and Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, and for altering and improving the Streets, Lanes, public Passages, and Ways, within the said Town and Borough, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Walpole, Mr. Henry Hobart,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace Southampton assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Gaol Peti-Peace for the County of Southampton, and of the tioD* Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the said County of Southampton,whose Names are thereunto

subscribed,

Si Geo. Ill* 4°145

subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; for that a Pack of Hounds is as much a Criterion of Setting forth, That a Gaol or Prison, and also a Bride- Opulence, as a splendid Equipage, or a Number of well, have teen lately erected and built for the said menial Servants, and although the Number of them County; and that, by the Laws now in being, the in the Kingdom is too small to promise any material Alagistrates of the said County ore not possessed of Assistance to the Exchequer, by becoming the Object sufficient Power or Authority to establish Regulations of a Public Tax, the same Objections do not apply to for the due and wholesome Management of the said subjecting them to a Parochial Assessment: That it Prison and Bridewell: And therefore praying, That cannot be doubted but that the Gentlemen who keep Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the bettei* Packs of Hounds would readily contribute, on that and more effectual regulating and managing the same, Account, to the further Relief of the Poor, as it is in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the notorious that, where many Dogs are kept, the Prices House shall seein meet. of several necessary Articles of Life are greatly in-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the creased, and in particular Sheeps Heads, and other Consideration of a Committee: And that they do inferior Pieces of Butchers Meat, which formerly made examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as dn essential Part of the Afaihtenance of the Poor, are it shall appear to them, to the House. now so increased in Price as to be vastly beyond their

And it is referred to Mr. Sluane, Sir William Heath- Reach, and are sold only for the Kennels of their cote, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday opulent Neighbours: That it appears to the Peti-

Aforning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s tioners, that no Description of Persons could complain Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, with Justice of this Tax, as the Payment of it will and Records. depend on the Will and Choice of every Individual:

That there is no Business or Calling to which many Warwick- A Petition of certain Freeholders of the County of Dogs are necessary; that Farmers and Shopkeepers shirePetition Wancick, and of Inhabituius of the Town of Aulcester, require but few, and that, contrary to the Nature of

D«g$ 4X0,1 anc* the Neighbourhood, in the said County, was pre- all other Taxes, they would be reimbursed by a presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That portional Diminution of the Poors Rates in the Pay-the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House ment made for their Dogs, independent of the ad-their earnest Desire, that the Aleasure so often pro- ditional Security which, in common with all other posed, and so long wished for, of a Tax upon Dogs, Persons, they would derive from it to their Persons may meet with the serious Consideration of the Legis- and Properties; and that the Petitioners, having stated lature: That the Petitioners have lately had their their Reasons for desiring the above Measure to take Attention particularly called to this Subject by the Place, will now submit the Mode which they think alarming Increase of Mad Dogs in that Part of Eng- the most eligible of carrying it into Effect, and they land where they reside, whereby several of their Neigh- are induced to do this the more, because they are bours are now suffering under Apprehensions of an credibly informed that many Persons, who have ap-' Evil exceeded by none to which Human Nature is proved the Principle of the Regulation, doubt the liable, and for which no effectual Remedy has yet been Practicability of carrying it into Execution: That it discovered, while, others have been reduced to the appears to the Petitioners that the Overseers of the Necessity of destroying Horses and Cattle of con- Poor, when they make their Annual Easter Rate, siderable Yralue, to prevent a further Communication should be authorized to call on all Householders to of this Mischief, and the Petitioners are of Opinion, give in the Number and Description of all Dogs kept that no preventive Means can be so effectual against by them or by Persons lodging in their Houses — That this Evil as the subjecting the Ow ner of every Dog to every Householder shall be liable to a Penalty if he a Parochial Tax, which, by checking the Maintenance neglects or refuses to obey this Precept — That the said of unnecessary Dogs, may at the same Time promote Overseer shall then add to the Easter Assessment such the interior Police of the Country, and provide a new Rates as the House shall direct to be paid for every Fund for the Relief of the Poor: That the Multipli- Dog, or Pack of Hounds, as the case shall be — That cation of Dogs in the Houses of the Poor, where there the Householder shall, in the First Instance, be answer-is seldom much Air, and less Attention to Cleanliness, able to the Parish for all the Dogs which are kept is very injurious to their Health, and that, if the In- under his Roof, with Power to him, in the Second, to crease of Dogs be as rapid in future as it has been of compel all Lodgers to refund the Money he may be late Years, every Species of Game must propor- in Advance for their Dogs, if they shall refuse to do tionably decline in tills Kingdom: That, in particular, so — That the whole Money so assessed shall make Part the Law, subjecting the Owner of every Dog employed of the First Payment after , and shall be deemed in the Destruction of the Game to a Penalty of£. 5, will an Exemption for all Dogs so assessed till* the Easter become a dead Letter, as where every even the poorest following — That if, in the Course of the ensuing Houses contain several Dogs, it is impossible to estab- Year, any Person shall increase the Number of his Jish the Fact of Ownership necessary to a Conviction; Dogs, he shall, within Six Weeks, give Notice thereof That the Petitioners have Reason to believe, that the to the Overseers of the Poor in the Parish where he being allowed to keep Dogs is what seduces so many resides, and tender Payment for the same, or, in Deyoung Labourers and Artizans to engage in the Busi- fault thereof, shall become liable to a Penalty or ness of Poaching, and, if the Instruments of Poaching Surcharge — That the Dogs of all wandering Persons were rendered more expensive, or, in other Words, shall be liable to Seizure by the Peace Officers of any they were compelled to pay for their Dogs, they might Parish through which they may go, unless they shall be reclaimed to Habits of Industry, or at least more tender Payment for the same, or prove, by Receipt easily detected in their unlawful Practices, when every of the Churchw'ardens of the Parish where they are Dog becomes the Subject of a Parochial Enquiry and settled, that they have already paid for the Dogs in Assessment; That the Petitioners would see with Question — That all Disputes arising in the Execution double Pleasure this Effect of the preventive Means of the Law proposed, shall be decided in a summary which they suggest, if the severer Part of the Game Way by the Justices of the District, except in such Laws should become thereby unnecessary, as their special Cases as may be reserved by the House for the Want of Efficacy, and the notorious Diminution of Determination of the Quarter Sessions; and that the the Game, seem to shew that other Measures are Petitioners beg Leave to repeat their Conviction, that necessary to be adopted: That the Petitioners wish in the above Regulations, when improved and matured another Point of View for an Assessment upon Dogs, by the Wisdom of the House, will prevent all Diffi-Vol. 46. P p culties

1


1

1

Wellsbourn Mountfort and Stratford upon Avon Road Petition reported.

Deretend and Bordesley Streets Petition.

culties in the Execution, except such as all new Taxes dize, were put under propel1 Regulations, and the are liable to* until Time and Experience have ren- Behaviour of the Owners and Drivers thereof properly dered them easy and familiar; and that the Inter- restricted: And therefore praying, That Leave may Mention of a Common Informer is, in this Instance, be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several unnecessary, and the Business being local in its Nature, Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and by and the Object of it to administer Relief to the Suffer- such Ways and Means, as the House shall think ings of the Poor, by a smnll Charge on the Amuse- proper.

meats and Luxuries of the Rich, they entertain the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the most sanguine Expectations that Neighbours will incur Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-no Odium while they vie with each other to carry so amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it benevolent a Purpose into full Execution. shall appear to them, to the House:

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the And it is referred to Sir George Augustus JViUiatn Table. Shuckburgh, Mr. Call, See.: And they are to meet upon

Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Sir George Augustus Wiliam Shuckburgh reported Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Per-from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the sons, Papers, and Records, several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

being Trustees under an Act passed in the Tenth Year a Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Great Kine-of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the of the Open and Commonable Land and Ground, ton inclosure Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort to Stratford upon within the Manor and Parish of Great Kineton, other- PeUtion-Avon, in the County of W irwick,was referred; That wise Kington, in the County of Warwick, called Great the Committee bad examined, and found that the Kineton Field, was presented to the House, and read j Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April Setting forth, That the said Open and Commonable 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied Land and Ground lies intermixed and dispersed in with; and that the Committee bad examined the small Parcels, subject to frequent Trespasses, and much Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to Inconvenience, and in its present Situation is in-report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; capable of any considerable Improvement, and it artel he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards would be very advantageous to all the Owners and delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Proprietors thereof, if such Land and Ground was yaft read; and is as followeth; viz. divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allot-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said ted unto and amongst them, according to their several Act was read: And, Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying,

Court Denies, Esquire,' being examined, said, That That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for oousiderable Progress hath been made in repairing the dividing and inclosing the said Open and Corn-said Roads, in doing which a large Debt hath been monable Land and Ground, in such Manner, and contracted — That the Money borrowed cannot be re- under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem paid, nor the Roads effectually amended and kept meet

ia Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is en- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, larged- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Ordered, Thai Leave be given to bring in a Bill to en- Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh and Sir Robert large the Term of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the same, die Reign of His present Majesty,. for amending the

Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort to Stratford upon Avon, The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order for re-

in the County of Warwick :And that Sir George Augus- the 16th Day of December last, for referring the Peti- ferrin8 *el* jus William Shuckburgh and Sir Robert Lawley do pre- tion of the several Persons, whose -Names are there- °*

pare, and bring in, the same. unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Petition, dis-

.. ancient Common Right Houses, and Frontsteads, charged, and

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of ordered,

of the Hamlets of Deretend and Bordesley, in the Parish torit in the West Riding of the County of York, to the of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Consideration of a Committee, might be read, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of And the said Order was read accordingly,

themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Ham- And the House being informed, That the Expence

lets, was presented to the House, and read; Setting attending the Drainage and Embankment of the forth, That the great Road, leading from Birmingham Lands to be divided and inclosed was not proposed towards London, extends through the high Streets of to be levied by Tolls or Duties upon the Parties the said Hamlets; that the Trade and Popularity of interested *

the said Hamlets are greatly increased, and several Ordered, That the Order for referring the said Pe-

new Streets have been lately laid open and erected tition to the Consideration of a Committee he dis-therein, by Reason whereof a greater Number of Carts charged.

and Carriages are now used there than formerly, in Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, conveying Goods and Merchandize; and that the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Hamlets, Mr. WUbetforce. and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and are not properly cleansed, lighted, or watched, and bring in, the same, are subject to various Irregularities, Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, and it Ordered, That there be laid before this Mouse, an Account of

would be greatly to the Benefit and Convenience of Account of the Balance of unpaid Dividends and unpaid Divide Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the Lottery Certificates, remaining in the Bank of England ^r3^c*

said Hamlets, and others resorting thereto, if the on the 8th Day of January 1791.

Streets Lanes, Ways, and Passages thereof, were

properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the Sur- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of

faces of the Streets kept upon a proper Level, and all Account of Arrears of all Dividends issued by Govern- Amur*

Nuisances, Irregularities, Annoyances, Obstructions, ment to the Bank of England, for Payment to the the

and Encroachments, therein, removed, and prevented Public Creditors, from the Original Establishment of Bankor-

in future, and if Carts and Carriages* used in the said the Bank to 31st December 1787, which remained unpaid dered.

Hamlets for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchan. on 31st December 1790.

7 The

Account of Reduction of National Debt pre-aented.

31 Geo. III.

The House being informed that Mr. Newkmd, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account from the Bank of England, of the Receipt and Expenditure of £. 1,220,211. 14 6d. in

One Year, from February 3d 1790 to January 31st 1791, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of £.305,875, to be applied in the Quarter between the 1st of February and the 1st of May 1791.

147

Mr. Newland also, from the Governor and Company Account of of the Bank of England, presented to the House, ptir-suant to their Order, presented.

An Account of the Balance of unpaid Dividends and Lottery Certificates, remaining in the Bank of England on the 8th Day of January 1791.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The last of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other of the said Accounts is as followeth; viz.

4° Februarri.

t

Vol. 40,

An

g

cq'

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

°S-

ft

If

e.2.

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.1,220,211. 14. 6. in Ode Year, from February 3d 1790 to January 31st 1791. by the Commissioners appointed by 26thof

Geo. III. for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Dr

The said Commissioners with the Governor and Compant of the Bank of England-

C'*:

To Cash paid for the following Stock purchased as the Act

directs;

Capital Stock.

591,250 Consol* 3 per Cent. Ann* 640,150 Reduc’d Ann* Consol'* -177,200 Old South Sea Ann* 141,700 New South Sea Ann* 37,200 £.3 per Cent Ann* 1751

£. 1,587,500 The Interest on which is £.47,625 per - — — Annum.

Bank of England, 4 February 1791.

£. s. d.

455,733 7 —

489,003 18 9

135,987 6 3

110,319 ——

29,168 2 6

,220,211 14 6

By Cash received at sundry Times; viz'.

From the Exchequer, being Four Quarterly Issues ——

For 6 M" Int. on 2,150,000 Consol* 3 per Cent. Ann*, due 5th Janrjr 1790 D° - - - 650,000 New South Sea Ann’ - - - - 1)° -

D* - - - 201,000 £.3 per Cent. Ann*, 1751 - - D* -

D* - - - 1,250,000 Reduc’d Ann* Consol*, due 5 April 1790

D* - - - 955,000 Old South Sea Ann* - - D° -

D° - - - 2,435,000 Consol* 3 per Cent. Ann*, due 5 July 1790

D* - - - 725,500 New South Sea Ann* - - - D* -

D* - - - 227,000 £.3 per Cent. Ann', 1751 - - D* -

D* - - - 1,625,000' Reduc’d Ann* Consol*, due 10 Oct' 1790 D* - - - 1,020,000 Old South Sea Ann* - - D* - -

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Ann’, on Lives payable at the Exchequer, and unclaimed for 3 Years, before the 5th Jan'* 1790 -

D* - - - being the Amount of Ann* on Lives expired between the

5th Jan'x 1786 and 5th Jan,y 1790;

Anno

1745 .....474 ——

1746 - -- 1,612 — —

1757.....- 2,143 10 —

1778 .....- 65 — —

1779 .....309 — —

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Annuity 1777 - -

£ . * d.

1,000,000 ——

32,250 ——

9.750 ——

3,015 ——

18,750 ——

14,325 ——

36,525 ——

10,882 10 —

3,405 ——

24,375. ——

15,300 ——

22,030 14 6

4,603.10 —

25,000 ——

1,220,211 14 6

By Cash received at sundry Times, to be applied in the Quarter between the 1st of February , and the 1st of May 1791; viz'.

1791. £

D* - - 785,000 New South Sea Ann* - — -

D® - - 240,000 £.3 per Cent Ann* 1751 - -

From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue

A% Nacland, Chief Cashier-

I)*

D*

1791 40,500

11,775 3,600

250,000

£ 305,875

QCi

Ferbudrii. ' A. 1791.

Account of Arrears of Dividends issued to the Bank, presented.

Barston and Plunger Inclosure Petition.

Westminster

Election

Committee

appointed.

31 Geo. III. 4° Februarii. 149

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the last of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Edwards, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Arrears of all Dividends issued by Government to the Bank of England for Payment to the Public Creditors, from the original Establishment of the Bank to 31st December 1787, which remained unpaid on 31st December 1790.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, within the Parishes of Barston, otherwise Barkesione, and in the County of

Leicester, was presented to the' House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, which adjoin to each other, several Open Fields, and also several Common Pastures, Meadows, Woods, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others; and that the Property in the said Open Fields lies intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, and also the said Common Pastures, Meadows, Woods, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, are, in their present open State, incapable of being properly cultivated and improved, but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Fields, Common Pastures, Meadows, Woods, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Sir Thomas Cave do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Petitioner, and the Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the Lists, which had been struck, and acquainted the House that the Petitioner having waived his Right of striking off Names from the said List, he, the said Clerk, had struck the said List in the Place of the said Petitioner, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, -intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the " Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," by striking out the Name which was First in the List when it came to his Turn; and that the Order of such Striking having been determined by Lot, the Counsel for Lord Hood had struck the said List in the First Place, the Counsel for Mr. For in the Second Place, and he the said Clerk in the Third Place; and he also delivered in a new List of the Thirteen Names then remaining unstruck; which was read; and is as follows;

Sir John Ingilby, Baronet, Mark Pringle, Esquire,

Vol. 46.

John Pitt, Esquire, the Marquis of Worcester, the Honourable Major General Bruce, William Pochin, Esquire, the Honourable John Eliot, the Earl of jort, Hugh Barbie, Esquire, William Grieve, Esquire, the Lord Viscount Bayham, Thomas Powys, Esquire, Thomas Thompson, Esquire.

Thereupon the Petitioner, and the said Counsel and Agents, withdrew.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act made " in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act " to regulate the Trials of controverted Ejections, or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the Thirteen Members being withdrawn, in order to chuse Two Members then present in the House to be added to the said List of Thirteen;

The Door of the House was locked until the Return of the said Thirteen Members.

And the said Members being returned;

The said Petitioner, and the Counsel and Agents, were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk, appointed to attend the said Select Committee, informed the House that the said Thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen Matthew Montagu, Esquire, and Thomas Grenville, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And the said Mr. Grenville having informed the House that h$ voted at the said Election, his Name was set aside.

And thereupon the said Petitioner, and the Counsel and Agents, and the said Thirteen Members, again withdrew.

And being again returned;

The said Clerk informed the House that the said Thirteen Nembers had, by themselves, chosen the Lord Sheffield to serve on the said Select Committee.

And the Names of the said Matthew Es-

quire, and the Lord Sheffield, were added to the said List of Thirteen Members.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Horne Tooke, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Petitioner, and the Counsel and Agents, withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the African Slave Trade;

Ordered, That the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Parliament, relating to the African Slave Trade, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence taken in the last Parliament, respecting the said Trade, together with all Reports, Accounts, and Papers, which were laid before the House relating thereto, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Q q Mr.

Committee on Slave Trade.

Petitions referred.

Minutes of

Evidence,&c.

referred.

4" — 7° Februarii.

A. 1791.

Committee

apppointed

to examine

Witnesses

respecting

the Slave

Trade.

Mr. Edward James Eliot accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that, in order to facilitate the Progress of this Committee in the Matters referred to them, the House will be pleased to appoint a Select Committee for the Purpose of taking the Examination of such Witnesses as shall be ordered by the House to attend the said Committee of the whole House; and to report the Minutes of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the House.

And Mr. Edward James Eliot moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That, in order to facilitate the Progress of the said Committee in the Matters referred to them, a Select Committee be appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination of such Witnesses as shall be ordered by the House to attend the said Committee of the whole House; and to report the Minutes of such Examination, from Time tp Time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Bastard,

Mr. John Eliot, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. , Mr. burne, Mr. Carew, Mr. Wig Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Watson, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Mr.

Smith, Mr. Sot heron,the Lord Belgrade, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Tarleton, Mr. Edmund Bastard, Mr. Tud-way, Mr. Gascoyne, Nr. Cocks, Mr. Fox, Sir William

rington, Sir James St. Clair Erskine, Mr. Edwards, General Burgoyne, Mr. Gregor, Mr. Grey, Mr. Gordon, Mr

Ordered, That Mr. Maury Tmnc do also attend the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Way* and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^r^8dt* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mona- Supply fle-ing next, resolve kself into a Committee of the whole »err*d-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, V die Februarii;

Anno 31* Georgii III. U Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

ATI C HO LAS Albert Martinius, James La Fontaine, Martinius,

" ' and Li/i/iA Tiff1 t nn Ir iLn d A r* tL n «-» r-\ n m n f«1 jj Ijfl F OTtilllCj

and Kroha, sworn.

and Jacob Krokn, took the Oaths appointed, order to their Naturalization.

A Gill for naturalizing Jacob Krohn, was read a Krohn’s Nat. Second Time. Bill commit-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John ted‘ Gamon?Sir Henry Hoghton, Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Jekyll, Pitt, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c: And they are to meet

Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Hill, Mr. John Ivgilby, Sir Wat kin this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Lewes, Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier, Sir Edward Little- Chamber.

ton, Sir James Tylney Long, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Martin, the Lord Muncaster, Sir Horace Marni, Mr. Matthew Montagu, Mr. Peirse, the Earl of Marnington, Mr. Milnes, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr. Payne, Mr.

Pulteney, Mr- Rooke, Mr. Stuart, the Lord Sheffield, the

A Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Albert Martinius Martinius and James La Fontaine, w as read a Second Time. and La Fon-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Nat-Pitt, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet I", commit*

a.i a a*.____ ikn *1__c_____1__» vcu*

j :>-1

Lord Shuldham, Mr. Summer, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Alder- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s man Sawbridge, Mr. Simcoe, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Van- Chamber.

sit tart, Mr. Whitbread, the Marquis of Worcester, Mr, Serjeant Watson, Mr. Call, Mr. Cuss, Mr. Thompson, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Balfour, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Sir tyilliam Dolben; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Kent, Sussex, Hants, Dorset, Devon, Somerset, Gla-

t/iorgan, Carmarthen, Pembi oke, Cardigan, Merioneth, Carnarvont, Anglesey, Flint, Denbigh, Chester, Lancaster,

Westmoreland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee ^re to have Voices.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Five bp the Quorum of the said Com-t mittee.

Mr. Edward James Eliot also acquainted the House, Thqt he was directed by the said Committee of the whole House to move, that they may have Leave to ait t^gain.

Resolved, That this, House will, upon this Day Fort-

A Bill for naturalizing Luke Foreman, Esquire, was Foreman’* read a Second Time. Nat. Bill

Resolved \That the Bill be committed to Mr. John eawmitted. Pitt, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Kippax thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Incloaure others, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cot- Petili0B-tages, Lands, and Estates, within the Manor and Township of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor and Township several Common Town Fields, by Estimation 400 Acres, a Common Stinted Pasture, called The Town Close, containing, by Estimation, 178 Acres, and a Common or Waste, called The Hollings, containing, by Estimation, 127 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the respective Proprietors in the said Common Fields lie dispersed and intermixed with each other, and the said Common Stiuted Pasture, called The Town Close, and the said Common or Waste, called night, the 18th Day of this Instant February, resolve The Mailings, in their present Situation, are of little itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Value to the said Proprietors, but that, if the same further of the African Slave Trade. were divided and inclosed, it would be very advanta-

geous to all the Parties interested therein: And there-SewalPer- Ordered, That lieutenant Storey do attend the Com- fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill oattoattend mittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to con- to divide and inclose the said Open Fields, Common Committee gjjgj. Qf African Slave Trade. Stinted Pasture, and Common or Waste, and for other

Ordered, That Lieutenant Simpson do also attend the Purposes to be therein contained, as to the House shall

on Slave Trade.

said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Said Committee,

seem meet.

Claxton do also attend the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BUI,

2 pursuant

1

31 ’Ge®. III. 7° Febrwani.

151

pursuant to 'the Fifcyur'flf thes&id Petition: And ‘that Acts, made in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of the Mr. Wilberforce «nd ‘Mr. Buncombe do ‘prepare, and Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and bring in, <the same. the Third Year of the Reign of "His present Majesty,

for repairing the Road ‘from Fyffild, in the County of Leven Ioclo- A Petition of William Bethell, Esquire, Lord of the Berks, to John's Bridge, in the County of GIqu-

doure-Pati- Manor of Leven, in the East Riding of the County of cester, and from an Inn, called The Hind's Head, in the tl0°- York, and a Proprietor of certain Open and Uninclosed Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of

Lands there, Jiereinafter mentioned, the Reverend Beths, to that Part of Newbridge which Stands in the Richard Gee, Rector 'Of >Leven aforesaid, and Lord of said Cotinty of Berks, was presented to the House, and the Manor of the Rectory of Leven aforesaid, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by ©there, whose Hands we thereunto set or subscribed, virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the same Owners olf, w otherwise interested in, the Lands and in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be House, ‘and read; Setting forth, That there are within taken On the said Roads, which cannot be paid off, nor the Parish of Leven, in the said East Riding, certain the said Roads be properly amended and kept in Open and Unenclosed Lands and Grounds, called The Repair, unless some Of the rowers of the said Acts North Field, South Field, Rotvlams, Hastham Catr, Firth, are altered and enlarged, and the Term thereby granted, White Cross Park, and The Common Carr, which are which is near expiring, be continued: Arid there-computed to contain about 1,500 Acres; and that it fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a would be a Benefit to all the Persons interested in the Bill so enlarge the Term and Powers of the said re-said Lands and Grounds, in Case a Division and Indo- cited Acts, in such Manner, and urider such Regiila-sure was made thereof, and specific Parts and Shares tions and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem allotted to the Parties, according to their different Rights meet.

and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine said Open and Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in such the Matter thereof; and report the sariie, as it shall Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House appear to them, to the House: shall seem meet. And it is referred to Mr. Laveden, Mr.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Ac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Wilberforce and Mr. Buncombe do prepare, and bring have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Rein, the same. cords.

Sheffield A Petition of the several Persons whose Names Petition* are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of,

B* or otherwise interested in, divers Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the several Townships or Districts of Upper Hallam, Nether -lam, Stanningtm, Fullwood, Bungworth, and

Storrs, within the Manor of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and, in respect thereof, entitled to Right of Common upon certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but that, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and also, if the Open Fields and Mesne Inclosures within the said Manor were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as may he thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Buncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh presented to Wellsboum the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Mountfort Term of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign j^o^Avon of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Road Bill Wellsboum Mountfort to Stratford upon Avon, in the presented. County of Warwick:And the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Plumptrc, Esquire, and others, Eastwood whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Inclosure Owners of Lands, and also of Common Right in the Petition* Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parish of East-wood, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Lands, Commons, ana Waste Grounds, aforesaid, are not capable of any considerable Improvement in their present Situation, and that it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Eastwood, in the County of Nottingham, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said, Petition: And that Mr.

Pierrepont’ and Lord Edward Bentinc do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Tadcaster A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Inclosure Bill fields, Common Ings, Stinted Pasture, Common, and committed. Grounds, within the Manor of Tadcaster, in the County of York, and County of the City of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. berforce, Mr. Buncombe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fyfield and A Petition- of the several Persons, whose Names are Newbridge thereunto- subscribed; on Behalf- of themselves and Roads peti. others, Trustees for putting in Execution Three several " Vo*. 4-6.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Dunham Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year of tjic Reign Ferry Road of His present Majesty King George the Third, for Petltl0U-repairing and widening the Road from Ferry

to the South End of Great Markham Gommon, in the County of Nottinghamt, and of the principal Creditors,

who have advanced Money upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Hames are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on. the Credit of the Tolls, which; together with the Tolls, have bden duly applied in repairing

widening,

Worksop and Debdale Hill Roads Petition.

Cazenoveand Batard’s Nat. Petition.

152 - 7° Februarii. A. 1791.

widening, and supporting the said Road, and other Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill,

Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and the Whole of according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Money so borrowed now remains due, together Mr. Buller Yarde and Mr. Buller do prepare, and bring with all Interest for the same, from the Time of the ad- in, the same, vancing thereof; and that the Term granted by the said Act expired in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of The Lord Hinchingbrook reported from the Com- Biggle»wad«

His present Majesty, but the Trustees having caused mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term Roads

to be erected, and used, upon the said Road, a Weigh- and Powers of Two Acts, of the Tenth Year of reP°rted-

ing Machine, pursuant to the Directions of the General His present Majesty and the last Session of Parlia-

Turnpike Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present mfent, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in

Majesty’s Reign, the said Act of the Fifth Year of His the County of Bedford, through Bugden and

Majesty’s Reign did, by virtue of the said General bury, to the Top of Hill, and from Bugden to

Turnpike Act, continue in full Force for the further Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton

Term of Five Years; and that several Provisions of Common, in the County of Huntington, and also the

the said Act are defective, and require Amendment, Road leading out of the aforesaid Road at or near

and further Powers are wanting, and, unless the Term the Ferry House, in the Parish of to and granted by the said Act be further continued, and the through Little Barford, , and Saint Ncots, to

Powers of the said Act enlarged, the Money borrowed, the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane,

and Interest due thereon, cannot be paid, nor the said and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Eaton

Road be properly kept in Repair: And therefore praying, Soken to the said Turnpike Road near Saint Neots

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge Bridge, was committed; That the Committee had exa-

the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same

and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the to be true; and that the Committee had gone through

House shall seem meet. the Bill, and made several Amendments thereinto,

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Con- which they had directed him to report to the House; sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's appear to them, to the House: Table: Where the Amendments w ere Once read through-

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Sir Charles out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon Bunbury, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; the House.

and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Records. ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting A Petition of Drummond Smith, Esquire, Lord of Chippenham in Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the the Manor of , in the County of Cambridge,

Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, the Reverend Clement Tookie, Vicar of the Vicarage of re 1 0D‘ for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop to Chippenham aforesaid, John Tohcorthy, and others, w hose the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proto the Great Northern Road at South Muskham, in the prietors of the several Open Fields and Commonable County of Nottingham, and of the principal Creditors Lands within the Parish of Chippenham aforesaid, was who have advanced Money upon the Tolls by the said presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

Act granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, That the several Lands and Grounds within the said was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. Parish lie very much intermixed and dispersed, and That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of cannot, in their present State, be occupied to Advan-the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums tage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which, together given to bring in a Bill for dividing, laying in Seve-with the Tolls, have been duly applied in repairing, ralty, and inclosing the said Open Fields and Common-widening, and supporting the said Road, and other able Lands within the said Parish of Chippenham, sub-Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and the Whole of ject to such Rules and Orders as to the House shall the Money so borrowed now remains due, together seem meet.

with a long Arrear of Interest; and that the Term Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-granted by the said Act is near expiring, and several suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Provisions of the said Act are defective, and require Joshua Smith and Mr. Henry Hobart ‘do prepare, and Amendment, and further Powers are wanting; and bring in, the same, that, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, the A Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of the Petition Money borrowed, and Interest due thereon, cannot Port of Scarborough, was presented to the House, and ^elat‘nsto be paid, nor the said Road be properly kept in Re- read; Setting forth, That by virtue of an Act, made in pair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty

?‘ven to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and King George the Second, for enlarging and maintain-owers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under ing the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amend-such Regulations -and Restrictions, as to the House shall ing, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich, Power was seem meet. given to Trustees to settle and impose the several

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Rates and Duties therein mentioned on Ships, Vessels, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and Crayers, coming to, going from, and passing by the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall Ramsgate, or coming into the Harbour there, which appear to them, to the House: Rates and Duties were to be applied towards the en-

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Vyner, &c.: larging, building, finishing, and maintaining Rams-

And they are to meet To-morrdw Morning, at Nine of gate Harbour, and for other Purposes; and that, in the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power as much as many Ships, which by the said Act, are to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. charged with the said Rates or Duties, cannot use or

do derive any Advantage from the said Harbour, and A Petition of Charles Theophilus Cazenooe and John that many Vessels, which by the said Act are ex-Francis Batard, was presented to the House, and read; empted from the said Rates or Duties, do derive an Act-Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vantage by the Use of the said Harbour, and that the their Naturalization. Monies already invested in Public Securities, and the

Monies

31 Geo. IIL 7° Februarii. 153

Monies how remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer, the Seas in the Summer as in the Winter, presume together with a reasonable Duty to be imposed oh that the same Prices should be paid in the Summer as Vessels actually using the said Harbour, or which can in the Winter Season for piloting Vessels as aforesaid,

have the Use thereof, would be amply sufficient to that is to say, the Sum of Seven Shillings Foot,

defray all the Expences in maintaining the said Har- and in Proportion for Half a Foot, if boarded within

hour in every Respect, therefore praying, That the the Limits of the Pilots of the said Port, for every

House will take the Premises into Consideration, and Vessel Inward-bound, and the Sum of Four Shillings grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall per Foot for every Vessel Outward-bound, as far as the seem meet Length of the Outward Buoys — That all Coasting

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Vessels, and those trading to and from Ireland, should Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed t6 pay after the Rate of Three Shillings and Six Pence enquire into the Manner in which an Act, made in the per Foot, if boarded within the Limits of the Pilots Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty aforesaid, Inward-bound, and Two Shillings per Foot King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarg- Outward-bound, and so in Proportion for Half a " ingand maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and Foot — That all Alien Ships and Vessels, Inwardfor cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven bound, should pay after the Rate of Ten Shillings per " of Sandwich" has been carried into Execution, Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall what Rates and Duties have been imposed, and what then tdraW, and so in Proportion for Half a Foot of Sums of Money have been collected by virtue thereof, Water, if boarded within the Limits of the Pilots

and to what Purposes such Money has been applied. as aforesaid, and also pay after the Rate of Seven

Shillings per Foot Outward-bound, and so in Propor-A Petition of the Pilots of Liverpool, in the County tion as aforesaid — That all Vessels taking a Pilot into Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and Hoylakeand from thence bound to any other Port, read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Sixth except Liverpool, to pay the full Liverpool Pilotage as -

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the aforesaid — That all Vessels discharging a foreign Cargo

better Regulation of Pilots conducting Ships and in any Port in Great Britain or Ireland, and from Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool, it is, thence proceeding to Liverpool in Ballast, should pay amongst other Things, enacted, that a Committee the foreign or alien Pilotage as aforesaid — That every should be appointed for the Purpose of regulating the Vessel going out of Liverpool, and making a foreign

Pilots of the said Port of Liverpool, and that the fol- Voyage before the Return of such Vessel, should

lowing and no greater or other Rates or Prices shall pay the foreign Pilotage both Outwards and Inwards , be demanded or taken by such Pilot or Pilots than as aforesaid — That every Vessel discharging a foreign what is and are herein after mentioned, that is to Cargo in Liverpool, and belonging to the said Port, say, for piloting and conducting any Ship or Ves- should pay the alien or foreign Pilotage when Outward-sel belonging to His Majesty’s Subjects into the said bound from the said Port: And therefore praying, That Port of Liverpool during the Winter Season, such Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Winter Season to commence on the 1st Day of Octo- Purposes above-mentioned, with such Powers and Proper, and end on the 30th Day of March, Yearly, both visions, and under such Regulations, as to the House Days inclusive, the Sum of Seven Shillings a Foot for shall seem expedient.

every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel, so to be pi- Or, That the said Petition do lie upon the loted into the Port of Liverpool, shall then draw, and Table, for piloting or conducting any such Ship or Vessel out,

of the said Port, during such Winter Season, the Sum A Petition of the Portreeve, Aldermen, and Bur- Swansea of Four Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such gesses, of the Borough of Swansea, and of several ^ar^our P* Ship or Vessel, so to be piloted or conducted out of Proprietors of Lands, Copper Works, and Collieries, tmon' the said Port, shall then, draw, and for piloting or in and near the Port of Swansea, in the County of Gla-conducting any such Ship or Vessel into the said Port morgan, and of several other Persons concerned in during the Summer Season, such Summer Season to the Trade and Navigation of the said Port, was precommence on the 1st Day of April, and end the 30th sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Day of September, Yearly, both Days inclusive, the many extensive Copper Smelting Houses and Coal Sum of Five Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water Works are established at and near the said Port of.

such Ship or Vessel, so to be -piloted or conducted Swansea, whereby the same is become a principal Port

into the said Port, shall then draw, and for piloting of Trade, and a considerable Nursery for Seamen; or conducting any such Ship or Vessel out of the said and that the Navigation of the said Port is much ob-

Port,' during the like Summer Season, the Sum of structed by Sand, Stone, and other Rubbish thrown

Three Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such up by the Sea, or washed down by Land Floods, and Ship or Vessel, so to be piloted or conducted out of otherwise improperly suffered to remain in the said the said Port, shall then draw, and so in Proportion Port; and that the deepening of the Bar and River of for Half a Foot of Water in all the Cases aforesaid, the said Port, with proper Directions for the laying but no Allowance to be made for odd Inches above down of Ballast, and regulating the Pilotage of the or under Half a Foot; and that, by the said Act, said Port, and for the Moorage, and Safety, and Provision is made for the Payment of Pilots piloting Docking, of Vessels therein, together with the Ercc-Outward-bound Vessels, but the Masters of such Out- tion of a Pier, Floodgates, Drawbridge, Pills, Docks, ward-bound Vessels are not, by the said Act; bound Quays, or Embankments, and other Works, at the to take Pilots with them, which is a great Loss to the Mouth and Sides of the same, with proper Avenues Pilots of the said Town, being their only Means of thereto, and a Light House on the Mumble Head, will

Support, and whereby a great Number of Accidents tend not only to preserve, but to increase the Trade

happen in the said Port, owing to the Unskilfulness and Shipping of the said Port: And therefore praying, of such Masters of Outward-Dound Vessels piloting That Leave may be given' to bring in a Bill for effec-and conducting their own Vessels out of the said Port tuating the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers, and as aforesaid; and that it would tend in a great Mea- under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem sure to the preventing such Accidents in future, was meet.

an Amendment made of the said Act, and were Mas- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ters of all Vessels Outward-bound from the said Port Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-compelled to take a Pilot with them; and that, the mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Petitioners being equally exposed to the Dangers of shall aphear to them, to the House:

Vol. 46. Rr And

State of His Majesty's Forces in the East Indies^ ordered.

State of the East India Company's European Forces, ordered

Return of Bullocks in the Army under General Medows, ordered.

Montrose Bridge Bill, presented.

Capt. Giles to attend Committee on Slave Trade.

Names of Officers of Independent Companies, presented.

Westminster Election determined.

And it is referred to the Marquis of Mr.

Wigley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of His Majesty’s Forces serving in The East Indies, according to the latest Returns; distinguishing the Effectives and those wanting to complete the Establishment of each Corps, and specifying the Number of Recruits embarked, but not included in the said Returns.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of the East India Company’s European Forces, according to the latest Returns; distinguishing the Effectives and those wanting to complete the Establishment of each Corps, and specifying the Number of Recruits embarked, but not included in the said Returns.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the Number of Draught and Carriage Bullocks contracted for, or employed in, the Service of the Army under General with the

Monthly Pay of the same, according to the latest Advices.

Mr. David Scott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Captain William Giles do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper containing the Names of the Officers employed to raise Independent Companies, specifying their respective Ranks before they undertook the Levy, and the Ranks they were to receive upon the Completion of it; and distinguishing such Officers as were taken from Half Pay.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Potcys, from the Select Committee, who were

appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Horne Tooke, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City and Liberty of Westminster, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable Lord Hood is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City and Liberty of Westminster:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable Charles James Fox is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City and Liberty of

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said John Horne Tooke, Esquire, did appear to the< said Select Committee to be frivolous:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Petition did appear to the said Select Committee to be vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Lord Hood to the said Petition did not appear to the sait^ Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Right honourable Charles James Fox to the said Petition did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of SuPP'y* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Army and Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Ordnance Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, from 25th De- tef cember 1790 to 24th December 1791, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1790 to 24th ber 1791, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1791, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ad-ditionals to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East Indus, and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Seven Battalions of Foot, serving in North America and The West Inches, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of the Contingencies of the said Forces, for the Year 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1791 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

6 Then

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Sugar Duty Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

Bill de erred. ing nextj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom.

Means*1" Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday deferred. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 8* die Februarii;

Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 1791.

Praters.

Fowey Elec- fV ''HE Hour. appointed for taking into Consideration Petitions tion the Petition of the Honourable Richard const ere . j 'Zdgcumbe,commonly called Lord , and Phi-

lip Rashleigh, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Right honourable Moline, Lord Shuldham, and Sir Ralph. Payne, Knight of the Bath; and also, the Petition of John Rashleigh, Richard Hemah, Samuel colls, Novel Norway, and Benjamin Bloomfield, of the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, being Persons who had a Right to vote at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on Behalf of themselves and others, who were, at the said Election, lawful Electors for the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents for all the said Petitions were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

Vol. 46.

And the Names bf Forty-hine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of the Right honourable Thomas Harley, Lord George Cavendish, and John Scudamore, Esquire, were drawn, who having sworn that they were severally Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Thirty-one other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Three on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Eleven against whose Election Petitions were depending; Eight as being Petitioners complaining of undue Elections and Returns One as then serving on a Select Committee Five on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees; One as having voted at the Election; and Two on Account of their Returns to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete j

The Counsel for Lord Valletort and Mr. Rashleigh nominated Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire; and the Counsel for Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, nominated Charles Grey, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel, the Door of the House was opened; and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of Correspondence between the Rajah of Travencore and the Government of Madras, on the

Subject of the said Rajah having purchased the Forts of Cranganore and Jaycottah from the Dutch, and in

Consequence of the subsequent Attack of Tippoo Sultan on the Lines or Territories of Travencore: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Correspondence between the Nabob Tippoo Sultan and the Government of Madras, on the Subject of the Rajah bf ’s Purchase of

Cranganoi'c and Jaycottah from the Dutch, and in Consequence of the subsequent Attack of Tippoo on the Lines or Territories of Travencore: And also,

N° 3. Information communicated by Sir Archibald Campbell to the Court of Directors, relative to the Rajah of Travencore % Purchase of the Forts of Cranganore and Jaycottah from the Dutch: And also,

N° 4. Copies of Correspondence between the Governments of Bengal and Madras, relating to the Attack of Tippoo Sultan on the Lines of Travencore.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the stud List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A State of His Majesty’s Forces in The East Indies by the latest Returns, dated 1st June 17go — Received 21st January 1791.

And the Title of the said State was read.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said State is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr.

Correspondence, Sec. relative to the Rajah of Travencore and Tippoo Sultan, presented.

State of His Majesty's Forces in the East Indies, presented.

t

8° Februcn'ii.

A. 179L

'Nylands Inclosure Bill presented

Aleester Road Petition.

tit ion.

Mr. Popharn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Nylands with Badcombe, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Others, of the Counties of Worcester, and

Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Aleester, in the County of Warwick, to Campden, in the County of Gloucester, and from thence to a Place called Upton Old Lane, being the Turnpike Road leading from Worcester to London, is greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of La\y: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually amending, widening, and keeping in good Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Saint Chad’s A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Church Pe- the Inhabitants of the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury and County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Collegiate Church of Saint Chad aforesaid did, in the Month of July 1788, suddenly fall down, whereby the same (except the Chancel and the South Wall of the Church) together with the Tower, Organ, Belts, Pews, and other Furniture, were entirely destroyed, and the Inhabitants of the said Parish were deprived of a Place to assemble in to hear Divine Service, and it became necessary to re-build the said Church; and that an Act of Parliament was obtained in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His preseut Majesty, for re-building the said Church, and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church- and Cemetery, and the Trustees appointed by the said Act were thereby enabled to borrow the Sum of 10,000 for the Purposes therein mentioned; and that the said Church is now re-building, but the Sum of 10,000, which the Trustees are authorized to borrow by virtue of the said Act, is considerably deficient for answering the Purposes therein mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Trustees, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of the said Act, to raise a further Sum of Money for finishing and completing the said Church, and for fully effecting all the other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Hill, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Petition Council, of the Borough of Bree, was presented Moa-

to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill n ge for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar-, and Setting forth, That the Borough of Brechin is an Inland Town, and the Inhabitants thereof have always enjoyed the Navigation of the said River, from which they reap considerable Advantages, in as much as when Vessels sail up as far as it is Navigable, their Carriages can make Two Draughts a Day, whereas they can go but Once a Day to the Sea Port of Montrose-, and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Navigation will be greatly impeded if the said Bill should pass into a Law, by which the Interests of the Borough of Brechin will be considerably affected, unless certain Provisions are made in the said Bill for preventing thereof: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Clauses of the said Bill as are prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Com- Ross Roads mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trus- P«ht3on tees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the reP°ne<1-Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads leading. into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, - and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the stud Petition, and had directed him to ‘ report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Harvey being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which has been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act — That the Sum of £1,250 now remains due, which cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

And being further examined, he said. That the Public Streets or Highways leading through the Town of Ross, and communicating with the said Roads, directed by the said Act to be kept in Repair, and also the Road leading from Coughton Chapel, through Coughton Street to Dibdean, in the Parish of Wolford, and from Weston's Cross to Nokes's Stile, in the Parish of Weston under Penyard, and from Focles Green to Crowhill, in the Parish of Upton Bishop, are greatly out of Repair, and cannot be kept in proper Repair by the ordinary Course of Law — That the present Turning at the Corner of Hatters Lane, in the said Town, is very inconvenient and dangerous for Carriages and Passengers, and that, in order to render the same safe and commodious, it will be necessary to purchase and take down a certain Dwelling House, now in the Tenure or Occupation of John Sherman, or some Part thereof, and to lay the Scite thereof into the Street, to be made Use of as a Public Highway. — And the Witness further said, That the amending the said Streets or Highways, and Roads, and rendering the Passage through the same sufficiently wide and convenient for Carriages and Travellers, will be a great public Convenience. —

And he added, That for the effecting the same it will be necessary to increase the Tolls granted by the said Act.

Ordered,

Report

Supply.

Guards and G&rrispns.

Charge of D°.

Forces in the Plantations.

Difference between the British and Irish Establishments.

Troops in Plant India.

Recruiting l^and Forces &c.

31 Geo. III.

8° Februa

157

Ordered, That Leave be given to . bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Streets or Highways within the said Town, and also certain small Pieces of Road communicating with the Roads comprized in the said Act: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Mr. Scudamore do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including One thousand Six hundred and Twenty Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand and Thirteen effective Men, Commission and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Seventy thousand Four hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand and Thirteen effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency,- and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, for the Year 1791»

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Twenty-nine thousand Five hundred Forty-four Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commission Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, for the Year 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Four hundred Eighty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Difference, between the Charge of the British and Esta-

blishments of Seven Battalions of Foot serving in t America and The West Indies, for Three hundred and Sixty-five Days, from the 25th Day of December 1790 to the 24th Day of December 1791, both Days inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Four hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Nine Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-four thousand and Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Vol.46.

Account, towards defraying the Charge of Recruiting

His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of the Contingencies of . r

the said Forces, for the Year 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Full Pay to That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Five Supemunae-hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and rar^ cefS* Five Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1791*: . . ' ’

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, General and That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hun- ^®neral dred and Nine Pounds and Eight Shillings, be granted cer*‘. to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and Ge: neral Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year >79*- .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowances to That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-three thousand Two the Paymas-hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Five Shillings and ^"era ’ Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces j to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices; for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; apd on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year J79l*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; Ordnance; That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand feight previous to hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Five Shillings and not^roAded’ One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying for the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, previous to the 31st of December 1783, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Six hundred Land Ser-and Thirteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings And One Penny, F0"

be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1789-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordndnce; That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Two Sea Service, hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds and Twelve Shillings, m°1789.

be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Sea Service, and<not provided for by Parliament, in-1789.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred LaBd Ser~ and Fifty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence, be vid^foVTn* granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of 1790. Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in

179°-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance for That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-one !79l* thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1791.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. -

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Correspond-

Papers, which were this Day presented to the House, by iatC;a,e*a*tj,

Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Com- Rajah of

pany, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Travencore,

Members of the House. &<i* to,be

printed.

Ss The

Fow*y Election Committee appointed.

Corn Regulation Bill recommitted*

Cardigan Road* Petition reported.

The Counsel end Agents before-mentioned being Returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One Of the said Lists, which had been struck by the Counsel for Lord VaUetort and Mr. , and by the

Counsel for Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Reginald Pole Carew and Charles Grey, Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

The Lord Viscount Duncannon, Lieutenant General John Vaughan, Janies Macpherson, Esquire, Richard Benyon, Esquire, the Honourable Edward Bouvcrie, William Adam, Esquire, the Lord North, William houn, Esquire, The Eight Honourable Lieutenant General John Burgoyne, the Honourable Lionel Damer, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, Thomas Thompson, Esquire, the Honourable Edward Monckton, Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, Charles Grey, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the Honourable Richard Edgcumbe, commonly called Lord Valletort, and Philip Rashleigh, Esquire; and also of the Petition of the Eight honourable Lord Shuldham, and Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Bath; and also of the Petition of John Rashleigh, Richard Hennah, Samuel Nicolls, Neoel Norway, and Benjamin Blooinfield, of the Borough of Fuwey, in the County of Cornwall, being Persons who had a Right to , vote at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on Behalf of themselves and others, who were at the said Election lawful Electors for the said Borough, now taken into Consideration, %ere sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Resohed, That the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty 00 Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported, be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

on the Credit of the said Act, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Essex Bowen being examined, said. That the Sum of £.1,925 has been borrowed and expended upon the Cardigan District of the said Roads — That the Average Produce of the Tolls for the last Seven Years has amounted to £. 277. 3$. and several of the Roads within the said District still remain to be completed — That the several Pieces of Road described in the Petition, and which are not included in the said Act, are much out of Repair, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually widened and repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be of Public Utility to have the same completed, and put under the Care of the Trustees for the said Cardigan District. — Then,

Matthew Davis, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Sum of £. 2,900 has been borrowed and expended upon the Aberystwith District of the said Roads — That the Average Produce of the Tolls, for the last Seven Years, has amounted to £.406, and many Parts of such Roads have not been completed, and require widening in several Places — That the Pieces of new Roads described in the Petition, and proposed to be added to the said District, are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the Statute Labour; and it would be of Advantage to the Public if the same were to be effectually repaired and widened.

And both the Witnesses said, That the several Sums of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls collected within each of the said Districts cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in Repair, and the several other Purposes before-mentioned effected, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the County of Cardigan, and for repairing other Roads in the said County: And that the Earl Mr. Campbell, Mr. Johnes, Mr. Loveden, and General Vaughan, do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mercurii, 9* die Februarii;

Anno 31* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

rT', HE Earl of Lisburne reported from the Com-X mittee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening several Roads in the County of Cardigan," and also of several other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the said County, who have advanced Money 7

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are st. Alban thereunto subscribed, Trustees of the Turnpike Road and South which leads through the several Parishes of Saint Roa<*

chacl, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South ^etmon* Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that, by Four Acts, passed in the First Year of King George the First, the Eighth and Twenty-fourth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Tolls are granted, and Powers given, to the Petitioners, for the Purpose of repairing and widening the said Road; and that the Petitioners have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of such Tolls, which is still due, and although the Whole of the Money so borrowed, together with the Money arising by the Tolls collected, have been duly laid out according to the Directions of the said Acts, yet several Parts of the said Road, which have been lately widened, cannot be

effectually

81 Geo. III.

9" Februariv.

159

effectually completed, nor the Money due on the Credit thereof repaid, unless the Terni of the said Acts be enlarged, and some further Powers given for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the above-mentioned Acts of Parliament, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appeal* to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Baker, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bnrford Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads Peti- the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in tion report- Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from to Banbury, -in the County of Oxford, and from Burford aforesaidt to the Turnpike Road leading to Slow, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swer-ford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the county of.

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-' rected him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Samuel Churchill being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and have borrowed £. 1,270, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from Burford aforesaid to the Turnpike Road leading to Stow, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swerford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton: And that Mr. Plumer, the Marquis of Blandford, and the Lord Wenman, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Eastwood Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Inclosure BUI Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Corn-presented. mon9 and Waste Grounds within the Parish of East-wood, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Biggleswade -An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road* Bill of Two Acts* of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, and the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barfordf Voi» 46.

Eyneshury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Eaton Soken to the said Turnpike Road dear Saint Neots Bridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers Of Two Acts, of the Tenth Year Of His present Majesty, and the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford,

Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Eaton Soken, to the said Turnpike Road near Saint Neots Bridge.

Ordered, That the Lord Hinchingbrook do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, to King's Itynn whom the Petition of William Case, Esquire, Mayor of Paving Peti-the Town and Borough of King's Lynn, in the County ^on reported, of Norfolk, and others, whose Names are thereto subscribed, Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town and Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, and for altering and improving the Streets, Lanes, Public Passages, and Ways, within the said Town and Borough: And that Mr. Walpole, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Sir John Wodehouse, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Subscribers for making a Hereford and Navigable Canal from the City of Her ford, to com- Gloucester municate with the River Seven1 at the City of Glou- tion P*u' cester, with a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Manufacturers* and others, of the Counties and Cities of Hereford and Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That by a Survey lately taken, it appears a Navigable Cut or Canal for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be made from, or near to, a Meadow', called Widemarsh, near the City of Herefot'd, by the Way of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, to join and communicate with the River Severn at or near a Meadow, called Ox Leaze, within the City of Gloucester, and that a Navigable Collateral Cut may be conveniently made from the said intended Canal at or near Upleadon Green, in the said County of Gloucester, to the Town of Newent, in the same County; and that the making of such Navigable Canal ana Collateral Cut, together with such other Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, and also proper Railways and Roads to the said Canal and Collateral Cut, will aft'ord an additional Supply of Coal to the City of Hereford, and to those Parts <?f the Country through

which

L -L*vi

160 9° Februari A* 1791.

which the intended Canal and Collateral Cut are pro- Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the posed to be made, and will tend to improve the Lands House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the and Estates near the said Canal and Collateral Cut Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, and several of the Public Roads within the Counties Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. of Hereford and Gloucester, and will be in other Respects

of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Foreman'* Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and whom the Bill for naturalizing Luke Foreman, Esquire, Nat- B‘jl maintaining such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cut was committed; That the Committee had examined repor as aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be as the House shall think proper. true; and that the Committee had directed him to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it That the Bill be ingrossed.

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Scudamore, Sir JohnIVode- Mr. John reported from the Committee, to Krohn’sNat

house, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- whom the Bill for naturalizing Jacob was com- Bill reported,

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle-and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Records. and that the Committee had directed him to report

the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And Chapel on A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Road Peti- ^xec^'on an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign , That the Bill be ingrossed.

tiaa. of His present Majesty, for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers for repair- Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Norfolk ing the Road leading from Chapel on the Hedth, in the whom the Petition of the Woolcombers, and Makers Woolcomb-County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Worsted Yarn, in the County of , and City ers Pet‘tion

of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; of Norwich, and County of the same City, was refer- reporte Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by virtue red; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Acts have borrowed the Sum of £. 2,400 of the said Petition; and had directed him to report on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and upon the said Roads, which Money still remains due, he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-and the Petitioners are restrained from borrowing any livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same further Sum on the Credit of the said Acts; and llepre- was read; and is as followeth;

seating to the House, That Part of the said Road leads To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several over Salford and Little Compton Hills, which are steep, Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign and the Passage over the same inconvenient and unsafe of his late Majesty, and in the Fourteenth and Fiffor Carriages, and it would be a great Benefit to teenth Years of His present Majesty, for preventing Travellers if the Road over the said Hills was lowered, Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employ-and rendered safe and convenient, but the same cannot ed in the Manufactures of combing Wool, Wor-be done, and the Road under the Care of the Peti- sted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, were read: tioners kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the And,

said Act be enlarged, and a further Sum of Money Mr. John Taylor, a Manufacturer of Wool and allowed to be borrowed, and some additional Powers Worsted Yarn at Norwich, being examined, said, given for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the said That the Yarns spun in the County of Norfolk, and Road joins and communicates with the Second Dis- City of Norwich, have greatly decreased in their Value, trict of the Evesham Turnpike Roads at Bourton on the owing to the Want of proper Regulations to prevent Hill aforesaid, and the lowering the Hills at Salford the fraudulent Reeling thereof; by Reason of which, and Little Compton aforesaid, and putting the Road Persons dealing therein chuse to purchase their Yarn under the Care of the Petitioners in good Repair, in Places where Regulations have been made by Act would be a Means of increasing the Tolls authorized of Parliament, for preventing such fraudulent Prac-to be collected within the said Second District of the tices.

Evesham Roads, and on that Account the Trustees for That the Witness has had a large Quantity of Yarn-the Care of those Roads may be willing to assist towards returned to him for being short reeled, and has been the Expence of putting the Roads under the Cave of obliged to submit to Drawbacks, after he had sold his the Petitioners in good Repair; And therefore pray- Yarn, by Reason of the short Reeling thereof; and ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Persons dealing therein are much aggrieved by continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the false Reeling.

Powers, of the said Act, and for rendering the Road And the Witness added, That he apprehends if the under the Care of the Petitioners safe and com- Reeling of Yarn was put under proper Regulations, modious, and putting the same in good Repair, it would be of great Advantage to the Trade of the by such Ways and Means as the House shall think County of Norfolk, and the City and County of the proper. City of and also of public Utility.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Mr. Samuel Cubitt and Mr. Robert Powell, confirmed Consideration of a Committee; And that they do ex- the aforegoing Evidence.

amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shall appear to them, to the House: more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses com-

And it is referred to Sir John Rushout, Mr. Jackson, mitted by Persons employed in the Manufactures of &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, in the County of Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Norfolk, and City of Norwich, and County of the same have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. City: And that Mr. Henry Hobai't and Mr. William

Wyndham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Martimu* Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to

and La Fon- whom the Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Albert Mar- A Petition of the Mayor, High Steward, Recorder, Oswestry, taine’s Nat. tinius and James, La Fontaine, was committed; That Coroner, Town Clerk, Burgesses, and other Inha- &c. Poor Bill reported. Committee had examined the Allegations of the bitants of the Town of Oswestry, and Liberties thereof, eUUon‘

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the also of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of

Oswestry,

31 Geo. III. 9° Febfuarii.

161

Oswestry aforesaid, Saint Martins, Whittington, West Felton, Ruyton, Knockin,

and Llanyblodwell, in the Hundred of Oswestry aforesaid, in the County of Salop, and also of the Inhabitants of isi the Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, and of

J Uansilin, in the said Counties of and Denbigh,

1 , and of Llanymynech, in the several Counties of Salop,

Denbigh, and Montgomery, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor within the said several Parishes are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great and burthensome Expence by the said respective Parishes; and that the providing a convenient House or Houses for the \>. general Reception of the Poor of the said Parishes,

a and granting proper Powers for the Government, Re-

gulation, and Employment of such Poor, would tend to the more effectual Relief, Assistance, and Accommodation of such as by Age, Infirmities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the Employment of the Industrious and those who are able to work, to the Correction and Punishment of the Idle and Profligate, to the Education of the Infant Poor in the Habits of Industry b and Religion, and to the Advantage of themselves and the said Parishes: And therefore praying, That Leave

may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

I and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

Deal Paving A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, Petition. and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and lead; Setting forth. That the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the said Town, are not properly repaired, paved, and cleansed, and, on Account of various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, the same are rendered very unsafe, dangerous, and incommodious; and that it would conduce very much to the Benefit, Convenience,

'tmd Safety, of the Petitioners, and all Persons resorting to the said Town, if the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, were properly repaired, paved, and cleansed:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ford, Sir Edward -

bull, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kingston and Mr. William Clement Finch presented to the House,

sheetbridge according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Road Bill Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of his presente . ]a^ Majesty, and the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames,in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol 46.

A Petition of Andrew HacSawyer Ad- Curdworth derley, and William Wakefield, Esquires, Lords of the ^t^)"c|0. Manor of Curdworth and Minworth, being re potion,

an Hamlet in the said Parish of Curdworth, in the County of Warwick, and also Owners or Proprietors, or otherwise interested in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds of and within the Parish and Liberties of Curdworth and Minworth aforesaid, called Curd-worth and Minworth Fields and Meadows, and the.

Petition of several other Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish and Liberties of Curdworth and Minworth aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intersected with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigation, and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be veiy advantageous to the several Persons interested therein if the said Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadow’s, Comjnon Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh and Sir Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring* in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Birmingham Execution at) Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-building the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto, and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, the Petitioners are empowered to erect a Turnpike, and to take certain Tolls thereat, for the Term of Four Years, from the Time of erecting such Turnpike, which Tolls are to be applied towards defraying the Expences of carrying on and completing the said Works, and the Petitioners are also for that Purpose empowered to borrow and take up at Interest the Sum of 3,000 upon Mortgage of the said Tolls, and, in case of a Deficiency of the said Tolls to pay off and discharge the said Sum of £. 3,oooo, the same is to be made good by a Rate upon the Inhabitants of the Parish of Birmingham, and Hamlet of Deritend, and Liberty of Bordesley; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have erected a Turnpike, pursuant to the Directions thereof, and have borrowed and expended the said Sum of £. 3,000, and have also incurred a further Debt to a considerable Amount, and it appearing that the Tolls have produced little more than One Half of what was expected, a further Sum will be necessary to be borrowed

T t (over

Kellington Inclosure Bill presented.

State of the East India Company’s European Forces — and Return of Bullocks in the Army under General Medows, presented.

Accounts relating to New South Wales ordered.

(over sod above what will be sufficient to discharge , the said Debt) in order to complete the Works intended by the said Act, and that the Produce of the Tolls graoted by the said Act for the Term aforesaid, and of the7 Rate sor to be made in Aid thereof, in pursuance of the said Act, will fall Very short of the whole Expence that will attend the completing the said Works: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to borrow a further Sum of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, and for granting such additional Tolls upon Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, passing through the said Turnpike, and for enlarging the Term for which the Tolls at the said Turnpike shcdl be payable, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Augustus Shuckburgh, Sir Robert Lawley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, mid Records.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship, Liberty, or Township of Kelling, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N* i. A State of the East India Company’s European Forces, according to the latest Returns; distinguishing the Effectives and wanting to complete the Establishment of each Corps, and specifying the Number of Recruits embarked, but not included in the said Returns: And also,

N° 2. A Paper, intituled, " Information submitted " to the Honourable House of Commons, respecting " their Order of the 7th February 1791, requiring a " Return of the Number of Draught and Carriage " Bullocks contracted for, or employed in, the Service

of the Army under General Medows, with the " Monthly Pay of the same, according to the latest " Advices."

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Convicts which have been shipped from England for New South Walts, and of the Number intended to be sent in the Ships now under Orders for that Service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence incurred in transporting Convicts to New South Wales, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity and Cost of the Provisions and Stores which have been sent to New South Wales for the Maintenance and Support of the Settlements there, as far as the same Account can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an 8

Account of the Charge and Expence of the Civil and Military Establishments in such Settlements.

The House was moved, That the several Orders ap- Day* appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the seve- f®r

ral Petitions complaining of nndue Elections and Returns certain of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Election Bodmin, in the County of Cortrwall; for the City of Petitions Carlisle, in die County of Cumberlan; and for the aiter*d‘ County of Stirling, might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, tire same were, on the Question being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir James Laroche,

Baronet, and John Sullivan, Esquire; and also, the Petition of John Pomeroy, Esquire; Joseph Edyvean, Gentleman, William Hamley, Surgeon, Thomas Flamank,

Gentleman, Philip Deacon, Gentleman, and Samuel Spiller, Saddler, of the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, being Persons who had a Right to vote at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on Behalf of themselves, and others, who were at the said Election lawful Electors for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 17th Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 22d Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Stirling, thereunto subscribing; and also, the Petition of Sir Alexander Campbell, of

lass, Baronet, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 24th Day of this Instant Februaty, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly-

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °"0^^r upon the Bill to provide for the Custody and Employ- the Custody ment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regula- and Employ-tion of the Places in which such Offenders may be ment of confined; Offenders.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr. Powys, 1

Mr. Matthew Mortr > 37.

tagu: J

Tellers for the Noes, {&"* } >7-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr.

31 Geo. III.

10° Februarii.

163

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

Ten of the Clock.

tana*. 1 ration the Petition of MkkaS Angeb Taylor, That the Honourable ChartoSnarl and Bergomn ' Esquire, and Robert KingmiU, Esquire; fnd als<Cthe £",er' ,h« Sl.‘Un8 I*"®1 ">

Petition of the Honourebfe George Gordon, coraoinly *PPear " sePan,te

were, That Two different Petitions were presented to the House against the Sitting Members, insisting on different Rights of Election — That a principal Charge against the Sitting Members also was that of Bribery, which in its Nature would affect the Sitting Members The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without separately — That in the Petitions, or One of them, Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, there was an Allegation and Charge applicable to_Mr.

Lester only, namely, that he (Mr. at the Time

of the Election held and enjoyed a Contract with the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy for the Public Service, by which he was incapable of being elected to serve in Parliament — That therefore the Sitting Members, being so differently affected, he had Instructions to say, that Mr. Lester had a distinct Interest from the other Sitting Member.

And the Counsel for Mr. Stuart, the other Sitting Member, being heard to the same Effect;

The Counsel and Agents were directed to retire some Way from the Bar.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

Jovhy 10* die Februarii; Anno 31° Georgii IIPU Regis, 1791.

Praters. HT H E Hour

appointed for taking into Conside-

considered.

called Lord Haddo, and the Honourable Basil William

Douglas,commonly called Lord Daer; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Householders, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves and others, in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders within the said Borough and Town of Poole; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town of Poole, and entitled to vote in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town and County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and County, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Forty-seven Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House was locked.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members having stated to the House, that they severally appeared for them as separate Parties on distinct Interests;

The Counsel for the Petitioners, Mr. Taylor and Mr. Kingsmill, stated, that the Counsel for the Sitting Members having made this Application to the House, they also desired to appear for their Clients as separate Parties on distinct Interests.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners, the Lord Haddo and the Lord Daer, stated to the House that they conceived there were but Two Parties before the House, namely, the Petitioners, for whom they were concerned, who insisted that the Right of Election was in the Inhabitants and Householders paying Scotland bearing Lot within the Borough, on the one Side; and the Sitting Members, and the several Petitioners who insisted on a different Right of Election, on the other Side.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members being directed to state to the House the Grounds on which they desired to appear as separate Parties before the House;

The Counsel; who stated himself to appear for Mr. Lester only, submitted to the House that the Grounds

Vol. 46.

It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel and Agents being again called to the Bar, Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said

Resolution.

And the Counsel for Mr. Taylor and Mr. Kingsmill having thereupon waived their Application to the House to appear as separate Parties;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, as in the Case of Three Parties; viz. the Sitting Members; the Petitioners, Mr. Taylor and Mr. Kingsmill; and the Petitioners, Lord Haddo and Lord Daer.

And then the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Eighteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; One on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworo); Eight against whose Election Petitions were depending; Two as being Petitioners complaining of undue Elections and Returns; Four as then serving on Select Committees; and Three on Account of their having in this Session served on Select Committees.

And complete,

Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being te, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the

Mr. Puller Yarde presented to the House, according Cazenove to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Charles Theophilus and Batard’a Cazenove, and John Francis Batard: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

presented.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Worksop and whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put- Debdale Hill ting in Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of fRoads Petj\ the Reign of His present Majesty King George the lonrepor Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Muskham, in the County of Nottingham, and of the

principal

principal Creditors who have advanced Money upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Names are , thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been Complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,' the said Act w-as read: And,

William Skinner, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of- Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Road, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act — That the Term granted by the said Act is bear expiring, and that the Whole of the Money borrowed, together with a long Arrear of Interest, now remains due, and which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at and from Debdale Hill

to the Great Northern Road at South in the County of Nottingham 1 And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Bentinck, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Dunham Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Ferry Road whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put-Petition ting in Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year of

reported. the Reign of His present Majesty King George the

Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and of the principal Creditors who have advanced Money upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

St. Pancras Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Paving Peti- whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names tion reported, are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing,

" watering, and watching the Streets, and other Public " Places, within such Part of the Parish of Saint " Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the " West Side of Tottenham Court Road, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and " for obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said " Road to pave, repair* and cleanse such Part of the " said Road as is therein described," was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; And,

Mr. John Augustus Bonney, Clerk to the Commissioners, informed your Committee, That a considerable Progress has been made in the Execution of the said Act; but that the same cannot be effectually carried into Execution, unless further Powers are granted —

That Difficulties have arisen in the Collection of the Rates; and there are many N uisances which cannot be removed under the present Powers; and that the Act in other Respects is defective.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and " watching the Streets, and other Public Places,

" within such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the West Side of " Tottenham Court Road, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein,. and for obliging " the Trustees for the Care of the said Road to pave,

" repair, and cleanse such Part of the said Road as is " therein describedAnd that Mr. Mainwaring, Mr.

Henry Hobart, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Charles Gould reported from the Committee, to Counter's whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed Bridge and to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh j^aXpleti Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue tion reported, and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Tedington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, it not occurring to the Trustees that such Orders were existing; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

James Clithei'ow, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said

31 Geo. III. 10° Februarii. 165

said Act, and have borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls of the old District the Sum of £ 9,200, and upon the new District £ 2,000, which respective Sums of Money still remain due, and cannot be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered \That the said Report be re-committed to I the Committee to whom the said Petition was re-

ferred.

Bin to pro* Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-£,deJj?r th* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Employment House, to consider further of the Bill to provide for the of Offender# Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, deferred. and for the Regulation of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined.

Supply Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom-

deferred. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom-fcmi de* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

rrt to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty.

RmtbPet^ ^Ir John Wodehousereported from the Committee,

tim reported. 1° whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in ’ Execution an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeih; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Roger Micklefieldbeing examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have contracted a Debt of £3,150, which now remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Powers altered and enlarged.

The Witness further said, That he knows the Piece of Road described in the Petition, containing about Two Miles in Length — That the said Road is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired and amended by the ordinary Course of Law, and the same might be conveniently done under the Direction of the present Trustees. — And he added, That no Turnpike is intended to be erected, or Toll taken, for the Repair of the said Piece of Roud.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Methwold Warren House to a Place called The Ditch, in the said County: And that Sir John house and Air. Coke of Norfolk do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Poole Elec- The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being tion Commit- returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the ^appointed, said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which bad been struck in his Presence, by Vo 1. 46.

the Counsel for the Sitting Afember3 in the First Place; for Mr. Taylor and Mr. in the Se-

cond Place; and for Lord Haddo and Lord Daer in the Third Place, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Alembers then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned List was read; and is as follows:

Lionel Darell, Esquire, Ralph Milbanke, Esquire, Paul Benfeld, Esquire, John Pitt, Esquire, Hugh Barlow, Esquire, James Martin, Esquire, Jeremiah Crutch-ley, Esquire, George Sutton, Esquire,

Esquire, Francis Dickins, Esquire, Lascelles,

Esquire, the Honourable Charles Hope, the Honourable Fere Poulett.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew.

And the said Counsel and Agents also withdrew.

The Thirteen Members before-mentioned being returned to the House, the said Counsel and Agents were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee informed the House that the said Thirteen Members had by themselves chosen Charles Long, Esquire, and Lord Frederick Campbell, to serve on the said Committee.

And the said Lord Frederick Campbell having required to be excused from serving on the said Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members agairt withdrew.

And the Counsel and Agents also withdrew.

And being again returned,

The Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee informed the House that the said Thirteen Members had ' by themselves chosen the Earl of Cary fort to serve ob the said Committee.

And the Names of the said Charles Long, Esquire, and of the Earl of Cary fort, were added to the said List of Thirteen Members.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, and Robert Kingsmill, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of the Honourable George Gordon, commonly called Lord Haddo, and the Honourable Basil William Douglas, commonly called Lord Daer; and also, of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Householders, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves ana . others, in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders within the said Borough and Town of Poole; and also, of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town of Poole, and entitled to vote in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town and County, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Ten of the Clock.

Uu

Cardigan Hoads Bill presented.

Great

Kineton Ir>-closure Bill presented.

tVhitcWeh

Roa4J>eti-

tioa.

Kington and Leominster Canal Peti* iion*

m

11° Februarii.

A. 1791.

Veneris, 11* die;

Anno 31® Georgii III. U Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Lisburne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, 'and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the County of , and for repair-

ing other Roads in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field and Commonable Land and Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Kineton, otherwise Kington, in the County of Warwick, called Great Kineton Field: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Trustees, for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in amending the said Road, for which Purpose Considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor the aid Road be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some iff the Powers thereof varied, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jcrooisc, Mr. Baker, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Hereford, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by a Survey lately made, it appears that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be conveniently made from the Towns of Kington and Leominster, in the County of Hereford, to join and communicate with the River Severn, near Stourport, in the County of Worcester; ‘and that the making of the said Navigable Canal, together with such Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, and also proper Railways and Roads to the said Canal, 'will tend to supply the said Towns of Kington and Leominster, and the Country: adjacent thereto, and to the Line of the said intended Canal, with Coal at a much cheaper Rate than at present, as well for Fuel as for the burning of Limestone, of which there are very considerable Quarries within a small Distance from the said Town, and will, in other Respects, be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners and others within the Parts and Places be-7

fore mentioned, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal and Cuts as aforesaid, with proper Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr.

Scudamore, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac- &»» Road* cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Streets or Highways within the said Town, and also certain small Pieces of Road communicating with the Roads comprized in the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Clown and Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Own- ®ud.by Roa4 ers of Estates, or residing in the several Counties of e Uon* Nottingham and Derby, or One of them, was presented to the House, and read, Setting forth. That the Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham, in the County of York, to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, at or near Clown, in the said County of Derhy, to the Turnpike Road leading from

Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, to Kelham, in the same County, at or near Budby, in the said County of Nottingham, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious in many Parts, and cannot be effectually widened and repaired by the ordinary Course of Law:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrcpont, Mr. Gilbert,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Plumer,reported from the Committee, to whom Harlow and the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into SturnP Cross Execution Two Acts of Parliament, of the Seventeenth |g^t^tltion Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chester-ford, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 15th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, bad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vix.

To

31 Geo. III.

ll° Febru

167

To prove the Allegations of the ssid Petition, the said parallel for some Miles with the said Road from Mans*

Acts were read: And, field to Rotherham, and in some Part thereof at a very

Mr. Thomas Mott, Clerk to the Trustees, being exa- small Distance therefrom; and, if such intended Appli-mined, said. That for the Purpose of repairing the said cation is persisted in and carried, the Securities for the Koads the Sum of £. 2,550, borrowed upon the Credit Money due on the said first mentioned Road (and which of the Tolls, has been expended, which cannot be paid was subscribed on the implied Faith of Parliament, that off) nor the Roads effectually amended and kept in good no needless new Road should at any Time after be made Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts to their Detriment) will be very materially affected by a are continued and enlarged. Subtraction of the Tolls thereof, and the Interests of a

And it appearing by the said Acts, that there is no veiy considerable Part of the Inhabitants of the Towns Power for enabling the Trustees to vary or alter any of Mansfield and Rotherham will be very much injured:

Part of the present Road, And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass

Mr. James Dellaw, the Surveyor of the said Roads, into a Law. informed your Committee, That it will "be of public A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Petitions Convenience if the Course of the Road, in the Parishes others, living in or near to the Towns of in against

of Bishop Stortford and Birchanger, as described in the the County of Nottingham, and of Rotherham, in the Budby Koad Petition, was varied and altered, the Extent of which County of York: And also, Bill.

Alteration is only about 84 Poles. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for thereunto subscribed, being|Trustees and Creditors, under enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-seventh Year Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty, and the Ninth of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Turn-Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen- pike Road from the Town of Nottingham to the Town ing the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham; and also of Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Inhabitants of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chester- the Town of Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto ford, in the said County: ^And that Mr. Plumer, Mr. also subscribed;

~ Were severally presented to the House, and read;

BoHord Road* Bill pretested.

Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the last preceding Petition: And praying that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Welkbottm Moontfort and Stratford pon A ton Road Bill committed.

Baker, and Mr. Mailman Trench Chiswell, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from Buiford aforesaid to A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Loughbo-the Turnpike Road leading to Stow, in the County of Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, rough and Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swer- Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names PetU

ford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the Turn- are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves 1

pike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton: and othere, was presented to the House, and read j

And the same was received; and read the First Setting forth. That by Surveys lately taken it ap-

Time. pears, that a Canal or Navigable Communication*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with

heavy Burthens, may be made from the Town of A Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to the

Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Town of Leicester, to commence at or near the

~ ~ Bason above the first Lock on the North Side of the said Town of Loughborough, belonging to the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the River Trent to the Town of Loughborough, and to

Petition loainst Clown and Bod by Road Bill

amending the Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick,was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Call, Sec.: And they proceed from thence through or near the several

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Parishes, Townships, or Liberties of Loughborough, Speakers Chamber. Woodthorpe, and all in the said County, to

and into the River Soar, in the Parish of Quarndon

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are aforesaid, from whence a Navigation may be conti-thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and nued, by Means of widening, deepening, and cleans-read; Setting forth, That the Road from Mansfield, in ing the said River Soar, and making necessary Cuts the County of Nottingham, to Rotherham, in the County and Deviations by the Sides thereof, to the Junction of York, was heretofore in very bad Condition, and in of the River Soar with the River Wreak, from many Places ruinous and dangerous; and that the whence the said Navigable Communication may Petitioners (or those under whom they claim) have be continued by Means of widening, deepening, subscribed sundry large Sums of Money, for the Pur- and cleansing the said River Wreak, and making neces-pose of making the same a Turnpike, that the Tolls sary Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof to or thereof are moderate, and the said Road is now in near a Meadow in the Lordship of Cossington, in the good Repair, to the very great Accommodation of all said County, called Turrrwater Meadow, from whence Persons travelling thereon; and that, notwithstanding the aforesaid Navigable Communication may be con-the said Road is in such good Repair, the Interest of tinued, by making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Money subscribed, or now due to the Petitioners, the said River Wreak through Part of the said Meats in Arrear, and their Securities for the same are sold dow, called Turrrwater Meadow, and through the se-rnuch under Par; and that the Petitioners have been veral Parishes, Townships, or Liberties of informed that Application is intended to be made to Barkby, and Thurmaston, all in the said County, to Parliament this Session for Leave to bring in a Bill and into the said River Soar, in the Parish or Town-for making, widening, altering, and repairing the Road ship of Thurmaston aforesaid, from whence the said from the said Turnpike leading from Mansfield to Navigable Communication may be continued, by Rotherham, at or near Clown, in the County of Derby, Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the to join the Turnpike Road leading from Worksop said River Soar, and making necessary Cuts and De-to Kelham, near Budby, in the said County of Not- viations by the Sides thereof, to or near Lady'i

ting ham,. which intended new Road will run almpst Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in or near i Vox.. 46- the

Meltoa

Mowbray

Navigation

Petition.

168 11° Februarii.A. 1791.

the said Town of 1Leicester,or to Or near the West the Sides thereof, from its Junction with the said in-

Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the said Town tended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicester at

of Leicester, or to or near both those Places; and the said Meadow, in the Lordship of afore-

that by Surveys also lately made, and Levels taken, it said, called Turmcaler Meadow, to the River Eye, and further appears, that a Communication for the Con- that the said River Eye may, in like Manner, be made j'*f

Veyance of Coal, Stone, Lime, and other Goods, in navigable, from its Junction with the said River JVreak,

Part by Land Carriage along Railways or Stone to or near a certain Place called Close,

Roads, in Carriages or Vesseles to be properly con- in the Parish of Mellon Mowbray aforesaid: And there-

structed for that Purpose, and partly by Water, for fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

the Furtherance of such Carriages or Vesseles by for effecting the Purposes last above-mentioned, in such

proper Floats or Vessels made to receive and con- Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House

duct the same by Water, may be made from the shall seem meet.

several Coal Pits and Lime Works, and other Works, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-now opened and worked, or to be opened and work- sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine *

ed, in the several Parishes, Townships, or Places of the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall 51

Swamungton, Coalorton, Thringston, Breedon, and Grace- appear to them, to the House:

dim, all in the said County, to the said Bason, at or And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Scudamore,

near the Town of Loughborough, belonging to the &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning

said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-

the River Trent to the Town of Loughborough; and ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

that the making of the above-mentioned Canal and Records.

Navigation or Navigable Communication by Water

Levels, and the said Rail or Waggon Ways and Stone Mr. Scudamore reported from the Committee, to Hereford and Roads, and such other Rail or Waggon Ways or whom the Petition of several Subscribers for making a c!nal*Peti '*

Stone Roads, and Water Levels as may hereafter be Navigable Canal from the City of Hertford, to commu* tion reported. T

found necessary, will extend the Intercourse of Trade nicate with the River Severn at the City of 'Gloucester,

and Commerce, be productive of many local Benefits to with a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to the Town

several Towns and Places situate near the Line of the of Newent, in the County of Gloucester', and of several:

said several Navigable and other Communications, and Gentlemen, Freeholders, Manufacturers, and others, of |

will be, in other Respects, of great Public Utility: And the Counties and Cities of Hereford and Gloucester, was j

therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in referred; That the Committee had examined, and found j

a Bill for effecting the several Purposes above men- that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navi-tioned, and for making such Alterations in the Tolls gation Bills, had been complied with; and that the now payable on the said Loughborough Canal a3 may Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-

be agreed on in Consequence of making the said intended tion, and had directed him to report the same, as it

Navigation and other Works, in such Manner, and under appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report

such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

6eem meet Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the followeth; viz.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Josiah Clowes, an Engineer, being examined, said, That

shall appear to them, to the House: he has made a Survey of the proposed Canal, and

And it is referred to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Scudamore, thinks it practicable to make the same, together with

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning the Collateral Cut, as described in the Plan annexed next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- to the Petition, and for the Sum mentioned in the ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Estimate. — Then,

Records. Mr. Peter Dickins being examined, said, That the

making of the said Canal and Cut will be of Advantage A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the to the City of Hertford, and the Country through which humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, the same is intended to pass, by affording a more regular Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, and cheap Conveyance for Corn, Timber, Hops, and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of other Goods and Merchandizes, and also for Coals and themselves and others, was presented to the House, Cyder, to and from the City of Hereford, and the Country and read; Setting forth, That a Communication by adjoining. __ ,

Water between the River Trent and the Town of Mr. John Howard Apperley, Mr. William Waimcright, j

Mellon Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, would and Mr. William Deykes, being examined, said, That the be productive of great Public Advantage, as well as proposed Canal will be of Advantage to Agriculture, and particular local Benefit to the said Town, and the a great Preservation of the Roads adjoining, which are Neighbourhood thereof, by rendering the Carriage now, and at most Times of the Year, impassable, espe-of Coal, Lime, Limestone, Timber, Lead, and all dally with respect to the Conveyance of Coal, Lime,

Kinds of Merchandize, to the said Town and Neigh- and all Sorts of Manure; and that the Estates through bourhood, and to several Parts of the Counties of which the Canal is intended to pass will be materially Leicester, Lincoln, and Rutland, much cheaper and improved thereby.

easier than it is at present; and that the Petitioners Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for are informed Application is making to Parliament making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from for an Act, to form a Navigable Communication the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a from the Loughborough Canal Navigation (which falls Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of in

into the River Trent) to the Junction of the River the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. Scudamore,

Soar with the River Wreak, and from thence up Mr. Widwyn, Mr. and Mr. do prepare,

the stud River Wreak to Turnwater Meadow, in and bring in, the same, the Lordship of Cossington, and from thence to Leicester; and that, by Surveys lately taken, it appears Mr HenrHobart presented to the House, accord- Norfolk that the said River Wreak may be made navigable ing to Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing Woolcomben for Boats, and other Vessels of heavy Burthen, by Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed

Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted sente 6ame, and making necessary Cuts and Deviations by Yarn, in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich,

and'

31 Geo. III.

11° Februariu

169

Montrose Bridge Bill committed.

Petition against read ag in, referred, and Counsel ordered.

and County of the same City: And the same was re- Borough of Brechin, and many of them have consi-ceived; and read the First Time. derable Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, and

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. that, being in an Inland Country, they can save several

Miles of Land Carriage from any Sea Port, by Means A Bill for building a Bridge over the River South of the Navigation of the said River, which has al-Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of ways hitherto been free and uninterrupted; and that Forfar, was read a Second Time. they apprehend the said Navigation will be almost to-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. David tally obstructed if the said Bill should pass into a Scott, Mr. Putteney, Sic.: And they are to meet this Law, whereby the Interests of the Petitioners will

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's be materially affected, unless certain Provisions are

Chamber. made in the said Bill for preventing thereof: And there-

The House was moved, That the Petition of the fore praying, That they may be heard, by them-

Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the Bo- selves^ or their Counsel, against such Clauses of the

Petitions

gainst

Bill.

said Bill as are prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Petition unto subscribed, being Subscribers of certain Sums «g""st Monas free Gifts towards building a Bridge over the Rr- g^j3e n ge ver South Esk, at or near the Borough of Montrose, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth.

That a voluntary Subscription for raising Money towards building the said Bridge was begun in the Year 1787, and the Petitioners have signed their-Names, or hold themselves responsible for the Subscriptions of others for certain Sums towards that Work, which they did in full Confidence that no

rough of Brechin, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition lie referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates adjoining to or near the River South Esk, in the County of Forfar, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, Part of the Money would be demanded till there was That the Petitioners are Proprietors of considerable a Certainty that Funds were provided adequate to the Estates lying above the Town of Montrose, at or near Undertaking, and Persons found ready to contract which Place the said Bridge is intended to be buiit, for it, and to give proper Security for fulfilling their and they, and their Predecessors, Owners of the said Contracts; and that the Petitioners are well informed Estates, have constantly been in the uninterrupted that, by certain Clauses in the proposed Bill, they Possession of the Navigation of the said River, which are to be compelled to pay their respective Subscrip-will be greatly impeded if the said Bill should pass tions whenever the Sum of £. 5,000 is provided, either into a Law, and the Value of the Petitioners Estates by free Gifts, or upon the Credit of the Tolls to be thereby considerably diminished, unless certain Pro- granted by the Act, and that moreover they are to visions are made in the said Bill for preventing the re* be immediately liable for a Moiety of their said Sub-of: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, scriptions tow ards defraying the Expence of procur-by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Clauses ing the said Act; and that the Petitioners are of Opi-of the said Bill as are prejudicial to the Interests of the nion, that £20,000 will not be a larger Sum than Petitioners. sufficient to defray the Expence of building the said

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Bridge, and of purchasing the Property necessary for thereunto subscribed, being Tenants for certain Terms effectuating it, and that therefore they ought not to of Years of Lands adjoining to or near the River South be compelled to pay their Subscriptions till much Esk, in the County of Forfar, was also presented to more considerable Funds than £.5*000 are provided, the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the and they think that the State of the Funds at present,

as far as they can learn, do not warrant an Application for an Act of Parliament, and therefore that they ought not to be burthened with any Share of the Expence of a Measure of which they do not approve;

said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners possess very considerable Farms, lying above the Town of Montrose, at or near which Place the said

Bridge is intended to be built, and when they took

Leases of the said Farms they were induced thereto, and that the Petitioners will most chearfully pay their

among other Motives, by the Consideration of the Money when they see even a reasonable Prospect of

important Advantages they would derive from the the Bridge being built, but they think themselves Navigation of the said River, which they were assured perfectly justified in denying that there is any such by the Proprietors they should enjoy as free and un- at present; for they understand the voluntary Sub-interrupted as it had been in all Time past; and scription is not £6,000, and they have not heard that many of the Petitioners have already made fre- of any Sum or Sums subscribed upon the Credit quest Use of the said Navigation, and all of them of the Tolls, they have never learnt that any Person expect to derive great Benefits therefrom, during the has offered to contract for the Work and find Se-Currency of their Leases, most of which have yet curity for Performance^ nor do they know that any many Years to run; and that the said Navigation Steps have been taken to ascertain the Value of the will be greatly impeded if the said Bill should pass Property necessary to be purchased, though a Feny-into a Law, and the Value of the Petitioners said said to be worth £200 a Year forms Part of it; and Leases thereby considerably diminished, unless certain that the Petitioners apprehend there may be other Provisions are made in the said Bill for preventing Clauses in the said Bill prejudicial to their Interests, thereof: And therefore praying. That they may be as it has not been made public, nor any Copies of it heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such distributed among them, for their Consideration, which Clauses of the said Bill as are prejudicial to the Interests they believe is customary in all private and local Bills: of the Petitioners. And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are themselves, or their Counsel, against such Clauses of thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the the said Bill as are prejudicial to the Interests of the Neighbourhood of the Borough of Brechin, or Inha- Petitioners.

bitants thereof, was also presented to the House, and And the said Petitioas were severally ordered

read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and to be referred to the Consideration of the

Setting forth, That tbp Petitioners Jive in or near the Committee, to whom the said Bill is com-

.. Vpu46. Xx mitted;

Petition against the Corn Regulation Bill.

Saffron Walden Church Petition.

Egginton

Inclosure

Petition.

11° Febni

A. 1791.

mitted; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That ttiey do admit Counsel to be heard,'at the aame Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons concerned in the Mtal, Malt, and Com Trades, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Cora exported; and Setting forth, That there are several Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Petitioners, and all other Persons concerned in the said Trades: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may appear to affect the Petitioners, and that they may have such Relief as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saffron , in the County of Essex, whose’Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish Church of Saffron Walden is in a very ruinous and decayed State, insomuch that it is deemed indispensably necessary the same should undergo an immediate thorough Repair; and that a proper Survey has been taken of the necessary Wants of Reparation to the said Church, and an Estimate made thereof by an able and experienced Architect, whereby it appears, that the Sum necessary to effectuate such Repairs is too large to be raised by the present Inhabitants without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Church, and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish to borrow Monies to defray the Expences of such Repairs, and for securing the Re-payment of the Principal Monies so to be borrowed, with Interest, in such Manner, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the Hohse:

And it is referred to Mr. Bramston, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Estates, lying in the Manor and Parish of Egginton, in the County of Derby, and others, Proprietors of, or entitled to, Common Right, in the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Stinted Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, lying in the said Manor and Parish of Egginton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said

Manor and Parish several Commons and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Stinted Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, and it would be greatly for the Benefit and Advantage of the several Persons interested, if the same were inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their Interests therein, to be enjoyed m Severalty for ever: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Stinted Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to- bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Lord George and

Mr. Mundy, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir James St. Clair Er&kitie presented to the House, Indemnity according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons P1*-us have omitted to qualify them Selves for Offices and MntttL Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnity Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of tire Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East- India Company, attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Supplement to the State of " the East India Company’s European Foroes, pro*

" seated to the Honourable House of Commons the " 9th Instant"

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Pelham, One Leave give* of the Members of the Select Committee, appointed to be absent to try and determine die Merits of the several Peri-tions, complaining of an undue Election and Double ^ittee? Return for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, is under the Neoesshy of attending a Commission of Sewers, at Lewes, in the County of Sussex, which is appointed to meet on Monday next, upon Business of the greatest Importance to the Interest of the Land Owners in the Lcives. and Laughton , and respecting an Application, intended to be made 8 -to

Mutiny Bill committed.

Supplement to the Stats of the East India Company’s European Force# presented.

31 Geo. III.

11° — 14°Februarii.

171

to this House, on the Subject of the said Levels, and Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com- Letter to Sir that he, as Water Bailiff, is a necessary Officer of the pany do lay before this House, a Copy of a Letter A. Campbell, Court; from Messieurs Moorhouse, Cockburn, and Campbell,

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the to Sir Archibald Campbell, Governor in Council of furnishing

Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- Fort Saint George, dated the 30th of January 1787, Bullocks, or-

tituled, " An Act to regulate tire Trials of controverted proposing to contract for furnishing Draught and dered.

" Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Par- Carriage Bullocks, with the Proceedings of the Governor and Council thereon; and such further Letters or Orders as appear in the Consultations relative to the furnishing Draught and Carriage Bullocks, down to the Period of the latest Advices from Fort Saint

" liament," might be read And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 18th Day of June 1789, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Leave given to Sir Samuel Hannay, to be absent from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine

George.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny Bill

the Merits of certain Petitions, complaining of an undue punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better

City

D

and

Election and Return for the Westminster, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Matter so alledged by Mr. Pelham, being taken down in Writing, the said Mr. Pelham was sworn at the Table to the Truth thereof.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Pelham have Leave to absent himself from his Attendance on the said Select Committee on Monday next

Mr. Pierrepont, from the said Select Committee, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee (in case the House should give Leave to Cwumiueeto Mr. Pelham to be absent on Monday next) to move the

adjourn.

Leave given tbf Okehampton Election

Liberty of Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Orders of the Day beipg read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sug»r Doty Mornipg next, resolve itself iuto a Committee of the deferrwl‘ whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply de-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred‘

House, that they might have Leave to adjourn, at the House, to consider further of the Supply granted to rising of the Committee Tomorrow, antil Tuesday Morn- His Majesty

ing next, at Ten of the Clock.

And Mr. Pierrepont moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave, for (lie special Cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

Account of Seizures of

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Co Crain ^ccol,nt of Seizures, made by the Officers of the &c.ordered. ’ Customs, of Corn, Grain, attempted to be exported or imported contrary to Law, with the Names of the Vessels seized, where destined, or from whence they came, for the last Twelve Years, ending Christmas 1790; distinguishing such Seizures as have been prosecuted to Condemnation, and such as have been restored.

Revived, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means de-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ferred> raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of die Clock.

Luna, 14° die;

Cere Regale- The House was moved. That the Order, made uP°° Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon Tuesday Morning next, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Cora imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, might be lead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resohxd, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-

Anno 31* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

QUARLES Thcoplrilus Cazcnove and John Francis Cazenove Batard, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their an<* Batard Naturalization. sworn.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Luke Foreman, Foreman's Esquire, was read the Third Time, Nat. Bill

Resolved, That the BUI do pass: And that the Title Passed‘

night, the 2ad Day of this Instant February, resolve be, An Act for naturalizing Luke Forman, Esquire.

Treaties

itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do Jay before this House, a Copy of the Treaties the Nabob of ty Sir Archibald Campbell, the Nabob of Arcot, a rout, &c. and the Rajah of Tanjore, and the subsequent Proceed-ordered. fogs thereon.

Correspond- Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com-ence relative pany do lay before this House, Copies of the Correspondence between the Governments of Bengal and

to the Ma-

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Jacob Krohn, was Krobn’s Nat. read the Third Time. ®U1 Passed-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Krohn.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Albert Martinius

the Revenues Madras, and the Nabob of Arcot, and the Rajah of Martinius and James La Fontaine, w as read the Third and ha Fon'

oi the Carnatic, &c. Ordered.

Tanjore, relative to the Government of Madras having assumed the Management of the Revenues of the Carnatic and Tanjore, and Copies of any Resolutions W’hich may have been passed by the Court of Directors, or Board of Controul, relative to those Transactions.

Vol. 46.

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Albert Martinius and Janies La Fontaine.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

taine'3 Nat. Bill passed.

172 14° Februarii, . 1791.

Kippax In* closure Bill presented.

Mr. Wilberfdrce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, a Common Stinted Pasture, called The Town , and a certain Common of Waste called The Hollings, within the Manor and Township of Kipp, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cottingham A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands Petition* tthti Grounds within the Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, and of the Owners and Proprietors of certain inclosed Lands and Grounds within the same Parish, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, and the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, great Benefit and Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein; and that, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, " inclosing, and draining certain Lands, Grounds, " and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Cottingham, " in the East Riding of the County of York," the several Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, thereby directed to be inclosed and drained, have been since inclosed, but the Powers and Authorities in the said Act contained, respecting the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds, have been found inadequate to the Purposes thereby intended, and it tvould be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other Proprietors of the said inclosed Lands and Grounds, if the said Act, sO far. as relates to the Drainage of such Lands and Grounds respectively, was altered and amended, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields, and for altering, amend ins, and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, so far as the same relates to the Drainage of the Lands and Grounds therein mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. IVUberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Kellington A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-Inclosure mon Fields, Meadows, Ings, Pastures, and oilier Com- Billcwn- monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lord-mitte ship, Liberty, or Township of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilr berforce, Mr. Duncombe&c.: And they are to meet this Aftemodn, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Several Per- Ordered, That Doctor Harrison do attend the Corn-sons to attend mittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to Committee consider of the African Slave Trade.

Trade.* Ordered, That Doctor Jackson do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Ross do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Coare do also attend the said

Committee. „

Ordered, That Mr. Fitxmaurice do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. Davies do also attend the said Committee.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Harlow and Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of ptut"P^'|r.0* Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty, presented, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chesterford,in the said County: And the same

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the principal Owners and Proprietors Stockton in-of Lands, Commons, Tythes, and Estates, in the cl,sure Pe* Open and Common Fields of Stockton, in the County ution' of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are possessed of several Lands and Estates in the said Open and Common Fields, which lie inconveniently, intermixed, and dispersed over the whole Fields in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the said Open and Common Fields are very fit and proper to be divided and inclosed, and would thereby be of much greater Profit and Advantage to the several Proprietors interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Stockton aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh and Sir Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Hom Inclo-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open sure Prt~ Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other *ente"* Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hose, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, to Chapel oa whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for *te putting in Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year non reported, of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774* relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report tire same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Joseph Knight being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of 2,400, and the present Debt amounts to £. 2.300 — That Part of the Road leads over Salford and L Compton Hills,

which

31 Geo III.

14° Februarii.

173

which are very steep, and the Passage over the same is of the said Act, and have borrowed upon the Credit inconvenient and unsafe for Carriages, and it would of the Tolls of the old District, the Sum of £.q,2oo, be a great Benefit to Travellers if the said Road w as and upon the newr District, £. 2,000, which respective lowered and rendered safe and convenient; but the Sums of Money still remain due, and cannot be repaid, same cannot be done, and the Road under the Care of unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, the said Trustees kept in good Repair, unless the Term and the Powers thereof enlarged, of the said Act be enlarged, a further Sum of Money Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

allowed to be borrowed, and some additional Powers Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances

granted for the Purposes aforesaid. _ mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that

Notices may be given at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of

And the Witness further added, That the said Road communicates with the Second District of the Evesham Roads, and the lowering the Ilills aforesaid, Middlesex, and in Three Newspapers, to he printed and putting the Road under the Care of the Trustees or circulated in the said County in the present Month (the Petitioners) in good Repair, would be a Means of February, and in the Month of March following, or of increasing the Tolls authorized to be collected in either of them, of the Application to Parliament

within the said Second District of the Evesham Roads, and on that Account the Witness thinks the Trustees lor the Care of those Roads may be willing to assist towards the Expence of putting the Roads under the Care of the Petitioners in good Repair.

for renewing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Butterton Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in Moor End

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Tenth Year of the Reign of is present Majesty, Roads Peti* " rn J n rv-r* 1 inf|tuled, "An Act for repairing, widening, turning, tl0D’

enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester: And that Sir John Rushout and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the same.

" and altering the Roads from Butterton Moor End, " near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three " Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from " Buxton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and

" from Blackton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the " Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, near Newhaven, in the County of Derby, and from

tion, reported.

Re-commit- Sir Charles Gould reported from the Committee, to

inter’ston w^om Report was re-committed, which w*as made " IFarslow to Ecton in the County of Stafford,

Bridge* kc. ^rora die Committee, to whom the Petition of several and of several of the Creditors who have lent their Roads Peti- of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, Monies on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented Majesty, to continue and render more effectual several to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways from Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said that Part of Counters Bridge which lies in the Parish Act, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading Money upon the Credit thereof, which now remain through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow to the unpaid; and that the said Money cannot be repaid, Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, Term granted by the said Act, which is near expiring, and for repairing, turning, or altering the Highway be further continued, and the Powers of the said Act leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Ted- the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, ington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the said Great Road near Smallberry Green Turnpike to a House shall seem meet

House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Part of the said Highways, whose Names are thereunto amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had shall appear to them, to the House: examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Lord House, of the 25tfi of April 1774, relative to Turnpike George Cavendish, And they are to meet To- Bills, had not been complied with, but it appeared to morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speak-thern, that the Meeting at which it was first proposed ers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, to apply to Parliament was not held till the Month of Papers, and Records.

November last, and the Meeting at which it was finally

and unanimously determined to apply to Parliament A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Kingdom was not held till after Christmas, and the Road com- Justices of the Peace in the Commissions of the Peace Harbour prised in the said Petition is the ancient Great Western for the Counties of Ffe and Mid-Lothian, respectively, Petitio1?-Turnpike Road; and that the Application is intended for themselves, and in Behalf of the other Justices of merely for a Renewal of the Term of the said Act; Peace for the said respective Counties, was presented with a small Amendment for' preserving the Foot to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pas-

Paths; and that although the Term has some short sage and Communication by the Ferry betwixt Leith Continuance, yet it might be attended with an Incon- and Kingdom is not only the general Access to the venience to the Trust, if the Term should by any Ac- County of Ffe, but also to the whole North of Scot-cident be permitted to expire; and that the Com- land, from the South, the Regulation of which Ferry mittee had directed him to report the same, together is under the Direction of the Justices of Peace of the with the Matter of the said Petition, as it appeared to said Counties of Fife and and who by them, to the House; and he read the Report in his special Acts of Parliament are required to provide Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s convenient Landing Places for the respective Ferries Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol- within their Counties; and that considerable Sums of loweth; viz. Money have been expended by the Heritors of the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the County of Ffe in erecting a Bason for the Purpose of said Act was read: And, deepening and improving the Harbour of Kinghorn or

James Clitherow, Esquire, being examined, said, Pettycurr; and that the said Harbour, Landing Place,

That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution and Access thereto, could be still farther improved,

Vol, 46. Y y and

Southwark

Hoads Bill presented.

Bermondsey Pot r Petition.

Surrey Gaol, itc. Petition.

174 14° Februariu A. 1791.

and the Corfttnunicatiott betwixt and the Lothiant rendered more easy and expeditions, by erecting a Pier or Landing Place at in the Neigh-

bourhood of Leith: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Harbour of Kingdom or Pettycurr, and the Access

thereto, and for building or erecting a Pier or Landing Place at Newhaven aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hope, Lord Frederick Campbell, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord William Russell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the said Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey; and that the Poor of the said Parish are of late greatly increased, and the Work-house of the said Parish is much out of Repair, and not at this Time sufficiently large and convenient for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the Said Parish who apply to be relieved therein, and it is found necessary to enlarge the Powers granted by fee said Act; and that certain Estates belonging to the said Parish are now vested in certain Persons, or Bodies Corporate, for certain Charitable Purposes, and it would be beneficial to the said Parish, if the said Estates were vested in the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, with proper Powers to grant Leases of the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, the said Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and for other the Purposes to be therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord William Russell, Mr. William Clement Finch, kc.And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

,. A Petition of the Right honourable George Lord Onslow, and the Right honourable Peter Lord King, and the bumble Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, assembled at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Surrey, and of the Gentle-aien, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County,

whose Names tire thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Common Gaol of the said County is too small, so greatly gone to Decay, and so inconveniently situated, that it is incapable of being effectually repaired, or sufficiently enlarged; and that the present Session House, situate at Saint Margaret's Hill, Southw* is an ancient Building, and at present in a dangerous and decayed State, and unsafe for the public Business of the said County; and that it is necessary that a new Gaol, with a House for the Gaoler, and other requisite Buildings and Conveniencies thereto, with proper Avenues to the same, should be erected and provided in a more commodious Situation, for the Use of the said County, for the Confinement of Criminals, Debtors, and others, and it is also necessary that a new Session House, to answer the public Purposes of the said County, should be built on the Ground intended to be purchased for the said Gaol, and other Accommodations, for the Use of the said County: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord William Russell, Mr. William Clement Finch, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Pembroke and other Inhabitants, of the severed Counties of and Carmar-Pembroke and Carmarthen, was presented to the House, *he!1 ,l"ads and read; Setting forth, That the Road from die Village of Robeston Wathan, in the said County of Pembroke, to the Town or Village of Saint in

the said County of Carmarthen, also the Road from Glandy Bank, in the Parish of Lkmdissilio, in the said County of Carmarthen, to the Village of in die said County of Pembroke, also the Road from Whitley Lane, in the Parish of Lampeter in the said County of Pembroke, to the Town or Village of Narberth, in the said County of Pembroke, also the Road from Lleiher, on Llandewy Hill, in the Parish of IMmdewy Velfrey, in the said County of Pembroke, to the End of the Lane leading to Lhoyn Garreg House, in the Parish of Llanvallteg, in the said County of Carmarthen, also the Road from the Town or Village of Narberth, in the said County of Pembroke, to Cnwcce yr C&n, in the Parish of New Moat, in the said County of Pembroke, also the Road from Egermont Bridge, in the Parish of Egermont, in the said County of Carmarthen, to the Little Mill,in the Parish of Blethers ton,

in the said County of Pembroke, also the Road from Cnwcce yr Cdm, in the Parish of New aforesaid, in the said County of Pembroke, to the Town or Village of Fishguard, in the said County of Pembroke, also the Rond from Tavernspite, in the Parish of Kiffick,

in the said County of Carmarthen, to Llech Clawdd, in foe Parish of Llanwinnio, in the said County of Carmarthen, and also the Road from Mudlake, in the Parish of Llangan, in the said County of Carmarthen, to foe Top of Bronscawen Hill, in the Parish of Llanboidy, in the said County of Carmarthen, are in many Parts much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and rendered safe and commodious, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, iu such Manner as foe House shall think proper.

Ordered, That foe said Petition be referred to foe 6 Consideration

.51 (jrEQi III*

14° Februarii't ~

175

Caaenove and Batard’s Nat. Bill committed.

Consideration! of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. &c.:

Arid they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Reoords.

A Pill for naturalizing Charles Theophilus and John Francis Batard, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Yarde, Mr. Butler, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

furnishing

Bullocks,

presented.

Letter to Sir The House being informed that Mr. ,from

A.Campbell, the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Contractgfor t^ie Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of 'a Letter from Messieurs Moorhouse, burn, and Campbell, to Sir Archibald Campbell, Governor in ‘Council of Fort Saint , dated 30th

January 1787, proposing to contract for furnishing Draught and Carriage Bullocks, with the Proceedings of the Governor and Council thereon; and such further Letters or Orders as appear in the Consultations relative to the furnishing Draught and Carriage Bullocks, down to the Period of the last Advices from Fort Saint George.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Indemnity Bill committed.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have Been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Eastwood Waste Grounds within the Parish of Eastwood, in the l"cl°sure Bill County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Weddell, Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John JVcnlehouse presented to the House, according S,ok« I '^Tr to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term an.d Powers of an p^wnied*. Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for emending and widening several Roads leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Melhwold Warren House to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the said County: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords tValker: llave passed

Mr. Speaker,

Tl;e Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act GoriefTVoy’s for naturalizing Peter Godeffivy, Johanna Catherine and, ^hor":.. Godeffroy, his Wife, and John Thornton; to which the 101151 au 1 ' Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time. Godeffrov's

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. . &c. Nat. Bill

read.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Land Tax the 3d Day of this Instant February, for the House to Commission* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Thursday next, upon the Bill for appointing re Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to " be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyone," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; >

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-

for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly ^ie , P*y f?1*3 ^nstant resolve

D . J 1 tciilf infrk tho cam I nrvkmittoa

stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House!

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Commute* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Marine a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Mutiny Bill. Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report whea the House will please to receive the same.

V01. 46.

itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion posed. That, in Consideration of the Length of Time touchin8th* which has already elapsed since carrying up the Im- ^nt^eainrt peachment now depending against Warren Hastings, Mr. Hasting*. Esquire, it appeals to this House to be proper, for the Purpose of obtaining substantial Justice with as little further Delay as possible, to proceed to no other Parts of the said Impeachment than those on which the Managers of the Prosecution have already closed their Evidence, excepting only such Parts of the said Impeachment as relate to Contracts, Pensions, and Allowances;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " excepting only " such Parts of the said Impeachment as relate to Coirtracts, Pensions, and Allowances."

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to a former Part of the Question, the said first proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " it appears to this House to be proper, for the Purpose " of obtaining substantial Justice with as little further

"Delay as possible, to proceed to no other Parts of " the said Impeachment than these on which the

" Managers

Motion to tcyourn Neg*

Resolution touching the Impeachment against Mr. Hastings,

Message to "the Lords that the House is ready to proceed.

Managers

appointed.

Letter to Sir A. Campbell, on a Contract for Bullocks, to be printed.

176 14° — 15° Febriiarii. A. 1791

" Managers of the Prosecution have already closed " their Evidence," in order to insert these Words, " this House will proceed no further in the said Impeachment," instead thereof}

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Hobsc do npw adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /Mf- Surmer’

1 ellers for the} eas, |Mr

fMr. Grey,

Tellers for the Noesx Mr. Michael Angelo [ Taylor:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " it " appears to this House to be proper, for the Purpose " of obtaining substantial Justice with as little further

Delay as possible, to proceed to no other Parts of " the said Impeachment than those on which the " Managers of the Prosecution have already closed " their Evidence," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle, s for the Y«s,{^h' N°rth' }'94-

Teller, for the Noes,{;^; } 54-

So it w’as resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the first proposed Amendment, to leave out the Words " excepting only such Parts of the said " Impeachment as relate to Contracts, Pensions, and " Allowances," was again proposed.

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

The House di\ided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for Yea, j l6l.

Teller, for the } 79-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That, in Consideration of the Length of Time which has already elapsed since carrying up the Impeachment now depending against Esquire, it appears to this House to be proper, for the Purpose of obtaining substantial Justice with as little further Delay as possible, to proceed to no other Parts of the said Impeachment than ihose on which the Managers of the Prosecution have already closed their Evidence, excepting only such Parts of the said Impeachment as relate to Contracts, Pensions, and Allowances.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships that this House is ready to proceed upon the Impeachment of JVarren Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, now depending before the Lords in Parliament, and to request that their Lordships will appoint a convenient Day for the further hearing of the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke, Mr. Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Windham, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Grey, Mr. Adam, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Dudley North, General Burgoyne, the Lord North, Mr. St. John, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Courtenay, and Sir James St. Clair Erskine, be the Managers to make good the Articles of Impeachment against JVarren Hastings, Esquire.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Paper which was this Day presented to the House by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Ciock.

Martis, ] 5* die Februarii;

Anno 31* Georgii III. B Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

r'|''HE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration JL the Petition of Sir John Honyuood, Baronet, and John Curtis, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of Sussex, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the' House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And several Members present having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in an Account of their Qualifications, and takin and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Twenty-seven Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) putinto Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-one other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Two on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Seven against whose Election Petitions were depending; One as being a Petitioner, complaining of an undue Election and Return; Nine as then serving on Select Committees; One on Account of having, in this Session, served on a Select Committee; and One on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated the Honourable John Eliot, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members nominated Richard Payne Knight, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And

Supply deferred.

Ways and Me.ms deferred*

Steyning

Election

Petition

considered.

Proceedings on East India Judicature Act.

Cardigan Roads Bill committed.

Bromyard Roads Peti* lion.

Ross Roads Bill commuted*

Mat my Bill presented.

31 Geo. III. 15° Februani. 177

And Lists of the Forty-nine Nafnes being delivered to A Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God nirdham In-the Counsel, the Door of the House was opened; and Sir William Ashbumham, Baronet, py Divine Permis- closure Peti-the Counsel and Agents withdrew. sion Lord Bishop of , ami, in Right of such t">D*

his Bishoprick, Lord of the Hundred of Manhood, in Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk the County of Sussex, and also of the Manor of Cack-had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the ham,within the same Hundred, and the humble Peti-Names of all tire Members of this House who had tion of the several other Persons whose Names are delivered in Lists in pursuance of the Directions of an thereunto subscribed, having Interest in the Premisses*

Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of was presented to tire House, and read; Setting forth,

His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of tire That there is, within the said Hundred and Manor,

Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed and in the Parish of in the County aforesaid,

in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein a certain Open Waste or Common, called Birdham mentioned. Commoncontaining, by Estimation, about 400 Acres

(being Part of a large Waste or Common, called The A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Manhood Common, within the said Hundred); and that enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth the said Waste or Common, called Birdham,

Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several in its present State is of little Value to the Persons Roads in the County of Cardigan, and for repairing interested therein, but, if divided and inclosed, would other Roads in the said County, was read a Second he capable of great Improvement; And therefore Time. praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Johnes, the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the the Earl of Lisburne, &c.: And they are to meet this House shall seem meet.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Chamber. suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Thomas Pelham and Mr. Plumer do prepare, and bring A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in in, the same.

Execution Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, A Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God Westwitter-and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Sir William AJiburnham, Baronet, by Divine Permis- ingandCjAck* Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the sion Lord Bishop of Chichester, and, in Right of such Petition. Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and his Bishoprick, Lord of the Hundred of Manhood, other Roads adjoining thereto, was presented to the in the County of Sussex, and also of the Manor of House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Cackham, within the same Hundred, and the humble have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and Petition of the severaj other Persons whose Names are have borrowed a' considerable Sum of Money on the thereunto subscribed, having Interest in the Premisses,

Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls col- was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, lected, have been duly applied, according to the Di- That there is, within the said Hundred and Manor, lections of the said Acts; and that the Money so and in the Parish of Westwittering, in the County1 borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads ef- aforesaid, a certain Open Waste or Common, called fectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Westwitt Common, containing, by Estimation, about Terms of the said Acts are further continued, the 200 Acres (being Part of a large Waste or Common,

Tolls augmented, and other Powers granted: And called The Manhood Common, within the said Hundred)

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring and also a certain other Open Waste or Common, in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, called Cackham Green, containing, by Estimation, about and under such Regulations, as the House shall think 50 Acres; and that the said Wastes or Commons, proper. called Westwittering Common and Cackham Green, in

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the their present State, are of little Value to the Persons Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- interested therein, but, if divided and inclosed, would mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall be capable of great Improvement: And therefore

appear to them, to the House: praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir George for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to Comewalt, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow the House shall seem meet.

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Chamber; and have Pow er to send for Persons, Papers, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. and Records. Thomas Pelham and Mr. Plumer do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

A Bill for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His pre- A Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are Brigbthelm-sent Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an 8tou Kottd» leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Here- Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Peti^on* ford; and for amending widening, and keeping in Re- Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads leading pair, certain Streets or Highways within the said Town, from to The County Oak on LoveU

and also certain small Pieces of Road communicating Heath, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the with the Roads comprized in the said Act, was read a House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Second Time. have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alder- have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the man Harley, Sir George Corhewall, &c.: And they are Credit thereof, which now remain unpaid, and cannot to meet this Afternoon, af Five of the Clock, in the be repaid, and the said Road made, and kept in Speaker’s Chamber. good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the Act Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, accord- in other Respects made more effectual: And there-ing to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a and for the' better Payment of the Army and their Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Quarters: And the same was received; and read the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner, and un*

First Time. der such Regulations, as to the House shall seem

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. meet.

Voi» 46. Z z,

178 15° Februarii. . 1791.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Plamer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; qnd have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

rected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ouze Navigation Petition (from Newhaven to Lewes Bridges)

Great Kinston Inclosure Bill committed.

Glasgow Upads Bill reported.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze from Newhaven to Lewes Bridge, and of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying in the Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the River Ouze is at present navigable, from hacen to Lewes Bridge aforesaid, for small Barges, and at certain Times of the Tide, and that, by widening, deepening, embanking, and rendering straight by divers new Cuts, the Current of the said River, the same may be made navigable more constantly, and for Vessels of a larger Burthen, whereby the Trade and Commerce upon the said River will be considerably increased; and that the Drainage of the Lands in the said levels, which is at present imperfect, will also, by such Embankments, and other Improvements above mentioned, be materially assisted and improved, and the Public in general greatly benefited: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from to Lewes

Bridge aforesaid, and for the better draining the said Levels, in such Manner, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Plainer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land and Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Kineton, otherwise Kington, in the County of Warwick, called Great Kineton. Field, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to in

the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating the rewith; and for the more effectually repairing the stud Roads, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals, and new Bridge of Glasgow, to the Chapel of Cam-buslang, in the said County of Lanark, and Branches thereof, and for making and repairing the Road from the said Chapel of Cambuslang, till it joins the High Road leading from Hamilton, by Burnbank, towards Eaglcsham, in the County of Renfrew, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several^ Amendments thereunto, which they had di-

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Haverford-holders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Pern- p*®*t^>ad* broke, Was presented to the House, and read; Setting 1 on‘ forth, That the Road leading from Haverfordwest to Fishguard, and from Fishguard, through Newport, to Danderwen Hill,in the Parish of and to the

Junction of the Road from HenUyto Cardigan, in

the Parish of Bayvil, and also the Road leading from Haverfordwest, through Maenchlochog, to the Bottom of VronlaseHill, in the Parish of Manachgloddn, and

also the Road leading from Haverfordwest to Saint David's, and from Saint David's to Caerfai, and from Saint David's to Fishguard aforesaid, and also the Road leading from Stephen's Ford, -in the Parish of ton, to Poll Tax Inn, in the Parish of Castlebyth, are in many Parts thereof much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and rendered safe and commodious to the Public by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barlow, the Earl of -burme, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of Petition the Port of Hull, was presented to the House, and read; relating to Setting forth, That by virtue 9f an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich,

Power was given to Trustees to settle and impose the several Rates and Duties therein mentioned on Ships,

Vessels, and Crayers, coming to, going from, and passing by, Ramsgate, or coming into the Harbour there, which Rates and Duties were to be applied towards the enlarging, building, finishing, and maintaining Ramsgate Harbour, and for other Purposes; and that, in as much as many Ships, which by the said Act are charged with the said Rates or Duties, cannot use or do derive any Advantage from the said Harbour, and that many Vessels, which by the said Act are exempted from the said Rates or Duties, do derive an Advantage by the Use of the said Harbour, and that the Monies already invested in Public Securities, and the Monies now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer, together with a reasonable Duty to be imposed on Vessels actually using the said Harbour, or which can have the Use thereof, would be amply-sufficient to defray all the Expences in maintaining the said Harbour in every Respect: Therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the Marnier in which an Act, made in

the

the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of " and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven " A ndwich,"has been carried into Execution, what Rates mid Duties have been imposed, and what Sums of Money have been collected by virtue thereof, and to what Purposes such Money has been applied.

Mr. Town- A Petition of George Townend, of the City of York, end’s Petition Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; caste*Inc?o- ^"king Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing sure Bill. the Open Common Fields, Common Ings, Stinted Pasture, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Tadcaster, in the County of and

County of the City of York; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of the adjoining Manor of Grimston, in the West Riding of the said County, and Owner of all the Lands in Grimston aforesaid, immediately adjoining upon the said Manor of Tadcaster, great Part whereof are subject to be frequently overflowed with Water from the Rivers Wharf and Cock, or One of them; and that the Petitioner understands it is intended, by the said Bill, to give Authority to the Commissioners to change or stop up any Roads (except Turnpike Roads) and to make certain Banks or other Works of Drainage, in Tadcaster aforesaid, which the Petitioner apprehends will materially affect and injure his Estate in Grimston aforesaid: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the Clauses and Provisions of the said Bill, and that be may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Mrs. Fair- A Petition of Sarah , Widow, was also pre-

fax's Petition sented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice 9* of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner, as Tenant for Life, is entitled to or interested in the Manor of Tolston, in the said County of York, and certain Lands contiguous and lying open to the Common or Waste Ground in Tadcaster aforesaid, and the Petitioner apprehends her Title thereto and Interest therein, and in and to certain valuable Buildings erected thereon, may be materially prejudiced or affected by the Provisions of the said Bill concerning the Boundaries of the Common or Waste Ground in the said Manor of Tadcaster, where the same adjoins upon Tolston aforesaid: And therefore praying, That she may be heard, by herself or her Counsel, against the Clauses and Provisions of the said Bill, and that she may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Chaddesden A Petition of Sir Robert Mead Wilmot, Baronet, Inclosure and several other of the Owners and Proprietors of

Petition. Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Liberty

of Chaddesden, in the Parish of Spondon, and County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Liberty of Chaddesden, several Open or Common Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing together 900 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors of the said Open or . Vox.. 46.

Common Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the respective Persons entitled thereto: And therefore pruning, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and in- closing the said ()|>en or Common Fields, Meadow,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem

O w

meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And tlrat Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare^ and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are ifaanor and thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors Cudnor of Lands and Hereditaments within the Lordsliijw or h,r,osur« Liberties of Heanor and Codnor, in the Parish of Hia- etlUou* nor, in the County of Derby, was preaeuted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Lordships or Liberties, several Commons or Waste Grounds belonging to the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the said respective Lordships or Liberties, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the 6ame were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Person^ interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the said Commons or Waste Grounds might be greatly improved:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons or Waste Grounds in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as (he House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors or Ny]ands Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Income Bill

with Badcombe, in the County of Somerset, was read a committed. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pop-ham, Mr. Phelips, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber;

A Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Burford Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and Bill widening the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from Burford aforesaid to the Turnpike Road leading to Stow, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swer-ford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumer, the Marquis of Blandford, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Aylesbury thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Road Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One of them Petition, passed in the Tenth Year, of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between and

Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, and the other of the said Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the aforesaid Act, and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Postcomb and in the said

County

180 15° FebmaA. 1791.

County of Oxford, wa's presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, and a large Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls thereof, which cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged and amended; and that it would facilitate the Execution of the Trust, if the present Powers-, and such Alterations and Additions as mAy be deemed requisite, were consolidated into One Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Marine Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from

Mutiny' Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

reporte . for Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Indemnity to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, BlU‘ upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have

omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissious duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and hie Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Earl of Carysf'ort took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Earl of CarysJ'ort reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Koithan’s A Petition of Frederick Kuithan was presented to the Nat.Petition. House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his- Naturalization.

7

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jackson and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Steynina returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the Election said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in hi's Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of the Honourable John Eliot and Richard Payne Knight, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is aS follows:

Joseph Sydney Yorlce, Esquire, the Honourable Hope, James Ferguson, Esquire, Alexander Callandet\

Esquire, Sir William Lemon, Baronet, Robert Mack‘ reth, Esquire, George Rose, Esquire, Nathaniel,

Esquire, Lord Viscount Downe of Wotton Basset,

Scroope Bernard, Esquire, Robert John Buxton, Esquire,

Sir James Grant, Baronet, Sir John Ingilby, Baronet; the Honourable John Eliot, Richard Payne,

Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir John Honyuood, Baronet, and John Curtis, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. *

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in -One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Selby Bridg* . Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names Petition, are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, and in the Vicinity thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is no Communication, except by Ferries, over the River Ouse, between the Ridings and Districts bounded by the said River, from the City of York to the River Humber, which are upwards of Forty Miles distant from each other by Water, and near Thirty by Land; and that . the Ferry over the said River at Selby aforesaid, called J Selby Ferry, is nearly Central, in both these Respects between the City of York and the Humber, much frequented by Passengers, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, and the only Way for the Inhabitants of several of thd adjacent Villages to pass to and from their Market; and that the Passage over the said Ferry, and every other Ferry upon the Ouse, is, at all Times, attended with Delay, in some Seasons dangerous, and at others impassable, and, if a Bridge was erected at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse at Selby, the same would be of great Public Utility, and of essential Service to the East, West, and North Ridings of the County of York, the Counties of Lincoln, Lancaster, and Westmorland, and the Town of Kingston upon Hull:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse at Selby aforesaid, and purchasing from the Person interested in the said Ferry his Right and Interest therein, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The

Committee on Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders.

Reported.

Petition from Hertford relating to the Corn Regulation Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro*-posed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders; and to " authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; " and for other Purposes therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Bunbury accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant February.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16* die Februarii; Anno 31° Georgii III1’1 Regis, 1791.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the bounty on British Com exported, is re-committed.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Koithan's Order, a Bill for naturalizing Frederick Koithaq: And Nat. Bill the same was received; and read the First presente.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners* Caine and Occupiers of Lands, and other the principal Inha- Swind°n bitants of, or residing in or near, the several Towns ^ds Peti‘ and Places of Caine, Swindon, Wootten-Bassett, Crick- lon* lade, Burton, Lyneham, Hillmarton, Dantsey, and Christian Malford, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads from Caine, through Hillmarton, Lyneham, Wootten-Bassett, and Purton, to Cricklade aforesaid, as also from Swindon, through Wootten-Bassett to Christian Malford Bridge, by Lyneham-Green, and Dantsey-Gate, through Christian Malford, in the said County of Wilts, are in a very founderous and ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Passengers, and the same cannot be effectually repaired, widened, turned, and altered, by the present Methods prescribed by Law; and that great Advantage would arise to the Public, if the said several Roads were made Turnpike, as there is at present no Communication by any Turnpike Road to such Parts of the said County as lie on the North of Caine but what is extremely circuitous, to the great Inconvenience of the whole Neighbourhood thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the above several Roads or Highways Turnpike Roads, and for that Purpose to raise Tolls thereon, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Powers, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Tylney Long, Mr.

Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds and Norfolk Praters. . Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Ma- Woolcombers

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Com- nufacturesof combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, in the comnnt' monalty, and Inhabitants of the Borough and County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, and County Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, was of the same City, was read a Second Time, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry That a Bill is depending in the House for regulating Hobart, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this the Importation and Exportation of Com, and for Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

other Purposes, whereby Inspectors are to be appoint- Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to

ed for particular Markets in the several Inland Coun- have Voices, ties in this Kingdom, for the Purpose of ascertaining

the Quantity and the Average Price of Corn in the A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in, Bowes Road said Markets; and that the appointing Inspectors for Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, made in the Petition, the Town of Hertford will be highly injurious, not Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King only to the Revenue of the Corporation, by carrying George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign

the Corn Trade from the said Town to other Markets of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

where no Inspectors are appointed, but likewise to Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stain-the Trade and Commerce, of the said Town, -unless more, in the County of Westmorland, and from Maiden Provision is made in the said Bill for appointing In- Castle to Kaber Cross, and to the Coal Works at Taylor spectors for the several other Com Markets in that Rigg, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts, and from Part of the Kingdom: And therefore praying the Barrow's Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, and from House to take the Case into Consideration, and grant Tan Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks and Punchatt the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem Pasture West Gate, to Whaw Lane Head, and by Lilly meet. Jocks to Reeth, in the said Counties, and of the

Vol. 46, 3 A several

m 16° Februarn A. 1791.

several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts into Execution have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in widening and repairing the said Roads, and the same are greatly improved'; and that the Term granted by the said Act of the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and which was continued for the further Term of Five Years by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and which was further continued and enlarged by the said Act of the Ninth of His present Majesty, is near expiring, and the Sum of £. 1,649, or thereabouts, still remains due on Mortgage of the said Tolls; and that several Alterations and Amendments arc necessary to be made in the said Acts, and the said Roads ' cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Money owing be repaid, unless the Terms aforesaid are further continued, and the said Acts amended, and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said former Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they' do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Robinson, Mr. t dard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Indemnity The Earl of Cary fort, according to Order, reported

Bill reported, from' the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill tb indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and' Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted tb be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted' to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications tb the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed tb by the Ilbuse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

II amts worth A Petition of the Right honourable William Earl of

Inclosure Dartmouth, and the humble Petition of George,

Petition. Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Handszcorth, in the County of Stafford, Thomas Lane, Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of Handswo in the aforesaid County of Stafford, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, Freeholders - in the said

Manor of Handsworth, in the said County of

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, in the said Manor of H, there is a Piece of Waste Land, called Handsworth Heath, otherwise Crabtree Flatt, and several other small Pieces of Waste Land, containing 270 Acres, or thereabouts, and likewise an Open Field, called Handsworth Field, containing about 73 Acres; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Freeholders of the said Manor, and to all Persons claiming any Interest in the said Wastes and Open Field Lands, if they had Liberty to divide and inclose the same, and to allot proper Parts thereof to the respective Persons who have Rights therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Littleton and Mr. John Robinson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of George 0‘Brkn, Earl of Egremont, Rother Nar»i>. Baron of Cockermouth, was presented to tire House, and gation Peti-read; Setting forth, That it would be highly advan- tion* tageous to the Public if the ‘River Rother was made Navigable from the Town, Borough, and Parish Midhurst, and through the Parishes of fVoollavington and Easebourn, in the County of Sussex, and through the Tything of South Ambersham, in the Parish of Steep, in the County of Southampton, and also through the several other Parishes of Selham,

Tillington, Burton, Duncton, Petworth, Egdean,

Coates, Fittleworth, Bury, Stopham, and Coldwaltham, in the said County of Sussex, to a certain Close, called The Railed Pieces, or Stopham Meadow, situate and lying in the said Parish of Stopham, and from thence to communicate by a Navigable Cut- or Canal with the River Arun at or near Stopham Bridge, in the said County of Sussex; and that the Petitioner is desiroos, at his own Expence, to undertake and finish the said Navigation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be’ given to bring in a Bill for making Navigable the River Rother within tire Limits aforesaid, and for making such Navigable Cut as aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sargent, Mr. Jodrell, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Marlow Road thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estate's, or residing Potion, within the Counties of Oxford and Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Great Afar low, in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many \

Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr.

Jodrell, See.: And they are to meet To-moftow Morning, at Ning of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

9 and

and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Jiacoln Poor, A Petition of Thomas Esquire, Mayor of

tec. Petition, ^he City of Lincoln, John Brown, Joseph Dell, John Cockle, Henry Swan, Aldermen, Butter Hunnings, George Bennett, John Hattersley, John Procter, Robert Vergette, and Richard Pickslay, Common Council of the said City, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Inhabitants of the said City of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the several Parishes of Saint Botolph, Saint Peter at Goats, Saint Mark, Saint Mary le Wigford, Saint Benedict, Saint Peter at Arches, Saint Martin, Saint Michael on the Mount, Saint Nicholas, Saint John, Saint Peter in Eastgate, and Saint Swithin, within the said City, are very numerous and burthensome to their respective Parishes, and that they might be better and more comfortably maintained and supported, and at less Expence than they are at present, if a convenient House or Houses were provided for their Reception, and proper Powers given for the Management and Regulation of them, and for employing such as are able to work; and that the Footways of certain Streets, within the City of Lincoln, are not properly paved, and the said Streets, and other Streets, Lanes, and public Passages and Places, within the said City, are not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, and it would be a great Benefit and Accommodation to the Inhabitants of the said City, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Footways were effectually paved and kept in Repair, and the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, were properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, and Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, removed and prevented for the future: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for carrying the above Purposes into Effect, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Baker,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Deretend and Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported

Bordesley from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several

Streets Peti. of principal Inhabitants of the Hamlets of Deretend

turn reporte . anej Bordesley, in the Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Hamlets, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Yates being examined, said, That the Great Road leading from the Town of Birmingham to London extends through the High Streets of the said Hamlets — That the Trade and Popularity of the said Hamlets are greatly increased, and that several new Streets have been lately erected therein, by Reason whereof a greater Number of Carriages are now used than formerly in conveying Goods and Merchandize — That the Streets, Lanes, and Places within the said Hamlets are not properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, Vol. 46.

and are subject to various Nuisances,. Annoyances* Obstructions, and Encroachments — That it would be to the Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlets, if the same were properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the Nuisances, Encroachments, and Obstructions removed; and if the Carts and Carriages used in the said Hamlets were put under proper Regulations, and the Owners and Drivers thereof properly restricted.

Mr. John Sanders being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for cleansing, lighting, and watching, and levelling the Surfaces of the Streets and other public Places, within the Hamlets of Deretend and Bordesley, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, and regulating the Driving of Carts and other Carriages used for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh and Sir Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom Whitchurch the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are R(,ad Peti* thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the- tion rePorted* other Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Holding being examined, said. That great Progress hath been made in amending the said Road, for which Purpose considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by' the said Act, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Road be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks: And that Mr.

Jervoise, Mr. Minchin, and Mr. John Thomas do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Poor Bill the Laws in being for the Relief and Settlement of the committed, Poor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Popham,

Mr. Jekyll, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chafnber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices. ’

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, having Mr. Speaker received Information, by a Certificate, dated the 14th acquaints the Day of this Instant February, and subscribed by Two hehadgiven Members of this House, of the Death of George Notice of Augustus Sehvyn, Esquire, late one of the Sitting Mr. Selwyn’s Members for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the Death-County of Wilts, whose Election and Return to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is complained of by several Petitions presented to this House, he had, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the

184 16° Februarii.A. 1791.

u the further Regulation of the Trials of (controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," given Notice thereof to the Returning Officer of the said Borough, and had also caused a like Notice to be inserted in London Gazette, which was ' published on Tuesday the 15th Day of this Instant February.

Copies of which Notices are as follow; viz.

Mr Shaker’s Whereas, by a Certificate in Writing, subscribed by

Notice of Two Members of the House of Commons, I have re* Death!*708 ce*ve^ Information of the Death of George Augustus Setwyn, Esquire, late one of the Sitting Members for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of , whose Election and Return to serve in Parliament for the said Borough was complained of by several Petitions presented to4be House of Commons, which are ordered to be taken into Consideration on the 24th Day of March next: Now, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " further Regulation of the Trials of controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," I do hereby give you Notice thereof. Given under my Hand, the 15th Day of February . 1791*

Henry Speaker,

To the Returning Officer of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgers, in the County of Wilts.

Whereas, by a Certificate in Writing, subscribed by Two Members of the House of Commons, I have received Information of the Death of George Augustus Selwyn, Esquire, late one of the Sitting Members for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, whose Election and Return to serve in Parliament for the stud Borough was complained of by several Petitions presented to the House of Commons, which are ordered to be taken into Consideration on Thursday, the 24th Day of March next: Now, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, t " An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials " of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members " to serve in Parliament," I do hereby give Notice thereof. Given under my Hand, the 15th Day of February 1791.

Henry Addington, Speaker.

Mr. Town- A Petition of the Honourable John Thomas shend’s Peri- shenci was presented to the House, and read; Setting admitted^ a forth, That the Petitioner observes, by The London Party on the Gazette published Yesterday, that the Right honourable Trial of the the Speaker of the House of Commons has therein given Election Notice, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Twenty-Petitions. eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the " Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of " Members to serve in Parliament," that he had received Information (by the Certificate mentioned in such Notice) of the Death of George Augustus Selwyn, Esquire, late one of the Sitting Members for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, whose Election and Return, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough w'as complained of by several Petitions presented to the House, which are ordered to be taken into Consideration on Thursday, the 24th Day of March next: That, by the Act referred to in the said Notice, it is enacted, that, within Thirty Days after the Day on which such Notice shall have been inserted in The Gazette, any Person claiming to have had a Right to vote at such Election may petition the House, praying to be admitted as a Party in the room of such Member, of whose Death such Notice shall have been

given, and that such Person, so petitioning the House, shall thereupon be admitted as a Party, and shall be considered as such to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: That the Petitioner did claim to have a Right to vote at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and did actually give his vote for the said George Augustus Selwyn, since deceased, and the Honourable William Assheton bord, who were, as the Petitioner contends, duly elected and returned to serve in this present Parliament as Members for the said Borough, and the Petitioner also insists that the Allegations of the several Petitions of John Drummond and Robert Drummond, Esquires, and also of the several Electors of the said Borough, complaining of the said Election and Return, are not well founded, and cannot, as the Petitioner apprehends and believes, be supported by Proof; and that the Petitioner is desirous of supporting his own Right, and the Rights of those who gave their Votes at the said Election for the said Mr. Setwyn And therefore praying, That he may be admitted as a Party before the House, and the Select Committee to be appointed to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions, in the room of the said George Augustus Selwyn, Esquire, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

The House was moved, That the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Honourable John Thomas Townshend be admitted a Party in the room of the said George Augustus Selwyn, Esquire, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of Dame Jane T Widow and Trafford's Relict of Sir Clement Trqfford, Knight, deceased, was Name Peri-presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That tion* the Petitioners Brother, Edward Southwell, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing Date the Twenty-ninth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, gave and devised all his Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, not therein otherwise devised, whether Freehold or Copyhold, and also, from and after the Death of his Mother, Jane Southwell, since deceased, all his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in -

worth, in the County of Lincoln, unto and to the Use of Robert Colville, Esquire, therein named, his Heirs and Assigns, upon Trust, by and out of the Rents and Profits of the said Premisses to raise and pay the Annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds unto his, the said Testator’s, Brother, Henry Southwell, Clerk, since deceased, and to retain the Residue to be applied in Aid of his Personal Estate for the Payment of his Debts,

Legacies, and Funeral Expences; and from and after Performance of the Trusts aforesaid to settle the said devised Premisses to the said Henry Southwell, for his Life, with a ‘proper Limitation for preserving contingent Remainders, with Remainder to his First and other Sons successively, in Tail Male; Remainder to his First and other Daughters successively, in Tail Female; Remainder to such First and other Sons successively, in Tail General; Remainder to such First and other Daughters successively, in Tail General; Remainder to the Petitioner and her Descendants, Male and Female, in like Course of Settlement as was therein before directed with respect to the said Henry South-well and his Descendants; with the ultimate Remainder in Fee to William Southwell therein named; and directed, that in such Settlement there should be contained proper Provisoes or Clauses to the Effect therein mentioned, and, amongst others, for obliging the several Persons who should be entitled to take any Estate in Possession under the Settlement thereby directed as aforesaid, when, and as they should respectively come into such Possession, to take and use‘the

Surname

31 Geo. III. 16° Februarii. 185

Surname of Southwell, and write and subscribe themselves by that Surname, and to do their Endeavoui*, within a proper. Time, to obtain an Act of Parliament for that Purpose; and that the said Henry Southwell departed this Life, without Issue, in the Life Time of the said Edward Southwell,the Testator; and that the said Edward Southwell departed this Life, in or about the Month of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, and thereupon the Petitioner became entitled in Possession to the said Manors and other Hereditaments, by the said Will devised, and thereby directed to be settled as aforesaid, and is now in Possession thereof accordingly, and is desirous of obtaining an Act of Parliament for taking and using the Surname of Southwell, pursuant to her said Brother’s Will: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to take and use the Surname of Southwell, pursuant to the Will of Edward Southwell, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Anstruther, and Mr. Adam do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Accounts

ordered. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Customs, Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes paid

Excise, into the Exchequer under the Heads of Customs,

Incidents* Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, from the 6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791, both inclusive; distinguishing the Produce of each Year.

Customs. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs, from the 6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce of every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000, or more.

Excise. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise, from the 6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791, both Days inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce of every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or upwards.

Stamps. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties on Stamps, from the 6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more.

Houses. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Inhabited Houses under an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty which, in pursuance of the said Act, have been paid over to the Receiver-General of the Customs, from the 6th Day of 1786 to the

5th Day of January 1791, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Land and Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Malt. Account of the Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Annual Duties on Land and Malt in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790; distinguishing each Year, and each Tax; viz. the Land Tax from Lady Day to Lady Day, and the Malt Tax from Midsummer to Midsummer.

Lottery. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, stating the Sums raised by Way of Lottery in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790, with the Amount of the Money paid for Prizes, and for Charges of Management, in each Year.

Vol. 46.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sums applied Account of all Sums paid into the Exchequer, or applied *® die Public to the Public Service, in the several Years from the Service'

6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791, both inclusive, not being Part of the Sums paid on Account of the Annual Produce of the Duties under the Heads of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, or on Account of the Annual Land and Malt Taxes, or on Account of the Lottery.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties Account of the Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, imP08ed 8ub* of all Duties imposed subsequent to the 6th Day of ^"January January 1786, specifying the Time when the said ,786. 7

Duties respectively commenced, and distinguishing the Produce of each Duty in each Year, to the 5th Day of January 1791.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Navy. Account, shewing the Amount of the Sums granted by Parliament for the Service of His Majesty’s Navy in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790, respectively; and also, an Account of the Outstanding Debt of the Navy on the 31st of December in each of the said Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Land Forces. Account, shewing the Amount of the Sums granted by Parliament for the Service of His Majesty’s Land Forces in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790, respectively; and also, an Account of the Extraordinary Expences incurred and paid for the Service of the Army in each of the said Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ordnance. Account, shewing the Amount of the Sums granted by Parliament for the Service of His Majesty’s Ordnance in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790, respectively; and also, an Account of the Expences in- , curred for Services not provided for by Parliament in each of the said Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Militia. Account of the Sums paid out of the Produce of the Land Tax in each Year, from the 6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791,^for the Service of the Militia.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exchequer Account of the Expence incurred for Interest on Exchequer Bills in the Years 1786, 1787,1788, 1789, and 1790, respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an MUcellane-Account of all Expences incurred under the Head of ou* Service*. Miscellaneous Services in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788,

1789, and 1790; distinguishing each Year, and each Article.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an PuUicDebt*. Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they stood on the 5th Day of January in the Years 1780,

1787, 1788, 1789, 1790, and 1791, respectively, with the Annual Interest, and other Charges payable thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Aggregate Account of the several Charges on the Aggregate and Consolidated Funds in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, ate *’

1789, and 1790, respectively, exclusive of the Interest on the Public Debts.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an National Account of the Total Amount of Stock purchased by Debt* the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, as the same stood on the 1st Day of February 1791, with the Amount of the Annual Interest of the same; and also, an Account of the Monies issued to the said Commissioners between the 5th Day of July 1786 and the 1st Day of February 1791.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town and Petition Neighbourhood of Worksop, in the County of Notting- cl^sand ham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Budby Road forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application Bill 1

3 B is

'by

186 16* — 17*

is intended to be made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making, widening, altering, and repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road leading from in the County of York, to Man in the said County of Nottingham, at or near Clown, in the County of Derby, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Worksop aforesaid to Kelham, near Bud in the said County of Nottingham: And praying That the said intended Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the table.

Commute* Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare to prepare Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of

Ultimate, *e Militia, for the Year 1791.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Steele, Mr. Rose, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Proceedings The House was moved, That an Act, made in the on East India Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Act!*1" jesty. for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, night be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lists which had been before delivered Sn at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said lists were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lists be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the same; and report to the House, upon Monday next, the Names of every Member whose Name shall appear in Twenty or more of the said Lists:

And they are referred to Mr. Steele, Mr. Stanley, Sir William Young, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Sargent, Mr.

Mr. Jodrell, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Mr. Scott,

Mr. Glover, Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Baker, Mr. Pochin, Mr. Smyth, Sir Thomas Mr. Rose,

Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Dundas,the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Eliot, Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Craufurd, Mr. Aldridge, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Thornton, Mr. thome, Mr. Neville, Mr. Amiesley, Mr. Long, or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Rive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Sugar Duty Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Bill deferred. jDg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty aii additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom.

Supply Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-

deferred. rag next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Meaw ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,- Ten of the Clock.

Februarii. . 1791.

Jovis, 17* die Februarii;

Anno 310 Georgii IIP8 Regis, 1791.

Praters.

tpREDERICK Koithantook the Oaths appointed,

in order to his Naturalization.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Sir James Laroche, Baronet, and John Sullivan, Esquire; and also, the Petition of John Pomeroy, Esquire, Joseph Ed Gentleman, William Hamley, Surgeon, Thomas Flamank, Gentleman, Philip Deacon, Gentleman, and Samuel Spiller, Saddler, of the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of being Persons who had a Right to vote at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on Behalf of themselves and others, who were at the said Election lawful Electors for the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Meritsyof the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon; That the said Committee, pursuant to their Adjournment of Yesterday, met this Morning, at Ten of the Clock, when the Chairman received a Letter from Charles Small Pybus, Esquire, (One of the Members of the said Select Committee) stating, that the sudden Death of a near Relation had rendered him unable to attend his Duty on the said Committee this Day.

And the House being informed that Mr. Pybus would be able to attend the said Committee on Saturday or Monday next;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Pybus be excused for his Non-attendance this Day on the said Select Committee; and that he have Leave to absent himself from the said Committee till Monday Morning next

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to adjourn from Tomorrow till Monday Morning next

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Seventeen Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read, in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Three Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Call, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Thirty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Charles James For being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the

Koithan

sworn.

Bodmin

Election

Petitions

considered*

Report from

Okehampton

Election

Committee,

respecting

the Absence

of Mr. Pybus*

Proceedings on Bodmin

Election

Petitions*

Loes and Wilford Poor Petition.

31 Geo. III.

17° Febm.

187

the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Name of the Right honourable Edmund Burke was drawn, who having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Thirty-four other Members then present, were drawn and set aside; Two on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Eleven against whose Election Petitions were depending; One as being a Petitioner, complaining of an undue Election and Return; Eighteen as then serving on Select Committees; ana Two on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk,

was presented to the House, and read; Getting forth, That an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Hundreds, whereby the Petitioners were authorized to erect and fit up certain Buildings for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, and to borrow Money to defray the Expence thereof, and also to make certain Rates or Assessments upon the Inhabitants for paying the Interest of the Money so to be borrowed, and for defraying the Expence attending the Management, Support, and Maintenance of the Poor, and divers other Powers and Authorities were given to the Petitioners for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution; and that, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities aforesaid, the Petitioners have caused several Buildings to be erected and fitted up, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, which has been applied in defraying the Expence of erecting and fitting up the said Buildings, and in the Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and that the Petitioners have not a Power, under the said Act, of borrowing more than £. ioo over and above what is already borrowed, and a larger Sum is wanted for the immediate necessary Repairs, Alterations, and Enlargement, of the aforesaid Buildings, and the Money arising by the said Rates or Assessments is found insufficient for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor within the said Hundreds; and that the said Act is in other Respects ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended, and, unless the said Rates or Assessments are increased, and some Amendments made to the said Act, the Poor within the said Hundreds cannot be properly maintained and supported, and the said Buildings sufficiently repaired, altered, or enlarged, nor the Money borrowed be paid off and discharged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Rous, Mr. Cocks, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vojl. 46.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to clown and

whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Budby Road Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners PetitV"i of Estates, or residing in- the several Counties ofrepor Nottingham and Derby, or One of them, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Skymter being examined, said, That the Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham, in the County of York,to Mansfield, in the County of

Nottingham, at or near Chum, in the said County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road leading from in the said County of Nottingham, to Kelham, in th& same County, at or near Budby, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually widened and repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and altering the Road from the Rotherham and Mansfield Turnpike Road at or near Chum, in the County of Derby, to the Worksop and Kelham Turnpike Road at or near Budby, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare, and bring , in, the same.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town Petition in of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, was presented Favour to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Gloucester Petitioners are informed that a Bill is depending for canal Bill, enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal from or near a Meadow called Widsmarsh, within the Liberties of the City of Hereford, by Way of Ledbury, to communicate with the River Severn, at or near a Meadow called Ox Leaxe, within the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, from Upleadon Green to or near to the Town of Newent, in the said County of Gloucester:And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke reported from the Com- Butterton mittee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees ap- M°°r End pointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, tion made and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing,

" widening, turning, and altering the Roads from " Butterton Moor End, near Oncott, in the County of " Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike " Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the " County of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the " County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading " from Buxton to Ashborne, near Newhaven, in foe " County of Derby, and from Warslow to Ecton Mine,

" in the County of Stafford," and of several of the Creditors who have lent their Monies on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, whose Names are there* unto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, with respect to the Notices directed to be given in the Newspapers, that no Notices were given at the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, as directed by the said Standing Orders, owing to the sudden Illness of the Person employed to give the same, but that Notice thereof was given

188

17° Februarii.

A. 1791-

given at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

George Goddtoin, Esquire, being examined, said,

That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof — That the Sum of £.3,600 now remains unpaid, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper' Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act (and which is now near expiring) be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, ana altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Roads from Butter-ton Moor End, near Oncott, in the county of,

to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, near Newhaoen, in the County of Derby, and from WdrAow to Ecton Mine, in the County of Stafford: And that Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Lord George Cavendish, and Mr. Mundy, do prepare, and bring in, the same;

Hereford and Mr. Scudamore presented to the House, according

Gloucester to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Fortnight, the 7th Day of March next

f ggWftn Mr. Darnel Parker Coke presented to the House,

Inclosure Bill according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing presented. the Common and Open Reids, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish olEgginton, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Earl Com- Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

wallis’s Let-' Copies of the Letters from Earl Cornwallis, Governor ters relative General in Council of Bengal, to the Presidency of to Tippoo -pert Saint George, under Date the 29th of August, 9th of September, and 13th of November 1789, or of such Paragraphs thereof as contain any Orders or Instructions to that Presidency, relative to the Matters in Dispute between Tippoo Sultan and the Rajah of Tra-

Canal Bill presented.

Sultan, &c. ordered.

vancore.

Indemnity -An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Bill passed, omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions 8

duly stamped; to give further Time to such Person* as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide. Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persona as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Sir James St.Clair Erskine do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copy of the Treaties made by Sir Archibald Campbell, the Nabob of Arcot, and the Rajah of and the subsequent Proceedings thereon: And also,

Copies of the Correspondence between the Governments of Bengal and Madras, and the Nabob of Arcot, and the Rajah of Tanjore, relative to the Government of Madras having assumed the Management of the Revenues of the Carnatic and Tanjore, — iu Five Volumes.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Shoolbred, from Account, kc. the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading African to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the p Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1789 — The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence " under its proper Titleand also,

.A Paper, intituled, " 1789 — Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read. *

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ellonghtoa thereunto subscribed, being Owners of several Unin- Inclosure closed Lands and Grounds within the Townships of Pet'don. EUoughton, Brough, and IValdby, otherwise Waudby, in

the

Treaties made by Sir A. Campbell, the Nabob of Arcot, &c. — and Correspondence relative to the Management of the Revenues of the Carnatic, &c-presented.

3] Geo. III.

17° Febru

189

the Parish of Ellongh ton, in the East Riding of the nnstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of County of York, was presented to the House, and read; John Call, Esquire, and the Right honourable Charles Setting forth, That there are, within the said Town- James being added, the same was called over; ships, certain Open, Arable, or Tillage Eields, and and is as follows:

also certain Open Pastures, Meadows, and Commons, Augustus Spencer Esquire, John

the Property of the Petitioners and others; and that Campbell, Esquire, John Dent, Esquire, Morris llo~ the said Open Lands and Grounds are, in their present Esquire, William Nisbet, Esquire, Henry Strachey,

Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; Esquire, Esquire, Sir John Rous,

but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific 1 la rone t, James Esquire, the Honourable

Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested Somers Cocks, James Buller, Esquire, John Tre-

therein, great Advantage would arise thereby to the ronton, Esquire, Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, John Petitioners, and the other Persons interested in the said Esquire, the Right honourable Charles James

Fox.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir James Laroche, Baronet, and John Sullivan, Esquire; and also of the Petition of John

Haverfordwest Roads PrUtioa reported.

Lands and Grounds: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Esquire, Joseph Gentleman, William

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that ley. Surgeon, Thomas Gentleman, Philip

Mr. Duncombe and Mr. H Majorcc do prepare, and Deacon, Gentleman, and Samuel Spiller, Saddler, of bring in, the same. the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall,

being Persons who had a Right to vote at the last Mr. Barlow reported from the Committee, to whom Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the

the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold- said Borough, on Behalf of themselves and others, ers, and other Inhabitants of the County of Pembroke, who were at the said Election lawful Electors for the

Bodmin

Election

Committee

appointed.

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to pointed for hearing the Trials of controverted EleC' them, to the House; and he read the Report in his tions.

said Borough, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers ap-

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Rees Stokes being examined, said, That the Road from Haverfordwest to Fishguard, and from Fishguard,

through A 'euport,to Danderaen Hill, in the Parish of Meline, and to the Junction of the Road from to Cardigan, in the Parish of and also the Road

leading Iroru Huverjorduxst,through Maenehlochog,

to the Bottom of Vroulase Hill, in the Parish of Ala-ttachgloddu, and also the Road leading from fordwest to Saint Davids, and from David’s to

Caaj'ai, and from Saint David's to Fishguard aforesaid,

and also the Road leading from Stephen's Ford, in the Parish of Rudhaxton, to Poll Tax Inn, in the Parish of

Castlebyth, are in many Parts much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and repaired, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Haverfordwest, through the Town of Fishguard, to the Town of Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and also from the Town of Fishguard, towards the City of Saint David's, so far as a

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to en- Expiring quire w hat Laws are expired, or near expiring; and Laws Com-to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the m,tUe "P-House, which of them are ftt to be revived or conti- p01nte nued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Rose, Mr.

Gilbert, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to amend Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Act respect-jesty, intituled, "An Act for removing any Doubt *ng Troops " respecting the Power of the Commissioners for Indies " the Affairs of India to direct that the Expence of ordered.

" raising, transporting, and maintaining, such Troops " as may be judged necessary for the Security of " the British Territories and Possessions in The East " Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues " arising from the said Territories and Possessions;

" and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues, in the Manner therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending so much of the said Act as re-

certain Place called Jordamton Hater, in the said

County of Pembroke: And that Mr. Barlow and Mr. lates to such Directions as shall be given or approved Rice do prepare, and bring in, the same. by the said Commissioners, with respect to the Payment

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of certain Proportions of His Majesty’s Forces in amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads India, and of t/ie European Forces of the East India leading from the Town of Haverfordwest to the City of Company, therein specified: And that Mr. Henry Saint David's, and from the said City to Caerjui, in the Dunda, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Comp-Parish of Saint David's, in the County of Pembroke: troller of the Household, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do

And that Mr. Barlow, Mr. Rice, Mr. John Campbell, prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir ICatkinLewes, and Mr. Aldridge, do prepare, and

bring in, the same. Mr. Burke reported, That he had, according to Order, Report of

been at the Lords, with the Message of Monday last (to Message to The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being acquaint their Lordships, that this House is ready to returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend proceed upon the Impeachment of Warren Hastings, MrfTla"* the said Committee delivered in to the House One of Esquire, now depending before the Lords in Parlia- tings's Trial.

ment, and to request that their Lordships will appoint a convenient Day for the further Hearing of the same) and that their Lordships gave for Answer, that they

3 C would

the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining Vol. 46.

would send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being proprinting eer- posed, That such a Number of Copies of the several tam Ea*t papers which were this Day presented to the House by superseded!" Mr. Morton (from the Directors of the India Company) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 18* die Februarii;

Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 1791.

Praters.

Trafford's "\/TR- Anstruther presented to the House, accord-Name Bill ing to Order, a Bill to enable Dame Jane Traf-

presented, ford. Widow and Relict of Sir Clement Trafford, Knight, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Southwell, pursuant to the Will of Edward Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St Alban and Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom South Mims the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Road Fetition thereunto subscribed, Trustees of the Turnpike Road reported. which leads through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the several Acts of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, the Eighth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the repairing and widening the said Road, were read: And

Mr. William Kentish being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Road, have been duly applied according to the Directions thereof — That the Sum of £3,791. 135. J\d. now remains due, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex: And that Mr. Plumer, Mr. Baker, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Harlow and Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty, and Srnmp Croa* the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Kippax Tn-Common Arable Fields, a Common Stinted Pasture, clwure called The Town Close, and a certain Common or Waste, C0UBni‘tted* called The Hollings, within the Manor and Township of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil-beiforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh presented to Deret«nd and the House, according to Order, a Bill for cleansing, Bordesley lighting, and watching, and levelling the Surfaces of the Streeu WH Streets and other public Places, within the Hamlets of Pre8eilte Deretend and Bordesley, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, and regulating the Driving of Carts and other Carriages used for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported WelUboum from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term Mountfort of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His ®n^ns^t(|^n* present Majesty, for amending the Road from ifoad Bill*1

Mountfort to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of reported. Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards- delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands and Wolvey in-Common Right in the Common and Open Fields, c.lo*ure Wolds, Heath, Common or Waste- Ground, within tion‘ the Parish of Wolvey, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors lie greatly intermixed and dispersed over the said Common Fields, and cannot be improved in the Manner they might be if inclosed; and that it would tend to the Advantage of

W

the several Parties interested if the said Common Fields,

Wolds, Heath, Common or Waste Ground, in the said Parish, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common or Waste Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Prtition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh and Sir Robert Laudey do prepare, and bring in, the same.

12 An

31 Geo. III.

18° Februa.

191

Glasgow Hoads Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending an Act, made in the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, jesty, for making and repairing the Road from the City allotting, and inclosing the said Commons and Waste of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in Lands, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to

the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the House shall seem meet.

the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that therewith; and for the more effectually repairing the Air. Crewe and Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do prepare, said Roads, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals, and bring in, the same, and new Bridge gf Glasgow, to the Chapel of Cam-

bustai/g, in the said County of Lanark, and Branches A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Sheffield thereof, and for making and repairing the Road the Township of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the from the said Chapel of Cambuslarig,till it joins the County of York, was presented to the House, and

High Road leading from Hamilton, by Burnbank, to- read; Setting forth, That from the great Increase of wards Eaglesham, in the County of Renfrew, was read the Poor of the said Township of late Years, the

S".....resent Workhouse is become too small for their

leception and Employment, and if the same was taken down, or otherwise disposed of, and a new Work-house erected in some convenient Place within the said

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

Whitchurch Koad Bill grtfteoied.

making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, Township, sufficiently large and commodious for the in the County of Lanark, to Aluirkirk, in the County of Reception and Employment of the Poor, they would Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said be better maintained, and at less Expence to the County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in tho County of Parishioners, than at present; And therefore praying, Dunfries, and other Roads communicating the rewith; That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for taking and for the more effectually repairing the said Roads, down, or otherwise disposing of, the present Work-and the Road from the Village of Gorbals, and new house for the said Township, and erecting a new one Bridge of Glasgow, to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the instead thereof, sufficiently large and commodious for said County of Lanark, and Branches thereof; and for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, in such making and repairing the Road f rom the said Chapel of Situation, and in such Manner, as the House shall think Cambuslang, till it join* the High Road leading from proper.

Hamilton, by Burnbank, towards Eaglesham, in the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the County of Renfrew. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

Ordered, Tlmt Sir James Steuart Denham do carry the examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Jervoise presented to the House, according to &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Godeffroy’s, and Thornton's Nat. Bill committed.

the 'l entil Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening die Road from in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Milford reported from the Committee, Pembroke to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the several Petition re-Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen, was referred; ported. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25 th of

Act for naturalizing Peter Godeffroy, Johanna Catherine April 1774. relative to Turnpike Bills, had been Godtffroy, his Wife, and John Thornton, was read a complied with; and that the Committee had examined Second Time- the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; Hoghtvn, Mr. Crate, See.: And they are to meet and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

Chapel on the Heath Hoad Bill presented

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Rushout presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of

delivered it in at the Clerks Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Hassell being examined, said, That he knows the several Roads in the said Petition particularly

an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for mentioned and described; that the same are greatly out repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, of Repair, and in many Parts in a ruinous Condition, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the — "J: ----- ----- n —: — " ~~A

Tarvin Inclosure Petition.

County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of in the County of

and narrow and incommodious for Carriages and Travellers, and that the same cannot be effectually amended, widened, and rendered safe and commodious, by the ordinary Course of Law-.

Ordered \That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Robeston Wathan to Clears, and from Xarbei'th, by Cnwcceyr to Fishguard, and from Egermont Bridge to the Little and from

Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting to Glandybank, and from I Pint ley Lane to

lUr-tk rl',k«fr 11 itkin oui/l PnricK aoworul \srr/ipr/h fln/1 frnm mi TJnnrlprnn hiill tn th#>

forth, That there are within the said Parish several Commons and Waste Lands, upon which the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments, tho same might be greatly improved, to the manifest Advantage of the Petitioners, and the several other Vo l. 4G.

Narberth, and from Llether, on Llandexvy Hill, to the End of the Lane leading to Llxvyngarreg House, and from Tavernspite to LlechcUrudd, and from Mud Lake to the Top of Bronscuwen Hill, in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen: And that the Lord Milford, Mr. Barlow, and Mr. Rice, do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

A Petition

King’s Sedgmoor Drainage and Division Petition.

Petition for making a Navigable Cut from the River Ruther to Hasling-bourne Bridge.

192 18° Februarii. A. 179L

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of George Earl of Baron of

of Estates having Right of Common, and other Rights, mouth, is referred: And that they do examine the

on King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, was pre- Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there appear to them, to the House, is a certain Tract of Waste Ground in the County of So-

memet, called King'j Sedgmoor, containing about 18,000 A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the Birmingham Acres, which lies in, or near, or adjoining to the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and "'orces-several Parishes of Somerton, Compton Dundon, Walton, Freeholders, and Manufacturers, in the City of War- p^*nn Othery, Chedzoy, Middlezoy, Westonzoyland, Bawdrip, cester and Town of Birmingham, and in the Counties

Bridgwater, Woollavington, Butleigh, Highham, Lowham, of Worcester and Warwick, and of the several other Shapzvick, Cossington, Greinton, Ashcott, Street, Pitney, Persons, whose Names ave thereunto subscribed, was

Alter, and Moorlinch,in the County of Somerset,presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

whereon, or where to, the several Lords and Ladies That it appears, by Levels and Surveys already taken,

of the Manors or Lordships of Somerton, Compton that a Navigable Canal for Boats, Barges, and-

Dundon, Walton, Othery, Chedzoy, Middlezoy, Weston- other Vessels, may be made from, or from near to, zoyland, Baicdrip, Dutewear, Sutton Mallett, Bradney, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick,

Stccwell, Catcott, Chilton Boioer, Horsey, Woollavington, to join and communicate with the River at

Butleigh, Highham, Lowham, Edington, Shapwick, or near a Place called Digits, in or near to the City

Cossington, Greinton, Ashcott, Street, Pitney, Alter, of W; and that such Canal will be the

and Moorlinch, claim certain Rights and Privileges, Means of opening a certain Communication for the

and whereon Numbers of other Persons, in respect Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize between the

of their Lands, Messuages, Tenements, and Heredita- Ports of Bristol and and also between the Town

ments, claim, and have for Time immemorial claimed of Birmingham, the fcirge Manufactories in the Neigh-

and exercised, certain Rights of Common of Pa'sture, bourhood thereof, and the Cities of Worcester, -

to such Lands, Messuages, Tenements, and Heredi- cester, and Bristol, and the several intermediate Parts,

taments, appertaining or belonging respectively; and and will also be the Means of supplying the Counties

that the said Moor or Waste Ground is subject to be of Worcester, Gloucester, Warwick, and Hereford, with

Overflowed by divers Streams of Water, and also by Coals from the Mines lying contiguous to the Line

heavy Rains, by reason of the level Situation thereof, of the Birmingham Canal, and the several Branches

and thereby the same is not only less serviceable and thereof, in a constant and regular Manner, and will

useful to the Commoners, but also, by reason of the be of great Public Benefit: And therefore praying,

Vapours and Exhalations which arise from thence, the That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making Air of the circumjacent Country is rendered less and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from salubrious; and that it would be greatly beneficial, as near to, Birmingham aforesaid, to join and corn-well to the Wholesomeness of the neighbouring Country municate with the said River Severn, at or near Diglis as also to the Profitableness of the Pasturage of the said aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem Moor, if the same was thoroughly drained, and fur- meet.

thermore the said Rights of Common thereon would Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the be rendered more valuable, if the same was divided Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine and inclosed, into certain Parochial or other large the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall ap-Allotments, and the Commoners of such said respective pear to them, to the House:

Districts or Parishes were all confined to such respective And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Gilbert, &c.:

Allotments therein, only to take and enjoy their And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, respective Rights of Common, to the Exclusion of all at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; others, Commoners or Trespassers: And therefore and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Repraying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill cords, for draining and dividing the said Moor, in such

Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dunwich shall seem meet the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ.

And the House being informed that the Expence electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament attending the draining and dividing of the said Moor for the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Suffolk, in was not proposed to be levied by Tolls or Duties upon the room of Barne, Esquire, who, since his

the Parties interested; Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and in the

Mr. Phelips and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and County of Buckingham. bring in, the same.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Stoke Ferry

A Petition of George 0‘Brien, Earl of Egremont, Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for Road. Bill was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, amending and widening several Roads leading from conMn,tte That the Petitioner hath made Application to the House The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk;

for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable him to make and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

Navigable the River liother, between the Town of the Road from Methwold Warren House to a Place Midhurst, in the County of Sussex, and the River Arun, called The Devits Ditch, in the said County, was read a

near Siopham Bridge, in the said County; and that the Second Time.

making a Navigable Cut from the said River Rother, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John

near Siopham Bridge, up to or near a certain Place, Wodehouse, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet called llaslingbourne Bridge, in the Parish of Petworth, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s in the said County (being about the Distance of One Chamber.

Mile) will be a great Benefit and Convenience to the

Inhabitants of the said Town of Petworth: And A Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of Petition therefore praying. That he may be enabled to make the Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was presented *°

said Navigable Cut, by such Ways and Means as the to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by virtue Harbour.

House shall think proper. of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, for

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate,

and

31 Geo. III.

18° Februarii.

193

and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven the Term thereby granted, which is near expiring, be of Sandwich, Power was given to Trustees to settle continued.

and impose the several Rutes and Duties therein Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for mentioned on Ships, Vessels, and Crayers, coming enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, to, going from, and passing by Ramsgate, or coming passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of into the Harbour there, which Rates and Duties his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the were to be applied towards the enlarging, build- Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ing, finishing, and maintaining Ramsgate Harbour, repairing the Road from in the County of Berks,

and for other Purposes; and that, in as much as to Saint Johns Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and many Ships, which by the said Act are charged with from an Inn, called The Hind’s Head, in the Parish the said Rates or Duties, cannot use or do derive of Kingston in the said County of Berks, to

any Advantage from the said Harliour, and that many that Part of Newbridge which stands in the said County Vessels, which by the said Act are exempted from And that Mr. Hartley, Mr. Vansittart, and the said Rates or Duties, do derive an Advantage Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Lougbbo-

the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble rough and Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, ^,cest£r . Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names ^reported, are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and

by the Use of the said Harbour, and that the Monies already invested in Public Securities, and the Monies now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer, together with a reasonable Duty to be imposed on Vessels actually using the said Harbour, or which can have the Use thereof, would be amply sufficient to defray all the Expences in maintaining the said others, was referred; That the Committee had examined. Harbour in every Respect: Therefore praying, That the and found that the Standing Orders of the House, rela-House will take the Premises into Consideration, and tive to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and grant the Petitioners. such Relief as to the House shall that the Committee had examined the Matter of the seem meet. said Petition; and had directed him to report the same,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at to enquire into the Manner in which an Act, made in the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Ma- followeth; viz.

jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. " enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Rams- Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, said,

" gate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving That from Surveys lately taken it is practicable to " the Haven of Sandwich," has been carried into Exe- make a Canal or Navigable Communication, for the cution, what Rates and Duties have been imposed, and Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, with heavy what Sums of Money have been collected by virtue Burthens, from the Town of Loughborough to the Town then of, and to what Purposes such Money has been of Leicester, and leading through the several Parishes

applied.

and Places mentioned in the Petition; and that such Navigation may be continued and extended by Means

Fjfield and Newbridge Rood* Peti-

Mr. Hartley reported from the Committee, to whom of widening, deepening, and cleansing the River the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are B reak, and making necessary Cuts and Deviations thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and from the Sides thereof, as stated in the Petition; and repon others, Trustees for putting in Execution Three several that it is also practicable to make a Communication Acts, made in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of the for the Conveyance of Coal, Stone, Lime, and other Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Goods, in Part by Land Carriage, along Railways the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for or Stone Roads, and partly by Water, from the seve-repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, ral Coal Pits and Lime Works, and other Works to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and opened and worked, and to be opened and worked, from an Inn, called The Hind’s Head, in the Parish of in the several Parishes therein named, to the Town of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that , as delineated in the Plan annexed to the

Part of Newbridge which stands in die said County of Petition.

Berks, was referred; That the Committee had exa- And the Witness further said, That the making of mined, and found that such Part of the Standing such Canal and Navigable Communication by Water - Orders of the House, of the 25th of Ajnril 1774, re- Levels, and the said Rail or Waggon Ways and Stone lative to Turnpike Bills, as directs Notices to be Roads, will extend the Intercourse of Trade and Com-aflixed upon the Door of the Session House at die merce, be of great Advantage to the Neighbourhood J\Tichaelmas Quarter Sessions of the County where the adjoining, and will, in other Respects, be of Public Roads to be repaired do lie, had been complied with; Utility.

and that the Notices, directed to be given in the Mr. John Edxcard Carter, and Air. John Newspapers in the Months of August and September, Junior, confirmed the foregoing Evidence, with respect had been published Three Times in the Month of to the general Utility and Advantage to be derived to October; and that the Committee had examined the Trade and Commerce by effecting the several Purposes Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Loughborough Canal and the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways, or Stone Roads, and Water levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the same, by

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And, v,

Mr. William Ward being examined, said, That the passing along die said Canal, to the said Navigable Corn-Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said munication, all in the County of Leicester: And that Mr.

Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Mo- Pochin and Sir Thomas Care do prepare, and bring in, ney upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, the same, which cannot be paid ofti nor the said Roads be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless some of the Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom jvielton Mow-Powers of the said Acts are altered and enlarged, and the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble brayNaviga-Vo L. 46. 3 D Petition tion Petition

reported.

1loss Inclosure Bill committed.

Petition against the Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment *f Offenders.

Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where -the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, said. That it is practicable, pursuant to the Plan annexed to the Petition, to make a Communication by Water between the River Trent and the Town of Melton bray, in the County of Leicester, which will be productive of great Public Advantage, as well as particular local Benefit to the said Town and Neighbourhood, by rendering the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize thereto, and to several Parts of the Counties of Lincoln, and Rutland, much cheaper and easier than it is at present.

And being further examined, he said, That by Surveys lately taken it appears that the River Wreak may be made Navigable for Boats and Vessels of heavy Burthen, by Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the same, and making necessary Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof, from its Junction with the intended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at Turn-water Meadow, to the River Eye. — And he added, That the said River Eye may in like Manner be made Navigable from its Junction with the said River Wreak, at or near Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray aforesaid. Then,

Mr. Christopher Slaveley, Junior, and Mr. Charles Latham, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence, with respect to the Public Advantage, and local Benefit that will be derived by the proposed Canal.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making Navigable the Rivers Wreak and Eye, from the Junction of the said River Wreak with the intended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at or near a certain Place called Turmcater Meadow, in the Lordship of Cossington, to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester: And that Mr. Pochin and Sir Thomas Cave do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows,' and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hose, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in Session assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, the said County will be materially injured, and a new and heavy Expence brought on the said County, and the Police thereof greatly affected: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts as they shall be advised materially affect and are injurious to the said County.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying King’s Lynn into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the (South Gate) Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for p""ds 1>etl* repairing and widening the several Roads from the South Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk, w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which is still due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further Powers given for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into King’s Lynn Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year (East Guts) of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and p,>a<ls Peli' widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Borough of tion'

King's Lynn, into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the Gate next Hillington, on Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in Babingley, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which is still due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further Powers given for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Buxton,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, according Bill to amend to Order, a Bill for altering and amending so much of Act respect-an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His Ma- ‘"Scroop* jesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for removing any ^8t jnd*s " Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for presented.

" the Affairs of India to direct that the Expence of " raising, transporting, and maintaining, such Troops " as may be judged necessary for the Security of the " British Territories and Possessions in The East Indies,

6 " should

" should be defrayed oat of the Revenues arising " from the said Territories and Possessions; and for " limiting the Application of the said Revenues, in the Manner therein mentioned," as relates to such Directions as shall be given or approved by the said Commissioners, with respect to the Payment of certain Proportions of His Majesty’s Forces in India, and of the European Forces of the East India Company, therein specified: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Earl Corn- The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the wallis's Let- Directors of the East India Company, attended at the -r'r ®oor i he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Snltanj&c. the House, pursuant to their Order, presented. A Paper containing Copies of Letters from the Governor General in Council of Bengal to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, dated :29th August, 9th September, and 13th November 1789, relative to the Matter in Dispute between 7 tppSultan and the Rajah of Travancore.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a N umber of Copies of the said Paper be- printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Several Per- Ordered, That Mr. Bornnan do attend the

on* to attend Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to Stave Trade0 consider of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Giles do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Terry do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. John Terry do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Forster do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. William Duncan do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Captain J. S. Smith do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Captain T. Lloyd do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. Stuart do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That General Tottenham do also attend the said Committee.

King's Con- Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is ent toKippax concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure Bill. partg of the Common Arable Fields, a Common Stinted Pasture, called The, Town Close, and a certain Common or Waste, called The HolUngs, within the Manor and Township of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York', which Bill was this Day read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Voi.. 46.

Ordered, That the Select Committee, appointed to Leave for try and determine the Merits of the several Petitions Okelmmpton complaining of an undue Election and Double Return £lecu?" for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of j^ecd Devon, have Leave to proceed therein, upon Monday although Mr. Morning next, although Mr. Pybus should not be then p>l)US should able to attend. not "ttend-

A Petition of several Burgesses, and other Inha- Derby bitants, of the Town of Derby, was presented to the Paying. &c* House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Petition' and other Public Passages and Places, within the said Town, are not properly paved, cleansed, or lighted, and are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and the paving, cleansing, and lighting the same, in a proper Manner, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, would be of great Benefit and Convenience to all Persons residing in, and resorting to, the said Town; and that there is a Piece of Waste Ground within the said Town, called Green, on which the Petitioners, and the rest of the Freeholders, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the said Town, have the sole Right of Common, but from which they derive very little Benefit, and if the said Piece of Waste Ground was sold, and the Money arising by such Sale applied in Aid of any Rates to be made for defraying the Expence of paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said Town, it would ’be of Benefit to the Petitioners, and the other Freeholders, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the said Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr.

Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- Slave Trade night, the 4th Day of March next, resolve itself into a deferred* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the African Slave Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole d*

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 21° die Februarii;

Anno 31* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

MR. Daniel Parker Coke, from the Select Com- Bodmin

mittee, who were appointed to try and deter- Election d«-mine the Merits of the Petition of Sir termined-

Baronet, and John Sullivan, Esquire; and also, the Petition of John Pomeroy, Esquire, Joseph Edyvean, Gentleman, William Hamley, Surgeon, Thomas Flamank,

Gentleman,

Gentleman, Philip Deacon, Gentleman, and Samuel Spiller, Saddler, of the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, being Persons who had a Right to vote at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on Behalf of themselves and others, who were at the said Election lawful Electors for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir John Morshead, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Roger WUbraham, Esquire, is duly elected a

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Sir James Laroche, Baronet, and John Sullivan, Esquire, did appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous and vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said John Pomeroy, Esquire, Joseph Edyvean, Gentleman, William Hamley, Surgeon, Thomas Flamank, Gentleman, Philip Deacon, Gentleman,

and Samuel Spiller, Saddler, did appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous and vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have deter-' mined,

That the Opposition of the said Sir John Morshead,

' Baronet, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Roger WUbraham, Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And the said Detenninations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Haverford- Mr. Barlow presented to the House, according to west and Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in

FtsLguard Repaid the Road, leading from the Town of -

presented. fordwest,through the Town of Fishguard, to the Town

of Neu'port, in the County of Pembroke, and also from the Town of Fishguard, towards the City of s,

so far as a certain Place called in the said County of Pembroke: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Little Wool- The Earl Vemey presented to the House, according to ston inclosure Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Billpresented. Qpen ari(j Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Woolston, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Koithan* A Bill for naturalizing Frederick Koithan, was read a Nat. Bill Second Time.

presented. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

Bury St. A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Peti-Edmund’sand tion of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of Petitionthe Counties of Suffolk anti Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the ltoad leading from the Town of Bury Saint Edin the County of Suffolk,

through the Borough of Thetford, to the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk, is greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and all other Persons having Occasion to make Use of the said Road, if the same was properly amended, widened, and rendered commodious: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burch, Mr. Buxton, See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send foF Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to Godeffro/s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, «>d'i'liom-An Act for naturalizing Peter Godeffroy, Johanna Cat he-rine Godeffroy, his Wife, and John Thornton, was com- passed. ’ mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Boroughreeves, Constables, and Manchester principal Inhabitants, of the 1 owns of Manchester and and Salford Salford (lying contiguous to each other) in the County p°|jcc Petl* of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign the Inhabitants of the said Towns obtained an Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and " Passages, within the" Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County of Lancaster, and for providing " Fire Engines and Firemen, and for preventing Annoyances within the said Towns," under which Act the said Towns have hitherto been regulated; and that the said Town of Manchester was, at the Time of obtaining the said Act, a large, populous, and trading Town, and the said Town of Salford was also then a populous and trading Town, but the said Towns have, since the passing of the said Act, greatly increased both in Populousness and Extent of Buildings, and the Powers in the said Act are found insufficient for the Purposes intended; and that some of the Streets and other public Passages within the said Towns are narrow, inconvenient, and unsafe for Travellers and Carriages, and many dreadful Accidents have happened lately in the said Town of Manchester by the falling down of Buildings, and no Provisions are made in the said Act for widening the Streets, for opening proper Communications with some of the said Streets, for removing and preventing Obstructions, Annoyances, and Nuisances, for establishing a Nightly Watch, for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for regulating Buildings and Party Walls within the said Towns respectively; and that it would be a # great Improvement to the said Towns, and tend to the Safety and Convenience not only of the Inhabitants thereof, but to all Persons resorting to, and passing through, the same, if effectual Powers were granted, and Provisions made, to accomplish the Ends aforesaid: And therefore praying, That J.eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered,

l

31 Ge6. III.

21° Febra.

197

Mr. Ottley to attend Committee on Slave Trade.

Whittlesea and Stan-ground Drainage Petition*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Drury Ottley, Esquire, do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred -to consider of the African Slave Trade.

A Petition of Sampson Lord Thomas

Esquire, Francis Lawrence, and Samuel Edwards, Gentlemen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and several other Persons are the Proprietors of certain Marsh and Low „ Lands, known by the Names of The and Drysides, in the several Parishes of fVkittlesea, in the County of Cambridge, and Stanground, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, which are subject to be Overflowed, or otherwise annoyed, with Water, for Want of a proper Drainage, and which are, by that Means, rendered in a considerable Degree unprofitable to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining ' and preserving the said Marsh and Low Lands, in such Mauner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

A Petition of Susannah Stagg, Owner and Proprietor Petitions of Commonable Estates, in the Manor and Parish of fsalns.t Nylands with Badcombe, in the County of Somerset: °*

And also,

A Petition of Joseph Comer, William Singer, Gabriel Stone, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Estates, in the Parish of Wedmore, in the County of Somerset;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Nylands with,

in the County of Somerset; and Setting forth,

That the Petitioners are entitled to Rights of Common in and over the said Moors, or Waste Lands, and the said Bill, if passed into a Law in its present Form, will be attended with great Injury, Trouble, Vexation, and Expence, to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against all and every Part of the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into ' a Law in its present Form.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before: the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said. Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several of the -Trustees appointed to Dmisford

Chamber; and have Power to send’for Persons, Papers, Put in Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Twelfth, "^ny-

and Records.

Worksop and Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to

RoB^SiU*11 ^rc*er’ a for enlarging the Term and Powers of

presented.

Dualism terry Road Bill pr*» sen ted.

an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at Sohth Muskham, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing p j0„01 and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dunsford, in the County of Devon, to Cherrybrooke, in the Forest of Dartmoor, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which Money, with a large Arrear of Interest, now remains due thereon; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted for those Purposes; and that a Piece of Road

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road £in Length about Three Miles) leading from the South from Dunham Ferry to the South End q{ Great Mark- End of Clifford's Bridge, in the Parish of

Wellsboura Monntfort and Stratford upon Avon Road Bill passed.

stead, in the said County, to the Town of Moretonhamp-stead aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, altered, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That

ham Common, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlargipg Majesty, for amending the Road from Wellsboum the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for amending, Mountfort to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of widening, and keeping in Repair the before mentioned Warwick, was read the Third Time. Piece of Road leading from Clifford’s Bridge to the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Town of Moretonhampstead aforesaid, in such Manner

Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, as the House shall think proper,

passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the present Majesty, for amending the Road from Wellsboum . Consideration of a Committee: And that they do Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as Warwick. _ it shall appear to them, to the House:

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck- And it is referred to Mr. Phelips, Mr. Eliot, &c.: burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

concurrence. Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and

Voj* 46. 3 £ have

have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ripon Paving A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and

-Petillon> Township of Ripon, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, arid read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within tl)6 said Borough, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and the several Streets, JLanes, public Highways, Passages, and Places within the said Borough and Township of are subject to various

Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are in some Places very incommodious and unsafe for Travellers and Passengers; and that it would tend greatly to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Township, and all other Persons resorting to and travelling through the same, if the said Streets, Lanes, public Highways, Passages, and Places, were properly paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated, and kept free from Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances: And therefore praying, That Leave

may be given to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets of the said Borough, and for repairing and amending the ' Highways within Hie said Township, and for re-

moving and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, within the said Borough and Township of Ripon, and for other necessary Purposes, in such Manner and Form, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Duncombe,

Stc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mency and A Petition of John Blackbume, Thomas Lyon, and

Irweii Navi- William Crosbie, Esquires, Thomas Hatfield,

tion?nPeU* Hardy, William Marsden, Matthew Fletcher, Peter Wright, mid John Wright, Hie Committee of the Proprietors of the Mersey and Navigarion from

Liverpool to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, for and oh the Behalf of themselves and all others the Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation, was presented to Hie House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making " Hie Rivers Mercy and Irwell Navigable from " Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster" and, in pursuance thereof, the Undertakers and Proprietors of the said NavigaUon did many Years ago render the said Rivers Navigable from Liverpool to Manchester aforesaid at a very considerable Expence, and such Rivers are now Navigable, and the said Navigation is of Public Utility; and that the Proprietors or Owners of Shares in the said NavigaUon re very numerous, and a Doubt having arisen whether such Shares are of the Nature of Real Estate, or whether the same are Personal Property, the Petitioners are desirous that such Doubt should be removed, and such Shares should be, and declared by Parliament to be, Personal Estate, and tl»e Petitioners are also desirous that they may be incorporated by the Name of " The " Company of Proprietors of the Mersey and Irwell Navigation ;" and that, by Reason of the great Increase of the Manufactures and Trade of the County of Lancaster, since the passing of the before-mentioned Act, the Navigation upon the said Rivers has become very considerable, and Authorities and Restrictions have become necessary for the well regulating the

Management of the said Rivers, and the proper Government of the A Hairs of the Proprietors, which were hot foreseen at the Time of the passing the said Act, and which now render an Alteration thereof necessary:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering the said Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and to incorporate the Proprietors and Owners of Shares in the said Navigation into a Body Corporate, by the Name of " The Company of " Proprietors of the Mersey and Irwell Navigation,’' and also to vest the Estates and Property belonging to the said Proprietors in such Body Corporate, for the Benefit of the said several Proprietors, and to have the Shares of the said Proprietors in the said Navigation deemed Personal Estate.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackbume, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke presented to the House, Buttertoa according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, Moor E"d and altering and enlarging the Powers* of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Roads from Butterton Moor End, near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to in the County of Derby, and from BLackton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, near Newhaocn, in the County of Derby, and from War slow to Ecton Mine, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That Hie Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Eggtotoa hi* Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pasture},

Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within coflua> the Manor and Parish of Egginton, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darnel Parker Coke, Lord George Cavendish, See.: And they . are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are EUeawte, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves mid Fas

others, paying to the Relief of the Poor within the tlUoD' several Parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, and Horsley, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said several Parishes are very numerous, and are maintained at a heavy Expence to the Parishioners, and the Petitioners apprehend, if Powers were riven for providing a proper Place for the Reception, Employment, anp Government, of the said Poor, it would be very conducive to the better Relief and Support of those who by Age or Infirmities are unable to maintain themselves, and would also be a Means of better employing the Able and Industrious, and the Poor Children would be early inured to Habits of good and moral Behaviour, and of useful Industry, and the Idle and Disorderly, from the Advantage of good Example, and from proper Discipline and Government, would be much reformed; and that, if Powers were also given to contract and agree for maintaining and employing the Poor of other Parishes, in the Place to be provided for the Reception of the Poor of the above-named Parishes, it would be very advantageous to such Parishes as may come to such Agreement, and,

7 by

31 Geo. III. £1° Fzhruariu 199

by the above Means, the Poor might be made to contribute to their own Supjioit, and become useful so the Community, instead of being a heavy Burthen to their respective Parishes: And therefore preying* That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under Such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Mr.

Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Pembroke Mr. Barlow presented to the House, according to thenCRoad»r" Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping Bill present- Repair, the Roads leading from e<L to Saint Clears, and from by Cnwcce yrLvm,

to Fishguard, and from Egermont Bridge to the Little Mill, and from Ludchurch to and from

Whitley Lane to Narberth, and from on Llan-

detry Hill, to the End of the Lane leading to garreg House, and from Tavernspite to , and from Mud Lake to the Top of Bromcawtn Hill, in the Counties of Pembroke and And the same

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

cannot use or do derive any Advantage froni the said Harbour, and that many Vessels, which by the said Act are exempted from the said Rates or Duties, do derive an Advantage by the Use of the said Harbour, and that the Mo^ nies already, invested in Public Securities, and the Monies how remaining in the Hands of tlid Treasurer, together with a reasonable Duty tq be imposed on Vessels actually using the said Harbour, or which can have the Use thereof, would be amply sufficient to defray all the Expences in maintaining the said Harbour in every Respect: Therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the Manner in which an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and " maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, *' and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of has been

carried into Execution, what Rates and Duties have been imposed, and wh it Sums of Money have been collected by virtue thereof, and to what Purposes such Money has been applied.

Christleton A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Inrlnsare Pe- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and UUan* others. Owners of Estates within the Manor of Chris-tieton, in the County of Chester, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, several Commons and Waste Lands upon which the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State, are of little Value, but if divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed, the flame might be very considerably improvtd, and such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, would be a manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Sursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that dr. Creme and Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petitions re- A Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of bung to the City and Port of Bristol: And also,

Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of the Town and Port of Newcastle;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by virtue of an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Power was given to Trustees to settle and impose the several Rates and Duties therein mentioned on Ships, Vessels, and Crayers, coming to, going from, and passing by Ramsgate, or coming into the Harbour there, which Rates and Duties were to be applied towards the enlarging, building, finishing, and maintaining Ramsgate Harbour, and for other Purposes; and that, in as much as many Ships, which by the said Act are charged with the said Rates or Duties, Vot. 46.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Common- PttHisti alty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, was a*ttiDrt fe* presented to th6 House, and read; Setting forth,

That in the Bill now depending in the House for regu*- 0 lating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, there are Contained Clauses subjecting to Confiscation any Ship or Vessel, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, whatever their Valufe may be, on board which even the smallest Quantity of Grain or Flour shall be found, contrary to the Provisions of1 the Bill; and that the Forfeiture of the prohibited Articles, and the Penalties imposed by the Bill On the Persons guilty of Offences against it, will prevent the Exportation of those Articles, at least to any considerable Extent, but, if from Experience they should not be found sufficient for that Purpose, additional Penalties, and further Punishments, may be provided against all concerned, their Aiders and Abettors, without subjecting to Confiscation the Property of those w ho are entirely innocent of the Offence* and unable by any Precaution or Foresight to prevent it, for, under the present Circumstances of Ship Owners, they are frequently not in the least interested in the Cargo, and are scarcely ever the entire Freighterg of their own Ships, and the Clauses of Forfeiture of the Ship hold out an Inducement to the ill-disposed to endeavour, by Fraud or Collusion, to get the prohibited. Articles put clandestinely on board for the very Purpose of procuring the Condemnation of the Vessel; and that the Apprehensions of the Petitioners are by no Means relieved by the Proviso in the said Bill, enabling the Commissioners of the Customs, and the Courts of Law, to receive Evidence to shew, from the Smallness of the Quantity, and other Circumstances, tliaf such prohibited Articles were oa board without the Privity of the Owner, or of the Captain, or other Person, having the Command of the Vessel, and exempting from Forfeiture (under those Circumstances) Vessels exceeding One hundred Tons Burthen, for this Proviso appears to leave it optional, whether such Evidence shall be received or not, and Relief cannot be obtained under it, unless the Quantity of the prohibited Articles oh board is small, though' considerable 'Quantities may be put on board

contrary

a

800 81° Febniarih 24> 1791.

contrary to the Directions of the Act, from Inadvertence ought to be permitted to be taken from the Ware-on the Shipper’s Part, or from bther Circumstances, houses for Home Consumption, whenever the Price without any Design of Fraud, and without any in the Country rises to that at which Meal is im-

Neglect, or Want of Care, or even the possible Privity portable at the Low Duties, otherways the Benefit of the Owners, and it gives no Relief if such Articles of storing for Home Consumption would be altogether are on board with the Masters Knowledge, or with lost; but the Petitioners are greatly surprised to ob-that of any other Person having the Command, so serve, that, by the present Bill, though Oat-meal is to that it still leaves the Property of the Owner of the be importable when it is at Sixteen Shillings Boll,

Ship liable to Confiscation for the Acts of others, and it is not to be taken from the Warehouses for Home

that without any Distinction, even if such Acts are Consumption till Oats rise to Eighteen Shillings per

done maliciously, or with a View to obtain by Collusion Quarter; and that several other Clauses of the Bill the Condemnation of the Vessel; and that, although would, if passed into a Law, prove very injurious and the Vessel should he given up under this discretionary prejudicial to the City of Glasgow, and the District Power, yet the Shipholder must suffer very material connected with it: And therefore praying the House Injury, Expences must be incurred, the Vessel must to hear the Petitioners, by themselves, or Counsel, be detained till the Judgment of the Commissioners, in Support of this Petition, to alter and amend the or that of a Court of Law, be given, which in most said Bill, so as to allow Oat-meal to be imported into Cases must ruin the Voyage; nor are the Owners of the Scotland at the Low Duties, when it is at Thirteen Ship the only Persons affected by her Detention, the Shillings and Four Pence per Boll, or at such other Proprietors of the Cargo must likewise sustain equal Price as shall be proportional to Oats at Sixteen Shil-Injury and Inconvenience, the Value of a Cargo lingsper Quarter, to separate the Counties of Ayr and ‘generally depending on the State of the Market at the JVigton from the Fourteenth District, described in the Time of its Arrival: And therefore praying, That Bill, to allow Meal imported and stored in Scotland to the Clauses in the said Bill, subjecting Vessels to Con- be taken from the Warehouses for Home Consump-fiscation, on board which prohibited Articles may be tion, whenever it is at the Price at which it is im-found (unless with the Privity of the Owner) may not portable at the Low Duties, and to give the Peti-pass into a Law, the more especially as the Object tioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem of the Bijl may be effectually obtained by Penalties proper.

and Punishments, attaching only on those offending A Petition of the Chamber of Commerce and Ma- Petition against it, and for such further Relief as to the House rtufactures established by Royal Charter in the City of shall seem meet Glasgow, was also presented to the House, and read; tion Bill?0

Petition A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Setting forth. That the said Bill, if passed into a Law against the Common Council, of the City of Glasgow,was also pre- in its present Form, must prove, iu several Respects,

toeBML *" sente<* to l^e House, and read; Setting forth, That exceedingly distressing to His Majesty’s Subjects iu . several Clauses of the said Bill would, if the same was the City of Glasgow, and the very populous Com-

... passed into a Law in its present Shape, prove exceed- mercial and Manufacturing District connected with it,

ingly distressing to the Inhabitants of the City of whose Consumption, particularly of Oats and Oat-Glasgow, and the populous and manufacturing County meal, which forms a principal Part of the Bread and around it, whose Subsistence in a great Measure de- Subsistence of the labouring Part of the People, so pends on the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, far exceeds the Produce at Home, that the Importa-which forms a principal Part oC the Food of the tion of that Sort of Grain from Ireland alone, ne-industrious and laborious Inhabitants, there having cessary to supply the Deficiency, has been, on an Ave-been, upon an Average for the last Ten Years, 40,000 rage of Ten Years past, not less than 40,000 Quar-Quarters- imported Annually, and last Year the Im- ters Annually, and so much is the Consumption portation amounted to above 80,000 Quarters; and of the District on the Increase, that the Quantity that the Petitioners beg Leave particularly to repre- imported in the Course of the last of those Ten sent that there is a Distinction established by the Act Years was upwards of 80,000 Quarters, over and" of the Thirteenth of His Majesty, Cap. 43, intended to above all the Supplies obtained by the Inland and be continued by the present Bill, whereby, though Coasting Corn Trade, and from other Parts Abroad;

Oat-meal can tie imported into England at- the Low and that the Petitioners beg Leave more particularly Duties when Oats are Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, to represent, that while Oat-meal, as tvell as Oats, it cannot be imported at all into Scotland till it exceed may be imported into England at the Low Duties,

Sixteen Shillings per Boll of 140 Pounds Avoirdupois, whenever the Price of Oats is at or above Sixteen corresponding to about Nineteen Shillings per Quar- Shillings per Quarter, equal (according to the Fsti-ier of Oats, that Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence mate in the Bill) to 1761b. Avoirdupois of Meal, the per Boll of Oat-meal has been calculated to be the Prohibition to import Meal into Scotland, until the Value of the Quantity of Meal produced from a Price of the Boll, weighing only 140 lb. rises to thq Quarter of Oats, at Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, and same Rate, and the other Restrictions on the Importa-that therefore Oat-meal ought to be importable into tion of Meal, which do not affect England, must ever Scotland at the Low Duties, when it is Thirteen Sbil- be felt as grievous Inequalities, to the Prejudice of the lings and Four Pence per Boll, or at such other Price People in that Part of the United Kingdom, who, as as shall by accurate Calculation be found proportional British Subjects, cannot doubt of their Right to enjoy to Sixteen Shillingsper Quarter of Middling British every Privilege in common with their Fellow Sub-Oats; and that joining the Counties of Ayr and JVig- jects of England, and, of Consequence, to have the Im- ' ton to the Fourteenth District mentioned in the Bill port Price of their Oat-meal reduced to Thirteen would be in the highest Degree cruel and unjust Shillings and Four Pence per Boll, which was the to the other Western Counties of Scotland, because Rate previous to the Act of the Thirteenth of His that Junction would keep the Average Proof Prices present Majesty, or to such other Rate as shall appear of Corn and Meal lower in the whole District than to the House to correspond to Oats at Sixteen Sbil-they would Ixf in the other Five Counties by them- lings per Quarter, in order to put the Regulation in selves, and would frequently keep their Ports shut both Countries on an Equality; and that His Ma-from Importation for Three Months together, when jesty’s Subjects in the City of Glasgow, and the Dis-they would have regained open, if the Proof bad been triet connected with it, namely, the Counties of La-taken in them only, whereby an actual Famine might nark, Re and who detake Place before their Ports could be again opened; pend on Importation, even in the most favourable and that Oat-meal imported and stored in Scotland Seasons, for a great Part of their Subsistence, must

- . often

31 Geo.

21 0 Febntarii.

201

(often be exposed to Dearth and Distress* should the A Petition of the Annual Committee of the Con- Petition more plentiful and cheap Corn Counties of Ayr and vention of Royal Burghs of Scotland, was likewise against the H'igton be joined in the same District with them, as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, the Average of the District will be thereby so affected That the said Bill contains Regulations for , lon 1

as to prevent the Importation which their Wants re- particularly relating to the Article of Oat-meal, not quire, and which the Intent and Meaning of the Law only different from those to be established in England, entitles them to, until these Wants be aggravated, and but obviously and essentially injurious to that Country: their Prices raised considerably above the legal Rates, And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by a Grievance which, the Petitioners apprehend, no sup- Counsel, against the exceptionable Parts of the said Bill, posed Benefit accruing to these Tw o Counties can and that such Relief may be afforded in the Premises as

to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported, is re-committed; and such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

A Petition of John Sawyer, Esquire, Lord of the Oddington Manor of Oddington, in the County of Oxford, and

justify, and to which, they trust, the Wisdom of Parliament will never give Countenance; and that several other Parts of the said Bill will, if passed into a Law, prove hurtful to the Trade and Interest of the City of Glasgow, and the District connected with it:

And therefore praying the House to hear the Petitioners, by themselves or Counsel, in Support of this Petition, and to reduce the Price at which Oat-meal may be imported into Scotland at the Low Duties to Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Boll, or to such other Rate as shall appear to correspond to Oats at Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, and to separate the Counties of Ayr and H'igton from the District connected with Glasgow, and to afford such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

Petition A Petition of the incorporation of Bakers in Glas- Ow ner of a very great Part of the Lands and Grounds against the gow was also presented to the House, and read; Set- within the said Manor and Parish of Oddington afore-CornRegu- ting forth, ihat, by the said Bill, Oat-meal may be said, was presented to the House, and read; Setting labonBilL imported into England at the High Duty when the forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Price of Oats is under Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Commons, and at the Low Duties when above that Price, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds whereas it cannot be imported into Scotland even at (besides Part of a Common called Otmoor) belonging the High Duty when the Price of Oat-meal is below to the Petitioner and others, which, in their present Sixteen Shillings per Boll, and by this Distinction Situation, are very inconvenient, and incapable of any a Preference is given to the Inhabitants of England considerable Improvement, but, if divided into speci-over those of Scotland, which the Petitioners conceive fic Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, would be to be contrary both to the Words and to the Spirit of very advantageous to the several Persons interested the Treaty of Union, and inconsistent with the Rights therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be of British Subjects independent of any Treaty; and that this Preference will be the more severely felt, as Oat-meal is one of the principal Necessaries of Life in Scotland, and the Petitioners have Reason to

dread that, by thus keeping the Price of this essential called Otmoor) under such Regulations as to the House Commodity above its natural Level, the Arts and shall seem meet.

Manufactures of their Country (many of which are That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

still in an Infant State) will be injured, and per- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that haps the Existence of some of them destroyed: That Mr. John Pitt, and Mr. Vansiltart do prepare, and bring by the said Bill the Counties of Argyle, Dumbarton, in, the same.

Lanerk, Renfrew, Bute, Ayr, and H’igton, are classed in one District, and the Importation and Exportation Mr. Bailer Yarde reported from the Committee, to Cazenove

of Corn are to be regulated by the Average Price whom the Bill for naturalizing Charles Theophilus "utl Batard’z in all these Counties; and the Petitioners humbly re- Cazenove and John Francis Batard, was committed; present that Ayr and H’igton are fertile Counties, but That the Committee had examined the Allegations of carry on few Manufactures; that the other Counties, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the though much less fertile, carry on a very extensive Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Trade, and many useful Manufactures, in which House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the

given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the said Manor and Parish (except the said Common

some Hundred Thousands are employed; that it is necessary to the Prosperity of these Manufactures that the Price of Corn be moderate, and kept from rising high, by the Facility of procuring Supplies; that, by

Lr i tr% A . 11 aL — ^. i.! aL T

Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Marshland taking the Average Price in all these Counties, the Im- thereunto set, Land Owners of the Country of Marsh- Drainage and portation of Corn into the more industrious and popu- land, in the County of on Behalf of them-

lous, but less fruitful, Counties, will be frequently selves, and of the other Land Owners of the said prohibited at Times, when, if the Price in each Country, was presented to the House, and read; Setting County were taken by itself, Importation would be forth, That the said Country of Marshland is very ex-permitted; and that the Price of Provisions, of La- tensive, comprizing Forty thousand Acres, or there-bour, and of Manufactures, will be raised, to the abouts; and that the said Country hath for many Years great Disadvantage of that Part of the United King- been partly drained by the Power of His Majesty’s dom, and the Petitioners have just Ground to dread Commissioners of Sewers for the said County, and that from these Regulations a Decay of Trade and Popu- the present Works of Drainage are ineffectual for the lation, and dangerous Tumults and Commotions, by complete Drainage of the said Country; and that there which the Petitioners, as Dealers in Corn, will be in an is also in the said Country a large Tract of Land, called especial Manner Sufferers: And therefore beseeching Marshland Smeath and Fcmi, which are not properly the House to remove the exceptionable Clauses in the drained, but, if drained, might be divided, allotted, said Bill, and to substitute such Regulations as to them and inclosed, amongst foe several Persons interested shall seem proper. therein, to their great Benefit: And therefore praying,

Vol. 4$. 3 F That

202

21° Februarii.

A, 17

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better draining the Country of , and for

draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Marshland Smeath and Fenn.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Sir John Jf'odehouse, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition for additional Provision to

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands,

Moors, Grounds, and Common Pastures, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin, Sir John Thorotd, and Mr. Anderson Pel-

ham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and Manu- Wolver-facturers, of the Parish of IFolverhampton, in the hampton County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and p read; Setting forth, That, within the said Parish,

A Petition of William Case, Esquire, Mayor of the divers Manufactories in Brass, Iron, and Steel, for the rrovision io *^own an^ Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of making of Locks, Hinges, Steel Toys, and various King’s Lynn Norfolk, and of the several other Persons, w hose Names other Hardware Articles, and other Trades and Ma-Paving Bill, are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the said nufactories, for many Years past have been, and now Town and Borough,- was presented to the House, and are, carried on in a very large and extensive Manner, read; Setting forth, That Leave hath been given to and there are also divers Mines of Coal and Iron-stone bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, light- within the said Parish, in which several Thousand ing, and watching the Town and Borough of King's Persons are constantly employed, many of whom con- Lynn,in the County of Norfolk, and for removing and tract Small Debts, amounting Yearly in the Whole to

preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, and very considerable Sums of Money, and although seve-for altering and improving the Streets, Lanes, Public ral of them are well able to pay their respective Debts, Passages, and Ways, within the said Town and

Borough; and that it would likewise be of Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, if some Provision was made in the intended Bill for licensing and regulating Hackney Chairmen, within the said Town and Borough, and ascertaining their Fares: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for effecting the Purposes belore mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Walpole, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

and have Records.

Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

.Arnes by Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of the Vicar of the Vicarage of Amesby, in the County of Leicester, and of several Persons Proprietors of Land in the Open and Common Fields of Amesby aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any great Improvement, but, if the said Open and Common Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, according to their respective Interests therein, it would be of great Benefit to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and

yet they often refuse so to do, presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under from the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with, in suing for the same; and that an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said Parish will greatly contribute to promote Industry, and support and encourage the Trade and Credit thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Pulteney, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Estates, Edingale lying in Edingale, in the Counties of Stafford and J>nc!‘’fcure Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was "ctItwn‘ presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, called Edingale Fields, lying in the said Counties, and it would be greatiy for the Benefit and Advantage of the several Persons interested if the same were inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their Interests therein, to be enjoyed in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

won Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as shall given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the

seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Sir 'Thomas Cave do prepare, and bring’ in, the same.

Ludford Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of the Proprietors of several Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Moors, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the several Parishes of Ludford Magna and Ludford Parra, in the County of Lincoln, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parishes certain Open and Fields, Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, wherein the different Properties lie intermixed, and so

said Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Littleton, and Mr. Monckton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Honourable Frederick Robinson, Norton in Esquire, Committee of Sir Norton Robinson, Baronet, the Clay a Lunatic, Lord of the Manor of Norton the Clay, drainage in the North Riding of the County of York, the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, the Reverend Thomas Harrison, A. M. Samuel Gentleman,

and John Wells, Gentleman, Lessee of the Governors

dispersed, that in their present State they are iucapa- of the Free Grammar School of Queen Mary, in the ble, of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Town of Ripon, in the said County, Owners and

6 Proprietors

31 Geo. III. 210 Februarii.

203

Proprietors of the Lands and Cattlcgatcs in and throughout the several Open Fields and Stinted Pas* turts within the said Manor of the Gay

I aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read;

' Setting forth. That there arc, within the said AIu-

I nor, several Open Fields, and Stinted Pastures,

containing together about 8oo Acres, in which Open Fields the Lands of the Proprietors lie inter* mixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and the said Stinted Pastures lie low, and want draining, and arc not in their present State capable of any considerable Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advan-1,1 tage as they might be, if the same were divided, drain-

ed, and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, which would tend greatly to the Benefit of all Persons interested, and also be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, draining, and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Alanor of Norton in the Clay, in the North IliJing of the County of York, in such Manner and Form, and with such J Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House

shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Edward Lit-

tleton, Slc. :And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stourbridge A Petition of the principal Owners and Occupiers j PolioePeti- cf Houses, Tenements, or Buildings, situate within Uon‘ the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Old

Swinford, in the County of I Forces was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Township of Stourbridge, are not properly lighted, cleansed, and watched, and are subject to various Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Township, and to all Persons resorting to and travelling through the same, if the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, within the said Township, were properly lighted, cleansed, and watched, and kept free from Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances;

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for lighting, cleansing, and watching, the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Old Swinford,in the County of and for preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred, to Mr. Lygon, Sir Edward Littleton, & c.: And they a re Jo meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dudley Pav- A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of tii!o*C Pe" ^ie Town of Dudley, in the County of was

on‘ presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places within the said Town, arc not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, and in some Parts are very narrow and incommodious, and the said Town, and the In-

Vol. 46.

habitants thereof, are not properly supplied with Water; and that it would tend to the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of oil Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets, Lancs, Passages, and Places, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the narrow Parts thereof rendered sufficiently wide, and if certain Buildings were taken down, and Openings made, and if all Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein, were removed, and Provision made for preventing the like in future, and if the said Town, and the Inhabitants thereof were better supplied with Water: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathe- Chadwick dral Church of Christ, in Oxford, of King Henry the hwlosure Eighth’s Foundation, Lords of the Manor of Chad- eUUon* vich,otherwise Chadwick, in the Parish of Bromsgrave, in the 'County of Worcester, and Owners or Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the said Manor, who have thereunto put their Common Seal, of John Carpenter, Gentleman, Lessee of the said Alanor, under the said Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, in Oxfoi'd aforesaid, and an Owner or Proprietor of Lands and Tenements in the Manor aforesaid, and of the several other Persons w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of loinds and Tenements within the said Alanor, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the same Alanor, in the said Pai ish of Brotnsgrove, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Alanor, certain Commons or Waste Lands, called or being Part of the Lickey, Part of the Etchey, and Part of the JYild Moor, containing, by Estimation, about boo Acres, upon which the Petitioners, and the rest of the said Proprietors, have, or respectively claim, a Right of Common; and that the said Commons or Waste Lands, in their present Situation, yield very little Profit or Advantage to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Proprietors aforesaid, and in such their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted amongst the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested in the same, according to their respective Interests, the said Commons or Waste Lands might be greatly improved, and become very profitable to the Petitioners and the rest of the said Proprietors, as well as a Public Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Lord Provost and Afagistrates of Kirkcaldy the Town of Kirkcaldy, in the County of Ffe, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, e That an Act was made, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or

Oue

204 21° Februarii. A. 1791.

One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots A Petition of Philip Esquire, Lord of Gisiingham

Pint of Ale and Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, the Manor of Gislingham, alias Inclosure

tapped, or sold, within the Town of Kirkcaldy, and Hall, in in the County of Suffolk, Thomas 1>etU:on*

Liberties thereof, to be appropriated to the re-build- Holt, Esquire, Lord of the several Manors of

ing, or repairing, preserving, and maintaining, the and Jennies, and Redgrave, with and

harbour, and other Public Works belonging to the ham, Samuel Gentleman, and of several other

said Town, and which Act was continued by an Act, Owners of Estates in the said Parish of Gislingham, enti-made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said tied to certain Rights of Common within the said Parish, late Majesty, for the Purpose of discharging the Debt was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, incurred, and repairing and maintaining the said Har- That there are within the said Parish certain Heaths, hour, and other Public Works, of and belonging Commons, and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petite the said Town; and that the Lord Provost and tioners and others, which in their present Situation are Magistrates have, since the passing of the last men- incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that tioned Act, collected and received the aforesaid Duty, there are certain Rights of Common of Pasture, Sheep-under the Authority of the said Act, and have pro- walk, and Shackage, and other Rights and Interests, ceeded in repairing, preserving, and maintaining, the in, over, and upon the said Heaths, Commons, and Harbour of Kirkcaldy, and othet Public Works, of Waste Lands; and that if the said Rights Were extin-and belonging to the said Town, in which they guished, and the said Heaths, Commons, and Waste have made considerable Progress; but the same can- Lands, were divided, and specific Allotments thereof not be completed and finished, and kept in sufficient made to the Petitioners, and all other Persons, accord-Repair, or the Debt already incurred discharged, ing to their respective Interests therein, the same might unless the Terms and Powers in the above-mentioned be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave Two Acts are prolonged and extended for another may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclos-Tenn of Years: And therefore praying, That Leave ing the said Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, under may be given to bring in a Bill for extending the such Regulations as the House shall think just and

Terms and Powers of the above-mentioned Two Acts, reasonable.

passed in the Fifteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur*

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for suant to the Prayer of the said Petition t And that Sir such Period of Years, and with such farther and addi- John Rous and Sir Charles Bunbury do prepare, and tional Powers, Directions, and Authorities, as to the bring in, the same, ilouse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny Bill sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall read a Second Time, appear to them, to the House: Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Hope, Mr. Dun- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com-

das, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- mittee of the whole House.

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morrt-ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Records. upon the said Bill.

wlford'poor ^Ir ^ous reported from the Committee, to Petition re- w'hom the Petition of the Guardians of the Poor with-ported. in the Hundreds of Lots and in the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folloWeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an

An ingrossed Bill fob the Regulation of His Ma- Wannc Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the tin-v Third Time. p

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, w hose Names are Petition.

theieunto subscribed,

Inhabitants of the Borough of "gai,st

n Clown and

Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, was presented to noad

Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Hundreds, was read: And,

Air. John H ood being examined, said. That several Buildings have been erected, and £. 9,000 has been borrowed on the Credit of the Rates granted by the said Act, which has been duly applied.

That the Guardians have not a Power, under the Act, of borrowing more than One hundred Pounds above what they have already raised — That a large Sum is

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- Bill, tioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road, leading from Rotherham, in the County of York, to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, at or near Clown,in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road leading from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, to Kelhani near Budby, in the

!«t

9

5S3?

Jit

k

fit

wanted for the immediate Repairs, Alterations, and En- same County: And praying, That the said intended Bill Jargement of the Buildings — That the Money arising may not p&ssjuto a Law.

from the Rates is in sufficient for the Maintenance of the Poor, and that the Act is, in other Respects, ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

Mr. John IVhimper being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the County of Stiff oik: And that Sir John Rous and Sir

Ordered, Table.

That the said Petition do lie upon the

Charles same.

Bunbury do prepare, and bring in, the

The House being informed, that Air. Stow, from Account of the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called Sums granted in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant the*’ to their Order, ^Hvy Debt,

An Account, shewing the Amount of the Sums presented, granted by Parliament for the Service of His Majesty’s Navy in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790, respectively: and also, the Amount the Outstanding

Debt

31 Geo. III.

21° Febru

205

Debt of the Navy on the 31st of December in each of His Majesty’s Civil List, or any other Services that the said Years. remained at that Time due and unsatisfied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, Account, as far as the same can be made up, shewing Increase in

to be perused by the Members of the House. the Increase in the Revenue of Customs arising from

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said the Alteration made in the Rates of Duty on several 0 Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of Articles thereof, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-the Members of the House. seventh of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

The said Account is preserved amongst the other " repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise,

Papers of this Session. " and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for

Accomts of Revenues of Bengal, &c. and of the East iodia Company's Debts Abroad, presented.

Account of Monies remaining in the Exchequer, ordered.

The House being informed that Mr. Morion, from the Directors of the East. In Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Bengal, and of the Annual Charges at the said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof: And also,

N° 2. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of

applying the said Duties, together with the other " Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the " European Dominions of the French King, into this " Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies " remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of " Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National " Debt;" and distinguishing the Produce thereof, in each Year, from the Commencement to the 5 th of January 1791.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Treaties with Fort Saint George, and of the Annual Charges at the Copies of the Treaties lately concluded between the the Mabrat. said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the East India Company and the Mahrattas, and between the East India Company and the Nizam.

Mr Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Report East Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the India Judi-several Lists which had been delivered in at the Table cature‘ in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the several Heads thereof: And also,

N° 3. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Bombay, and of the Annual Charges at the said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof: And also,

N° 4. An Account (made up according to the latest Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma Advices) of the Annual. Produce of the Revenues of jesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons Fort Marlborough, and of the Annual Charges at the accused of certain Offences committed in The East

said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; That several Heads thereof: And also, the Committee had examined the Lists accordingly;

N° 5. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing and had directed him to report to the House the Names by the East India Company at their several Presi- of every Member whose Name appeared in Twenty or

ordered.

dencies in The East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and (he Annual Amount of such Interest

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

more of the said Lists: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table.

And the House being informed that there was a Mistake made in the said Report;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. re-commit-

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to teA the Committee to whom the said Lists were referred.

Ordered, That the said Committee do report the same to the House Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, who were Militia appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Estima*e Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1791; Teporte

Account of all Monies that remained in the Exchequer That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accord-on the 5th Day of January 1786, after reserving suffi- ingiy, which they had directed him to report to the cient to defray the Interest and Charges of the Public House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-Debt due at that Period, and also after setting apart wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the all such Monies as were applicable to the Payment of same was read; and is as followeth;

.ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1791.

Twenty-eight Days Pay to 20,000 Militia Men Cloathing for D® -365 Days Pay to 1,028 Serjeants Cloathing for D®

365 Days ray to 514 Drummers Cloathing for D® -365 Days Pay to 1,028 Corporals D® D® - - to 66 Adjutants - -

38 Days Pay to the several Officers -

C

- 28,784

30,840

- 18,781

3.598

4,690

1,028

- 12,521

- 7.195

- 8,700

£ 116,137

Vo l. 46.

3 G Ordered,

206

21°- — 22"

A. 1791.

Letters, fcc. Belatieg to New South Wales ordered.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies, of Extracts, of all Letters or Papers received from Governor Philips, giving an Account of the Natureand Fertility of the Land in* and adjoining to, any Settlement in New South Wales, and in Norfolk Island, and of the Probability there is of raising any, and what, Provisions thereon, and of the Employment and Behaviour of the Convicts which have been sent there.

Payment of certain Proportions of His Majesty’s Forces in India, and of the European Forces of the East India Company, therein specified, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Shrewsbury Roads Petition.

A Petition of the Persons whose, Names are thereunto subscribed, being several of the Trustees . appointed for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury to " Preston Brockhurst, toShawb and to in

" the County of Salop," and for carrying into Execution another Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twentyiseventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term,

" and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act,

" passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Shrewsbury to " Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and, to Shreyhill, in the County of Salop, and for repairing several other

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to Motwa far bring in a Bill to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, Persons called Protesting Catholic Dissen- Bill to be ters, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which rouidartdia Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are *Cwnm»ua«. by Law subject;

The House was moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 30th Day o i 1772, " That " no Bill relating to Religion, or the Alteration of the " Laws epneeming Religion, be brought into this "House, until the Proposition shall have been first " considered in a Committee of the whole House, and " agreed unto by the House," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, NemineContradicente, That the said Motion

be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow

" Roads in the said County," was presented to the Sevennight, the 1st Day of March next, resolve itself

into a Committee of that Motion.

of the whole House, to consider

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by the said Acta have borrowed a considerable Sam of Money on tile Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, and have applied the same in repairing the said Roads, and for the several other Purposes directed by the said Acts, which Money still remains unpaid; and that the said Acts contain certain Exemptions from Toll, which, by Experience, have not only been found inconvenient and prejudicial to the Roads thereby directed to be repaired, but have also contributed veiy materially to lessen the Tolls collected on the said Roads, by Means: whereof the Tolls are become considerably deficient to discharge the Interest of the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, and to keep the said Roads in proper Repair, and to answer the other Purposes of the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the several Exemptions from loll contained in the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee :And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And 'It,is referred to Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Gilbert,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and ——

have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Rc-cords.

Mortis, 22° die Februarii;

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Act respect- Reading of the Bill for altering and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for removing,

" any Doubt respecting the Power of the Coromis- Prayers.

" sioners for the Affairs of India to direct that the r Hour appointed for taking" into Considera- CarlisleElec-

" Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining, JL tion the Petition of John Christian Curwen and tion Petitions "such Troops as may be judged necessary for the TVilson BraddyU Esquires; and also, the Petition of considered.

" Security of the British Territories and Possessions the several Persons whose Names ate thereunto subin The East Indies, should be defrayed out of the scribed, being Freemen uqd Ci^ens of the City of " Revenues airising from the said Territories and Carlisle, in the County of and having a

" Possessions; and for limiting the Application of the Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve "said Revenues, in the Manner therein mentioned," in Parliament for the stud City, complaining of an as relates to such Directions as shall be given or undue Election and Return for the said City, being approved by the said Commissioners, with respect to the corner.

9 :" The

Ordered, That Captain Halls do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to Commit te* consider of the African Slave Trade. on Slave

Trade.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Sugar Duty night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Blil detorei. House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deierretl-whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee -of the defer* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means re for raising the JSupply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Orai

tan’Djt

jSUi

ing Troops «ent to the Kast Indies rommitltd.

Anno 31* Georgii > III,u. Regis, 1791.

.Jj

King’s Sedg-moor Drainage and Division Bill presented*

Bicester and Aylesbury Road Bill presented.

Rother Navigation Petitions reported.

31 Geo. III. 23* Febru SOT

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the nil Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Seven Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.;

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Nineteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir John Baronet,' being drawn, he was nominated to serve on die sriid Chiiirtlittee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

1 And the Names of Twenty-nine other1 Members,1 then present, were drawn, who1 were not Objected to !

And the Name of the Honourable Thomas Gh^nvt/ll being drawn, he was nominated to serve on: the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners. ' *

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the send’ Names, the Names of the Right honourable William Gerard Hamilton, Sir William Baronet, mid Sir Edward Littleton, Baronet, were drawn, who having sworn that they were' severally Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were excused from serving on toe said Committee; and the Names of Thirty-four other Members/ then present, were drawn and set aside, Four1 on Account Of their being Sixty YeaW of Age, or upwards (before ’swom); Eleven against whose Election Petitions were depending; Orie as being a Petitioner, complaining' of art oridurt Election and Return1; Twelve as then serVSrtg on Select Committees; Five on Account of having, in this Session, served eu Select Committees; and One as having voted at the 'Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nme1 Names being complete; Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew. 1 ,

Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining and dividing a certain ‘Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called King’s SedgmOor, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, 1

Sassed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and1 widening the Rbad front Bicester, in toe County of Oxford, to in the County of Bucks:And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. '

Mr. Sargent reported from toe Committee, to whom tire Petition of George O'Brien, Earl of Egremont, Baron

of Cockermouth; and also, tire Petition of George O'Brien, Earl of Egremont, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative' to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the' Vot. 46.

Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed hurt to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report m his Plaice; artd afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; cess.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. William Jessvp being examined, said. That it would be of great Public Utility if the River Rother Was made Navigable from Mtdkuvat through tire Parishes of WooUavmgton and Easeboum, and through the several Places and Parishes in the Petition mentioned; to a certain Close, called The Railed Pieces, or Meadow, situate in the Parish of Stopham, in the County of Sussex, and from thence to communicate by a Navigable Cut or Cariat with the River A run, at or near Stopham Bridge, in- the County of Sussex — That be has surveyed the same, and finds such Navigation and Cut may be made at an easy Expence.

Mr. Thomas Upton being examined, said, That toe Earl of Egremont is willing to complete such Navigation at his own Expence.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition; ‘ Mr. Thomas Upton being examined/ said, That the ' making a Nivlgable Cut from the said River Rother, near Stopham Bridge, up to or near a certain Place, called Haslihgbounte Bridg in the

Parish of Petworth, in the' saikl County, being about toe

Distance of One Mile, will be a great Benefit artd Convenience to the Inhabitants of the Town of Petzcorth;’ and that the Earl Of Egrenumt is desirous of being* enabled to make the- said Cut, if the satire shrill be thought necessary.’ ' -

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring irt a Bill to enable the Earl of Egremdnt to make and maifttriiri the River Rother Navigable from the: Town of to a certain ’Meadow called The'Rolled; of Stdp-ham Meadow, in the Parish of Stopham, and1 a Navi-gaWb Cut from the said River to the River Aran, at or near Stopham Bridge', in the County of Sussex, and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Sargent, - Mr. Thomas Pelham, and Sir George Comewatl, do prepare, and bring1

in, the same.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, according to Bioeiter Mid: Order, a Bill for repairing and1 widening tori' Rbad front Aynho Roads the Market Place in Bicester, in the County Billpw-

to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; arid read tort First-Time.

Resolved, That the BiH be read a Second Time,

A Bill for enlarging the Term, and for1 explaining, Southwark amending, and making more effectual, the Potoefs, of Roads Bill Two1 several Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Yeai* committed* of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the’Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, to artd through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping toe same/ and several other Roads adjoining, in Rripaif, was read a Second Time.;

ResohedfTbat the Bill be committed td Russell, the Lord Hood, &c.: And they afe to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and principal Inha- Maidstoa* bitants, of the King’s Town and Parish of Maidstone, Paving Peti-in the County of Kent, whose Names arts thereunto t‘on* subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the paving, lighting, artd cleansing, the Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways, within the' said Town of Maidstone, and maintaining a Nightly.

WatcH toerein; wist be'bf great1 Publirt Utility: And therefore praying That Leave may bri given to bring

in

22° Februarii. A. 1791.

id a Bill for paving, lighting, and cleansing, the said Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways, and for maintaining a Nightly Watch within the said Town, by such Ways, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee:' And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Clement Taylor, Mr. Hony-wood, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Epworth A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Inclosur* thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Petition. others, having Right of Common, and other Rights, upon the Commons or Open and Uninclosed Grounds within the Parishes of , and

Owston, in the Isle of Axholme, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, which lie within the Manor of , large Tracts of

Common or Uninclosed Pasture Grounds, commonly called The Commons, containing, by Estimation, 9,800 Acres and upwards, which, in their present State, are not capable of Improvement, or can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, which would tend greatly to the Benefit of all such Persons, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said Commons and Uninclosed Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations* as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Ingilby, Mr. Anderson Pelham, and SitJohnThorold, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Chatterisand A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Wimblington thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Jwtoaure*11" ot^ers> Owners of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds Petition. - within the several Parishes of and

r and Hamletof Wimblington, in the said Parish of Dodington, within the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and of certain Commonable Messuages, Tofts, or Rights of Commonage, in the said Hamlet of Wimblington, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the North Bank of a certain Drain, called Vermuydens, or the Forty Feet Drain, front a „ Bridge in the said Parish of Chatteris, called Carter's Bridge, to a certain other Bridge called Horseway Bridge, and the West and North West Bank of a certain other Drain called Thurloe's, or the Sixteen Feet Drain, from the South End of the same Drain to a Bridge called Bool's Bridge, are in so ruinous a State that the Fen Lands and Low Grounds adjoining to the said Banks are in Part overflowed with Water, and the Remainder of the said Lands and Grounds are in imminent Danger of being in the same State; and that there are in the said Hamlet of Wimblington certain Commons and Waste Lands, containing about 900 Acres, which in their present State are of little Value to those having Right of Commonage thereon, and the Petitioners are desirous of having the said Commons and Waste Lands divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for embanking, draining, and preserving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, Hiat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. For, c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Corn Regula lion Bill

A Petition of the Owners and Agents of Ships, re- Petition siding in and near London, convened by public Adver- ^8a,nst ** tisement, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill, respecting the Com Trade, is now depending in the House, containing certain Clauses, whereby Vessels, with their Guns, Furniture,

Tackle, and Apparel, whatever be the Value of the same, are proposed to be made liable to Confiscation, for having on board a single Pound Weight of Biscuit, or a certain similar small Quantity of Grain, or Flour, contrary to the Provisions of the said Bill, though the same; should have happened without Fraud, or even without Privily, on the Part of the Owners, or though placed on board maliciously, or with a View to tbq Profit to arise from a collusive Seizure, which Seizure may forthwith be made by any Officer on the Part of His Majesty’s Customs; and that a single Proviso only is added,. purporting, that Evidence may be received by the Commissioners of the Customs, or the Courts of Law, in order to shew, from the Smallness of the Quantity of the said Articles so put on board, and other Circumstances of the Case, that neither the Owner, nor Master, nor other Person having Charge or Command of the Vessel, had Knowledge or Privity thereof, nor were guilty of any wilful Neglect, or Want of reasonable Care respecting the same, and that, where Proof shall be so made respectively, the Vessel, if exceeding One hundred Tons, shall not be forfeited; and that the Petitioners are by no Means relieved by the said Proviso from their just Apprehensions as to the evil Consequences, of the said Enacting Clauses, for, from the wording of the Proviso, as it now! stands, the Acceptance of such Evidence may be held to be optional, whereas they submit, that such Acceptance ought to be made peremptory; that the discretionary Power contained in the said Proviso appears only to be made to relate to Cases where small Quantities of the ,said Articles are put on board, whereas the Petitioners beg Leave to represent, that in the usual Course of Trade, considerable Quantities of such Articles may be put on board contrary to the Directions of the said Bill, as well from Inadvertence on the Part of the Shippers to the Forms therein prescribed, as from fraudulent Views, without any Neglect or Want of Care occurring, in either Case, on the Part of the Owners; that the Owners are still left to answer, in every Case whatever, not only for their own Acts and these of each other, but for the Acts of other Parties, since the Confiscation of the Vessel may follow on Account of Fraud or Neglect on the Part of the Captain, as well as of any other Person who may have the occasional Charge of the Vessel in his Absence; and, lastly, that great Injuries may arise to the Owners, not only of the Vessel, but also of the Cargo, in consequence of the Detention of the Vessel under Seizure, in order to await the Opinion of thq Commissioners of the Customs, or of a Court of Law, or the Determination of a Law Suit, against which Detention no Remedy whatever is provided by the said Bill; and that the Petitioners beg to submit the Impropriety of burthening Navigation with excessive Collateral Penalties in a Case where other direct Penalties amounting to a Forfeiture of the Goods in Question, along with Triple their Value, appear tp furnish a sufficient Remedy, and especially where other Penalties may be superadded affecting Persons guilty of having aided and abetted in the Commission of the

Offence;

31 Geo. III.

22° Februarii.

209

; the Cara Hrnli

iWDT

Offence; that Vessels of Value being rarely owned by dows. Pastures, Lands, and Commons, in which the single Persons, but having the Property thereof vested Properties of the Petitioners lie intermixed and dis-

in various Persons, who, for the most Part, reside in distant Places, or have separate Occupations, the Direction of such Vessel must necessarily be left to an Agent, or to the Person, whether Captain or Under Officer, having Command on board, according to

persed in small Parcels, and it would be very advantageous to all Persons interested therein, if the same' were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to each Proprietor, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying/

the Nature of the Case; that the Penalty, which may That Leave may be given to bring in, a Bill for divid'

thus fall collaterally on Persons having no Share in the Offence, may be out of all Proportion to that attaching to the Person who is Principal in such Offence, since in consequence of a Pound of Biscuit being put on board contrary to the Directions of the said Bill, through the fault or Connivance of the Person having Command of the Vessel, a Vessel of more than a Million of Times the Value thereof may be confiscated; that the Practice of confiscating Vessels, on Account of the Nature of their Loading, originated in ancient Times, when the Vessels in Use were small, the Places of Shipment secret, the Voyages short, and the Owner and Freighter commonly one and the same Person, but that the large and valuable Vessels at present in Use (amounting with their Stores in some Cases to

ing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem

O' ">

meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Francis Annesley and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Trustees for executing Shepton Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year Roa<* of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- petition.*1'8 cond, and the Fifth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of

£.30,000 in Value) which Vessels frequent none but Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and for re-

pi incipal Ports, are engaged in distant Voyages, and pairing the Road from Steen Bow Bridge to the Turn-

cany Goods lor Strangers as well as the Owners, have varied the Case so considerably, as to require a Change of S ystem; that a different System was wisely and happily adopted in the late Manifest Act, and the Petitioners submit that this Change ought to he persisted in both in future Cases, and by a Revision of the several Laws subsisting upon this Subject, as well for the Benefit of the Navigation and Trade of this Country, on which its Safety and Welfare so essentially depend, as for the Sake of Justice, since it is the Business of those concerned in shipping simply to convey Goods from Port to Port, and that of the proper Public Officers to examine into the Nature of such Goods: And, since it appears contrary to all Reason as well as to all Policy, that Laws

pike Road leading trom Glastonbury to Pipers Inn, and from Chilk’wellto Glastonbury, and from Shepton

Mallet to a Place called The White Post, in the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Wells, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress hath been made in amending the above mentioned Roads, and a considerable Debt hath' thereby been contracted, which cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, wi-derted, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof are altered, amended, and enlarged, so far as the same relate to the above mentioned Roads; and that the

should be vexatious and oppressive in a greater Degree, Road leading from Batcomb to Long Cross, in the said where so useful an Object as Navigation is concerned, County of Somerset, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow

than they are in the Case of Persons and of Property on Shore, therefore praying, That the Clauses in the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures in the City of Edinbwas also presented to the House, and read; Setting foith, That in the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Grain throughout Great Britain, now before the House, there are certain Clauses, which, if carried into a Law, would materially injure the Interests of the Petitioners: And in some Places, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being, and it would be beneficial to the Neighbourhood and the Public, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for the Repair of the said firstMiientioned Roads; and that the Streets, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places, within the said Town of Shepton Mallet, are not properly paved and cleansed, and the Powers given by the said Act of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for lighting the said Streets, and removing Obstructions therefrom, have been found

therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, ineffectual, and it would be a great Benefit and Conve-

nience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons resorting to or passing through the same, if the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, were well and sufficiently paved, cleansed, lighted, and regulated: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes above tation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty mentioned, in such Manner, by such Ways and Means, on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem on British Corn exported, is rc-committed; meet.

and the last mentioned Petitioners are to be Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine said Committee, upon their Petition, if they the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall ap-

at the Bar of the House, in Support of the Facts above stated.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Expor-

think lit.

WestCotting-worth fnclo-

A Petition of the several Persons w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and mm etmoD. 0jjers> Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Township of West in the East

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields, Mea-Vol. 40.

pear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Francis Annesley, Mr.

Phelips, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Committee House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on Mutiny

3 H House, Bill-

Accotant*

presented.

House*.

Militia.

Account of Duties on Stamps presented.

Carlisle Elec* tion Committee appointed.

22° FebrudriL 1791.

ijfpus?, ,ppon tfte.&U for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, fof the |>etter Payment of the Army and their Quarters, bp npw.rejad.

And t^e ,sa(d Order being read accordingly;

..,‘JThe House resolved itself into the said Com-

niittee. 2 ;4 j

tj\ Speaker left the Chau-,.

In. fifenry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Speaker resumed the Chqir. jffewry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and maide several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report^ when the House will please to receive the same., '

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next

ouse being informed that j^fr. "Brent, from the r Affairs of Taxes, attended at tfye Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their, Orders*

An Account, of the Net Produce of the Duties on Xnhabi^ Houses under an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, which, in pursuance of the said Act, have bpen paid over to the Receiver General of the Customs, from the 6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791, both inclusive, distinguishing each Year;: And ajsp,

An Account of the Sums paid out of the Produce of the J^and Tax in each Year, from the 6th Day of Ja-iuan/,.1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791, for the Seryjcp of the Militia.

And then, he withdrew.

And tf}p Titles of the said Accounts were, read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie- upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House*

The, said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, being informed that Mr. Floyd, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Njet Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Duties, on Stamps, from the 6th. of January 1786 to the 5fh of January 1791; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have aippunted to £. 1,000, or more.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House, .

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

' ' J ‘ ‘1 The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being

returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said lists, which had been struck by the said Qounsel in his Presence, together with,a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members, then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List 1 the Names, of Sir Sinclair, Baronet, and the Honourable Thomas Grenville, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows: j. .,

John Nesbitt, Esquire, Jbsepfifymdail Rwrci, Esquire, Lieutenant Harry Burrard, of the Royal Navy, Francis

Gregor, Esquire, Dtrcid Hrnd Esquire, the Honourable John Somers Cocks, Edward Esquire, Sir

James St. Clair Erskine, Baronet, the Honourable Henry

Hobart, Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire,!

Coke, Esquire, Christopher Hawkins, Esquire; Montgomery, Esquire, Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, the Honourable Thomas Grenoitfe.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires; and also of tine Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, and having a Right to vote in the Elation of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, were sworn by the Clark at the Table iti the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That the Orders for taking into Consideration the several postponing Petitions, complaining of undue Elections aind Returns, be severally postponed for a Week beyond the Days on which the said Petitions are now ordered to be taken into Consideration;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®u Bill to upon the Bill for altering and amending so much of , Act an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His Ma- Tro^gsfnt

ns Reign, intituled, "An Act for removing any to the East ouhts respecting the Power of the Commissioners Indies.

" for the Affairs of India, to direct that the Expence " of raising, transporting, and maintaining, such Troops " as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories, and Possessions in The East " Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising " from the said Territories and Possessions; and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues, iii the " Manner therein mentioned," as relates to such Directions as shall be given or approved by the said Commissioners, with respect to the Payment of certain Proportions of His Majesty's Forces in India, and of the European Forces of the East India Company, therein specified, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House, will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Orders of the That the other Orders of the Day be now read; Day to be

The House divided. read*

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeaa,|^ charier Long: Teller, for ^Noer.p' C’;^ . So it was revived in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read. Committee for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the 0,1 Corn R«-whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regu- 6ulatwn fating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and 9 the

31 Geo. III.

22° — 23° Februarii.

211

Petition against the Corn Regulation Bui

Ditto,

tioners now look up to the House f It would also be subversive of the Right which the Subjects of North Britain have to the Enjoyment of equal Laws iu Matters of Trade and Commerce with their Brethren of the South, as provided for by the Treaty of Union: The Petitioners would also submit to the House, that a free Importation and Exportation of Corn at all

the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Coni exported;

A Petition of the Incorporation of Barbers in Glasgow, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; And Setting forth. That the same contains Clauses depriving thje People of Scotland of the Privilege of regulating Importation according to the Prices in each County separately by itself, Times, which is consistent with their Civil Rights, and continuing a Distinction between the Two King- would be highly beneficial both to Manufactures and doms in regard to the Article of Oat-meal (which is Agriculture (the Exportation to be nevertheless sub-of the utmost Consequence to the People of Siolland)ject to Restrictions in Times of extreme Scarcity) this dissonant to the Meaning and Spirit of the Union, in- would increase the Trade and Revenue of the Nation, compatible with their Rights as British Subjects, and which, when they flourish, are sure to improve Agri-contrary in every Point of View to Justice and sound culture, and raise the Value of Land; on the contrary. Policy: That the Privilege granted by the Com Law to raise the Price of Grain would starve and fetter at present in Force, of regulating Importation by the their Manufactures and Trade, and even hurt the Prices in each County separately, has been attended Landed Interest, Evils which, it is hoped, the House with the most beneficial Consequences, is a Point will in its Wisdom prevent, by allowing a free Import which has been proved not only by the Establishment and Export of Corn: And therefore praying the House and the Celerity of the Improvement of several va- to afford such Relief in the Premises as to them shall

luable Branches of Manufacture in the West of Scotland, which give Bread to some Hundred Thousands of industrious People, for whose Subsistence Importation has been found to be always necessary, but by a

correspondent Improvement in Agriculture, and a

seem meet

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

-v — r.....r.....e ----- ---, — _ Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

Rise in the Value of Land, to all which, and to the mittee, That they do consider of allow ing, upon certain [he Imporia-Peace and Quiet of the Country, the Petitioners ap- Conditions, the Importation of Corn, ground and un- tion of Corn prebend the most alarming Consequences, if the ground, from Ireland, and His Majesty’s Colonies in from Ireland District in which Glasgow is included be not much America, at lower Prices than the same are allowed to be America, conlined in Point of Extent, and if every Discrimination imported from other Countries.

between the Two Kingdoms in respect to the Article of Out-meal be not completely obliterated; and that, independent of the Distress apprel<ended from the said Clauses to the Manufactures and Commerce of that Part of the United Kingdom, and not to mention the Prospect of Scarcity, and the Danger of popular

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Committee

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That

oo Corn Regulation Bill.

Tumult, the Petitioners beg Leave to represent, that they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was the subjecting their Part of the United Kingdom to a directed by the Committee to move, that they may have separate Regulation concerning Oat-meal from that to Leave to sit again.

obtain in England, especially considering that such Regulation must have the Effect to raise the Price of that Article in Scotland above that in , is not only

derogatory to the Right which every Subject of Britan has to the Enjoyment of equal and impartial Laws in Matters of Trade and Commerce, but may eventually be drawn into a Precedent for establishing a partial Tax of the Raw Materials of our Manufactures, or of any other Commodities, in particular Districts of the Kingdom, totally adverse to the Petitioners Ideas of Justice and sound Policy: And therefore praying, That the House will afford such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem proper.

A Petition of the Incorporation of Weavers in Glasgow, was also’presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the same, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the said Incorporation i:i particular, and to the Manufactures of Britain in general: That the Clauses depriving each County of regulating Importation for itself, as formerly allowed, and classing so many Counties into One District, some of which being at great local Distances, where Com, from the low State of Manufactures, is always cheap, others abounding in Manufactures requiring a great Supply of Com at all Times, and the Average Price of the Whole to be the Rule of Importation, would be found highly inconvenient, and tend to raise the Price of Provisions in the manufacturing Counties: It will also occur to the House, that the Clause in the Bill allowing Importation into England at the Low Duties

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2d Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed which was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to exa- Report mine the several Lists which had been delivered in at. deferred, the Table in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23’ Februarii; Anno 3i* Georgii III*" Regis, 1791.

Praters.

when Com is at Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, and /ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Tiverton into Scotland when Meal is at Sixteen Shillings per rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ. Boll, creates an Advantage in Favour of England, ,the Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this Difference of the Measures being as. Six to Five, and present Parliament for the Borough of Tiverton, in the would be partial, and to the Infant Manufactures of County of Devon, in the room of the Right ho-Scotland oppressive, for Protection of which the Peti- nourable Dudley Ryder, who, since his Election for the Vot. 40. said

Chichester

Writ.

Koithan's Nat. Bill reported.

Hey man’s Nat. Petition.

Holy Island

Inclosure

Petition.

Sonde’land

Police

Petition.

212 23° Fd

said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Thomas Steele, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster General of llis Majesty’s Land Forces.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Frederick Koithan was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Henry Heyman, the Younger, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Air. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of ancient Freehold Messuages, Burgages, or Tenementsj within the Manor and Parish of Holy Island, in the County Palatine of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Manor and Parish, a certain Stinted Pasture, Common, or Tract of Waste Land, upon which the Petitioners and others are entitled to Right of Common, or to certain Stints, and there are also, within the said Island, divers ancient Infield Lands belonging to the Petitioners and others, which are subject to a Right of Common, or Eatage, at a certain Time in the Year; and that, if the said Stinted Pasture, Common, or Tract of Waste Land, was divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the same might be considerably improved, and it would be of Benefit to the several Owners and Proprietors of the said ancient Infield Lands if the Right of Common, or Eatage, upon or over the same was extinguished: And there, fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Stinted Pasture, Common, or Tract of Waste Land, and for extinguishing the Right of Common, or Eatage, upon the said ancient Infield Lands, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Pravev of the said Petition: And that Mr. Milbanke and Air. Bardon do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

A Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, Coalfitters, Ship Owners, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Town and Borough is very large and populous, and a Place of great Resort, from the Port and Haven whereof a large Quantity of Coals is Annually exported, and the same is a Parish in itself; and that the Streets, Lanes, Public W'ays, and Passages, within the said Town and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, are not properly cleansed, paved, or lighted, and are subject to various

marii, A. 1791.

Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are in many Places so narrow and uneven as to be incommodious and unsafe for the Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, and the Travellers, Passengers, and others, resorting thereto; and that the Markets within the said Town and Borough are not properly regulated, and the Wages and Fares of Porters, Keelmen, Coalheavers, Carmen, and Chairmen within the said Town and Borough, and the Port and Haven thereof, are not sufficiently fixed and regulated; and that it will be of great Public Utility to render the Streets, Lanes, or Alleys, Public Ways and Passages, of the said Town and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, more commodious and safe for the Inhabitants, and for Travellers resorting thereto, and to remove various Obstructions, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, therein, and it will be expedient and necessary to pull down several Houses, and other Buildings and Erections, within the said Town and Borough, and Suburbs thereof, for that Purpose; and that it will be of much Benefit, Advantage, Convenience, and Safety, as well to the Inhabitants, as to all other Persons resorting to the said Towm and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, that the Streets, Lanes, or Alleys, Public Ways, Passages, and Market Places within the same, should be well paved, lighted, and improved, and that an able and well-regulated Watch should be established therein, and it will also be of considerable Advantage, that the Markets in the said Town and Borough should be better regulated and governed, and that the Wages and Fares of Porters, Keelmen, Coalheavers, Carmen, and Chairmen, within the said Town and Borough, and the Port and Haven thereof, should be fixed and regulated: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, of the said Streets, Lanes, or Alleys, Public Ways and Passages, of the Town and Borough of Sunderland, and the Suburbs thereof, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Markets therein, and for fixing and regulating the Wages and Fares of Porters, Keelmen, Coalheavers, Carmen, and Chairmen, within the same Town and Borough, and the Suburbs thereof, and within the Port and Haven of Sunderland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Milbanke, Mr. Burdon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, Coalfitters, Ship Owners, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Sunderland,near the Sea, in the County of Dur-

ham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish is very populous, and the Poor thereof have lately much increased, and are increasing, by Means of the great Numbers of Persons employed in the Capacities of Sailors, Coalheavers, and Keelmen, who reside within the said Parish; and that the usual Rates upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish have been found, and are wholly inadequate tq the Support of the said Poor, and it will be expedient that some further Provision should be made for the said Poor by an Assessment upon all Ships and Vessels clearing Outwards at the Custom House of the Port of ' dertand: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Maintenance and Support of thq Poor of the stud Parish of Sunderland.

r. i

Sunderland PoorPetiuoiu i

31 Geo. III.

23° Febni

213

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Mr. presented to the House, accord- St. Pancm

Consideration of n Committee: And that they do exa- ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, Paving Bill mine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His pitsent Presente<1-

Fin»bury Square Paving, &c. Petition.

appear to them, to the House;

And it is reterred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Inhabitants of Houses in Finsbury in the Parish of

Saint Lube, Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Square hath been lately laid out, and Houses of considerable "Value arc erected, or now building, on Three Sides thereof, and a Part of the said Square is inclosed with Iron Rails, in order to be laid out as a Garden or Pleasure

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching the Streets, and other " Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of " Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as- lies " on the West Side of Tottenham Court Road, and for " preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and " for obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said Road " to pave, repair, and cleanse such Part of the said Road " as is therein described And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Selby Bridge whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, tree- Petition reholders, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose Pomd* Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the Town

Ground, and the said Square is not yet paved, and is of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, and subject to Nuisances and Annoyances, and that, if the in the Vicinity thereof, was referred; That the Com-

G round inclosed as aforesaid was laid out with proper Walks, or otherwise embellished, to be used as a Garden or Pleasure Ground, and if proper Powers were given for keeping in Repair the said Inclosure, and for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and

mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relative to Bills for erecting Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the -Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the

watering, the said Square, and also, the Streets at the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he

Back of the Houses on the North and East Sides of the said Square, called, or intended to be called, Bishop's Place and JFilsonStreet, also the Street called, or intended to be called, Christopher Street, leading from the said Square into Wilson Street aforesaid, and likewise the Street leading from the North West Comer of the said Square to the Entrance of the City Road, with all such Streets, Squares, and Places, as now are, or hereafter may be, formed, within the following Boundaries; that is to say, from that Part

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Eadon being examined, said, That there is no Communication except by Ferries over the River Ouse, between the Ridings and Districts bounded by the said River, from the City of York to the River Humber, which are upw'ards of Forty Miles distant from each other by Water, and near Thirty by Land

of Artillery Place, which is opposite the North West — That the Ferry over the said River at Selby aforesaid, commonly called Selby Ferry, is nearly Central in both these Respects between the City of York and the Humber, much frequented by Passengers, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, and the only Way for the Inhabitants of several of the adjacent Villages to pass to and from their Market — That the Passage over the

Corner of Bishop's Place, across the Entrance of the City Road to the said North West Corner of Bishop's Place, and then proceeding Eastward along the Fronts of the Houses on the North Side of

Bishop's Place aforesaid to the Beginning of Worship

Street, opposite the Public House, called The Cock and Magpye, and then crossing the Entrance of Wor- said Ferry, and every other Ferry upon the Ouse, is at

ship Street aforesaid, to the North West Corner of the all Times attended with Delay, in some Seasons dan-said Public House, and proceeding Southward along gerous, and at others impassable; and that if a Bridge the Fronts of the Houses on the East side of JFilson was erected at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse Street and Moorfields, across the Entrance of Broker’s at Selby aforesaid, the same would be of great Public Rove, to the Rails belonging to the Quarters in Moor- Utility, and of essential Service to the East, West, fields, and then proceeding Westward, along the

North Side of the Railing belonging to the said Quarters, and across the Street to the Entrance of Ropemakers Street, and from thence proceeding North-

and North Ridings of the County of York, the Counties of Lincoln, Lancaster, and Westmorland, and the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

ward, in a Line along the Fronts of the Houses on the building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River West Side of Moorfields, to that Part of Artillery Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of Place, which is opposite to the North West Corner of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Bishop's Place aforesaid, and for preventing Nuisances, borough, in the East Riding of the said County of York: Annoyances, and Encroachments, on the said Square, And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. JFilberforce do pre-Streets, and Places, it w ould be a great Benefit and pare, and bring in, the same.

Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Square and Streets, and to all Persons resorting to or passing through the same: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Wakefield whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Church Peti-other Inhabitants of the Town and Township of - don reported.

the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and field, in the West Riding of the County of York, was

under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mairrwaring, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Lee being examined, said, That the Inhabitants

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s of the said Town have of late Years, greatly increased, Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and the Parish Church is too small for their Reception and Records. to attend Divine Service: — That it would be of great

Vol. 46. 3 I Benefit

Pontefract Water and Paving, See. Petition.

Flirowell Vent Road Petition.

Benefit to the Inhabitants if a new Church was built Progress in amending the said Roads, but, from the in some convenient Place within the said Town, and Nature of the Soil and other Circumstances, they find a proper Piece of Ground provided and set apart that the said Roads cannot be completed and kept in for a Church-yard; and if Provision was made for Repair unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts the Maintenance of a Minister to officiate at the said be enlarged, and the Acts in some other Respects Church. varied and made more effectual; and that the Dis-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for tance from the Oaks on the said Turnpike Road building a new Church in the Town of Wakefield, in the in Bec in the said County of , through

West Riding of the County of York, and for providing bread , in the Parishes of Beckly and

a proper Burial Ground, and making Provision for a aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road on Northiam , is,

Minister to officiate at the said Church: And that Mr. less, by One Mile One Quarter and Seventy-four Duncombe, and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, Rods, than by the present Turnpike Road from the the same. said Four Oaks, through the Villages of Beckly and

Northiam aforesaid, to the End of Lane on

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Pontefract the Turnpike Road on Northiam Hill aforesaid, but the and Tanshelf,in the West Riding of the County of said Whitebread Lane is in a ruinous Condition, narrow

York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting in some Places, and cannot be amended, widened, and forth, That, by an Act lately passed for dividing the kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And Park of Pontefract, in the County of York, and for therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in other Purposes therein mentioned, a certain Portion a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts, of the said Park was set apart for the Use of the In- and in some other Respects to vary and make the said habitants of Pontefract and Tanshelf, in such Manner, Acts more effectual, and to repair and widen the above and subject to the Regulations and Restrictions men- mentioned additional Road, in such Manner as to the tioned in the said Act, and several Amendments are House shall seem meet.

wanting in order to render the same more useful to Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Inhabitants of the said Towns; and that there are Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Meaus of supplying the Inhabitants of the said Towns mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall more plentifully and conveniently with Water, from appear to them, to the House: whence great Advantage would be derived, and the And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. said Towns would be greatly improved if proper bcc. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine Powers were obtained for lighting, paving, and cleans- of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have ing the same, and for removing Annoyances therein; Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, and that Regulations in the said Towns respecting the

Poor, Various Hospitals, and a Charity School, in the A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are vinehall and said Town of Pontefract,would be of great Benefit to thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Exe- Cripps’* the said Inhabitants: And therefore praying, That cution an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His p°'.nJrRoad

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening e on*

several Purposes above mentioned, under such Regu- the Road from the Turnpike Road at in the

lations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem Parish of Mountfield, in the County of Sussex, to meet Comer, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Turnpike Road near the Wind Mill in the Parish of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Beckly, and from Staple Cross to Water Com

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall Mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to the appear to them, to the House: Town of Rye, in the said County, was presented to the

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution,

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and except with respect to the said Roads from Staple Cross

have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Re- to the Turnpike Road near the Wind Mill in the

cords. Parish of Beckly, and from Staple Cross to Longley's

Water Com Mill at Kent Ditch, whereon no Turnpike A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are has been erected, nor Toll taken; and that the Peti-thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Exe- turners have made great Progress in repairing the other cution an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Roads included in the said Act, and in order thereto Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing have borrowed, on the Credit of the Tolls of the said " and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the Road leading from Vinehall to the Town of Rye, divers " County of Sussex,through Highgate, in the County Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to £. 2,600,

" of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, which are still due thereon; and that the said Act is " and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, nearly expired, and the Petitioners find, from the Naand from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, in ture of the Soil and other Circumstances, that the said " the said County of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake, in the Roads cannot be kept in Repair, and the Interest " said County of Kent;" and also another Act, made of the said Sums of Money paid, unless some further in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Tolls are granted, the Term of the said Act enlarged.

Reign, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of an and the Act in some other Respects varied and made " Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave " present Majesty, for repairing and widening the may be given to bring in a Bill to increase the Tolls,

" Road from Flimcell Vent, in the County of Sussex, and enlarge and prolong the Term and Powers of the through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the said Act, and to repeal so much thereof as relates to Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to the Roads from Staple Cross to the Turnpike Road " Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from High- near the Wind Mill in Beckly, and from Staple Cross to " gate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, in the said County Longley's Water Corn Mill at Kent Ditch, and in some " of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of other Respects to vary and make the said Act more " Kent, as relates to the Road from Highgate to Tubb's effectual.

" Lake, and for enlarging the Term and Powers of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the " the said Act with respect to the other Roads therein Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- contained," was presented to the House, and read; mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great appear to them, to the House:

31 Geo. III.

23° Febru

215

said.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Thomas

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Call,have no Doubt that further Sums to eflect the Work &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, will be soon subscribed and raised; and that it would, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; in the Judgment of the Petitioners, be of great Ad-and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and vantage to the said Scheme to have the Proprietors Records. incorporated into a Body Politic, by such Name and

Firm as Parliament shall think proper: And there-Lewes Mar- A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring ket Petition. Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, was pre- in a Bill to effect the Intention and Purposes afore-sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners enjoy by Prescription a Market for Provisions within the said Town and Borough, but the same is too small for their Accommodation, the Powers thereof too contracted, and the Place where the same is now held is so situated as not to admit of

any Enlargement; and that they labour under very See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-

great Inconveniences in not having a Market for Live ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Stock within the said Borough, which, if instituted, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and would tend greatly to their Benefit and Advantage: Records.

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to

bring in a Bill for enlarging and extending the Powers A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Petitions ip

of the present Prescriptive Market within the said holders. Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, resi-

Town and Borough, and removing the same to another ding in the Town and Neighbourhood of - canaL

convenient Place within the said Town and Borough ter, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and inte-

of Leues, or within the Precinct of the Castle of Lewes rested in the Prosperity and Welfare thereof: And aforesaid, and also for holding a Market within the also,

Districts aforesaid for Live Cattle. A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the holders. Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, re-

consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- siding in the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton in the mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and inte-

shall apfiear to them, to the House: rested in the Prosperity and Welfare thereof: And

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Call,also,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; holders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, residing and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and in the Town and Neighbourhood of Bury, in the

Chapd on the H&th Hoad Bill committed.

Manchester Canal Petition.

Records.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rushout, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, interested in the Welfare of Agriculture and Commerce, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are satisfied, that a Navigable Canal from the Town of Manchester to the Town of Bolton, and to the Town of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, would be of great Public Benefit, would

County Palatine of Lancaster, and interested in the Prosperity and Welfare thereof;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are satisfied that a Navigable Canal from Manchester to Bolton, and to the Town of Bury, in the said County of Lancaster, would be of great Benefit to the Public in general, by promoting in a considerable Degree the Interests of Agriculture and Commerce, and by facilitating the Conveyance of Merchandize brought into, carried out of, manufactured, used, and consumed in the aforesaid Towns, and the adjacent Country: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to effect the Intentions and Purposes aforesaid.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, Graziers, Holland Peti-

_..., _______ _____________ and Breeders of Cattle, in Behalf of themselves, t,®fj^®raTax

tend in a very considerable Degree to promote Agri- and others, residing in the Parts of Holland, in the on °* culture and Commerce, and be of infiuite Use in faci- County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and litating, as well the Conveyance of Merchandizes read; Setting forth. That great Losses have been brought into, manufactured, used, and consumed in sustained by the Petitioners, by the drowning and the aforesaid Towns, and the adjacent Country, as otherwise destroying of their Sheep and Cattle by of the Produce thereof, and the Neighbourhood; and Dogs, and the Dangers and Inconveniences daily that the Petitioners have caused to be made Surveys, arising to the Inhabitants of the said Parts of Holland,

Plans, and Levels, of the Lands lying within the in the County of Lincoln, from the great Number of several Parishes through which the said Canal may be those Animals now kept there (many of which appear best carried to effectuate the Purposes aforesaid, and totally useless) render a Scheme for the Prevention have procured an Estimate of the Value of such Pur- of those Evils in futuro highly necessary; and that chases as arc required to be made for and of the the Petitioners conceive, that the laying a small Pa-whole incidental Expences that must necessarily at- rochiat Tax on Dogs kept in the said Parts of Holland, tend the Completion of the said Work, from which in the County of Lincoln, would be the Means of they trust it will appear that the same is practicable, remedying the Grievance complained of: And therefore and, with such Powers to collect and make Reser- praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill voirs for Water as Parliament shall think proper, to avoid and prevent the Inconveniences, Damages, may be carried into Execution for a very incousider- and Mischiefs, occasioned by the Multiplicity of useless able Sum of Money, of which a considerable Part and unnecessary Dogs kept in the Parts of Holland, has been already subscribed, and the Petitioners in the County of Lincoln,

Vo l.46. Ordered,

216 23° Februarii. A. 1791.

Gedney

Inclosure

Petition.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable John Earl of Buckinghamshire, and the humble Petition of Charles Anderson Pelham, Esquire, and Everard Buehworth Herne, Esquire, Lords of the several Manors of Gedney Burlion, Gedney Welby, Gedney , and Gedney

Pawlett, within the Parish of Gedney, in the County of Lincoln, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Proprietors of Messuages and Toftsteads in the said Manors and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the Parish of Gedney and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, several Open Common Fresh and Salt Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, containing together, by Estimation, 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, upon which the Proprietors of Commonable Messuages and Toftsteads, in the Parish and Hamlet aforesaid, have Right of Common; and that the said Common Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested therein, and to the Community in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be giveri to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, Hinder such Regulations as the House shall deem necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Harrison do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Occupiers of Lands, in the several Townships of Tarleton, Bretherton, Uheswalton Mau'dtsley,

Bispham, Latham, and Ruf within the several Parishes of Croston, Ley land, and Ormskirk, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That certain Low Lands, lying in the several Townships, and within the several Parishes before named, of considerable Extent, have been, and still are, much subject to be Overflowed, through the great Defect of their Outfalls to the Sea, and the Obstructions in the present Course of the Rivers Lostock and Yarrow, and the Navigable Rivers Douglas and Astland, and in other Rivers and Rivulets, and in Eller Brook, and other Brooks in the said Parishes, whereby the said Lands are rendered, of little Value, but, if the said Lands were drained, and the Course of the said Rivers and Brooks for that Purpose diverted, cleansed, and widened, and the Banks thereof respectively improved, it would be of great Advantage to the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of such Lands, and would in other Respects be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to effect the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, the Lord North, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Anwick Inclosure and Drainage Petition.

Tarleton, See*

Drainage

Petition.

A Petition of William Hazelwood, the Reverend John Andrews, Clerk, and Thomas Wing, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Open and Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Fens, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Fens, and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners, the Right honourable Frederick Earl of Bristol, and others, which in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that a great Part of the said Meadow Grounds, Fens, and Waste Lands, are frequently Overflowed, or otherwise annoyed with Water, and, if the same were properly drained, and the said Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Fens, and Waste Lands, divided into specific Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, the Whole might be considerably improved, to the great Advantage of all Parties interested, and to the Benefit of the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Fens, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Anwick, and for draining and improving the said Meadow Grounds, Fens, and Waste Lands, under such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s' Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. *

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers, or the Agents of Owners, Lessees, and

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, Kington and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Free- Leominster holders, and others, of the Counties of Worcester, *ranal Salop, and Hereford, and Parts adjacent, whose Names ,<mrepo are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Dadford, Junior, an Engineer, being examined,

said, That, by a Survey lately made, it appears that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be conveniently made from the Towns of Kington and Leominster, in the County of Hereford, to join and communicate with the River Severn, near Stourport, in the County of Worcester.

Mr. Thomas Waritig being examined, said, That the making the said Canal, together with such Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, and proper Railways and Roads to the Canal, will tend to supply the said Towns of Kington and Leominster, and the Country adjacent thereto, and to the Line of the Canal, with Coal and Lime Stone, of which there are considerable Quarries on the Course of the Canal, and be of great Benefit to the Owners of Lands — That the Canal will open a Communication into the interior Pants of the Country and Markets for the other Products of the Counties through which it will pass.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through minster, to join the River Severn, near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester;and that Mr. Alderman Harley and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring . in, the same.

A Petition

by

31 Geo. III. 23° Februarii. 217

Liviugstone A Petition of the several Heritors of the Counties cannot be done without further Tolls and Powers;

Roads *Peti*W Lanerkand Linlithgow, whose Names are thereunto and that the opening of a Street, and making a Com-

tion. ' subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves, and the munication from the above-mentioned Branch of Road other Trustees for repairing the Roads from Living- from Carntyne, by Whitehill and Drygate Bridge, to the stone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, High Street of the City of Glasgow, and also another and by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Strath- Street from the West Side of the said High Street, to avert, and for repairing and widening the Road from run in a straight Line till it joins Dukes Street in the the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochga/e, said City, would tend greatly to the beautifying of the to the Town of Strathaven, pursuant to Two certain said City, and to the Benefit and Advantage of the In-Acts of Parliament, one made in the Twenty-sixth habitants thereof and of the neighbouring Parts of the Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Country to the Eastward: And therefore praying.

Second, and the other made in the Eleventh Year of That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the the Reign of His present Majesty, and also of the several Purposes aforesaid, and that all such proper Trustees for repairing the several Roads leading into Powers, Restrictions, and Regulations, may be insert-the City of Glasgow, in so far as the same relate to the ed therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Road leading from the Town of Airdrie, towards the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

City of Glasgow, through the Village of Shuttlestoun, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do till it falls into the Great Road from Muriehallto the examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as said City, by virtue of certain Acts of Parliament it shall appear to them, to the House: made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years And it is referred to Sir James Steuart Denham, Sir of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and the Robert c.: And they are to meet To-mor-

Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in die Speakers and also of the Trustees for repairing the District of Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Pa-Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, in so far as re- pers, and Records, lates to that Branch of Road from the said Great Road,

by Drygate and Whitehill,to Carntyne; as also of the A Petition of Thomas Star, James Bull, James Lane, Stoke and

Eord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the Thomas Hicks, James Hicks, John Star, Thomas Hard- |),?ycott

City of Glasgow, was presented to the House, and xcich, JohnTaylor, and others, was presented to the House,

read; Setting forth, That the Trustees under the and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Corn-

said several Acts have borrowed large Slims of Money, mons or Wastes, called Stoke Moor, and which have been expended in carrying the Trusts of within the Manor and Parish of Rodney Stoke, in the

the said Acts into Execution, and a considerable Sum County of Somerset, containing together about 800

of Money still remains due from the Trustees of the Acres, and the Petitioners and others, as Owners or

said several Roads, which cannot be repaid, and the Proprietors of Lands or Tenements within the said

said Roads kept in a proper State of Repair, unless the Manor and Parish, have, in respect of such their Lands

Terms and Powers granted by the said several Acts and Tenements, Rights of Common upon the said

are further extended and enlarged; and that the Road Commons or Wastes; and that it would not only be

leading from Long Livingston to the Town of Bathgate, of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interest-

in the County of Linlithgow, and also the Road from cd in- the said Commons or Wastes, if the same were

New Inn to the Town of Airdrie aforesaid, and also the divided and inclosed, but of Public Utility: And there-

Road leading from the Town of Hamilton, by Bothwell fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a

Bridge, till it joins the Great Road at Gateside, and also Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said

the Road leading from Bothicell Bridge, by Parkhead, Commons or Wastes, as to the House shall seem

to its Junction with the Great Road at Bellshill, are meet.

very much out of Repair, and inconvenient to Tra- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

vellers; and that the present Bridge over the Clyde, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

called Bothwell, Bridge, upon the Road leading from Air. Gamon, Mr. Henry Hobart, and General Adeane,

HiAnilton to Glasgow, and which is also the Great Road do prepare, and bring in, the same, from Carlisle, by Hamilton, to the City of Glasgow, has

become insufficient for Carriages having Occasion to The Earl of Lisburne, reported from the Committee, Cardigan pass and re-pass over the same, and will require other to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Roads ®lU large Sums of Money to be laid out in repairing, ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the rep°r altering, or re-building the same; and that the Road Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing leading from the Great Road between Edinburgh and several Roads in the County of Cardigan, and for re-Glasgow,by Theivcs Foord or Bogleshole Foord, and join- pairing other Roads in the said County, was coming the High Road betwixt Hamilton and Rutherglen, mitted; That the Committee had examined the is materially connected with the said Great Road be- Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to twixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, and is very much out of be true; and that the Committee had gone through Repair, and cannot be rendered complete, unless a the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

Bridge is built over the said River Clyde, at or near which they had directed him to report to the House;

Theives Foord, at a Place a little below Clydes Miln; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the repair- delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ing the several Branches of Roads above mentioned, Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once and repairing and building of the said Two Bridges, read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by will be of great Benefit to the Country, and very much One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, facilitate the Intercourse of the Inhabitants and other were agreed to by the House.

Persons travelling the said Roads, but the same cannot Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be be effected under the said Acts and the Statute Duty ingrossed. of the said Counties; and that the Petitioners apprehend it will tend very much to the Improvement of A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Langton Fn-the said several Roads, and the Benefit of the Trusts, if thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons in- *ure ^et‘* the same were consolidated into One Trust, and put terested in, the Common and Open Fields, Common lon‘ under the Management and Regulation of the same Pastures, Common Meadows, Lot Grounds, and other Trustees, and if the said Trustees were empowered to Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish, make and repair the said several Branches of Roads, Townships, or Hamlets, of

and to build and repair the said Bridges, but the same ton, Thorpe Langton, and Tur Langton, in the County V01. 46. 3 K of

of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it will be advantageous to the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lot Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to every of them, according to their respective Properties and Interests therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lot Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Man* ner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Cave and Mr. Pochin do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Haverford- Mr. Aldridge presented to the House, according to west and Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Roads^Ud RePa’r> the Roads leading from the Town of P resen ted. fordwesttp the City of Saint David’s, and from the said City to Caerfai, in the Parish of Saint David's, in the County of Pembroke: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hope and A Petition of the Right hondhrable Lloyd Lord Dodleston Kenyon, Lord Chief Justice of His Majesty’s Court of Drains'"^ King’s Bench, the Right honourable Edward Earl of Petition! Derby, the Right honourable Richard Earl Grosvenor, and the Right honourable Trevor Charles Lord Dacre, was presented to the House, and read; Setting iorth, That there are, within the Manor of Hope, in the County of Flint, and within the adjoining Manor of Dodleston, in the County Palatine of Chester, divers Open Commons and Waste Grounds, containing together about 6,oooo Acres, over which the Petitioners and others have Right of Common and other Rights; and that the said Commons and Waste Grounds are at present of little Value, but would be greatly improved if divided into specific Allotments and inclosed, and a certain Part of the said Commons, called Dodleston Moor, is at present subject to frequent Inundations, and would be greatly improved by Draining: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds within the said several Manors of Hope and D, and also for draining the said Part of the said Commons, called Dodleston Moor, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Sir Roger Mostyn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Thames and A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Severn Canal Thames an(j Severn Canal Navigation, was presented Petition. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Isis, at or near Leachlade, to join and communicate with the Stroudwater Canal at JVallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, at or near Siddington, to or near the Town of Cirencester, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, Power was given to make complete and maintain such Navigable

Canal and Collateral Cut for the Navigation of Boats,

Barges, and other Vessels, and the said Company of Proprietors have nearly completed the said Canal and Collateral Cut; and that the said Company were, for the Purposes of making the said Canal and Collateral Cut, enabled to raise amongst themselves the Sum of £ 130,000, with Power, if that Sum was not sufficient, to raise a further Sum, not exceeding £ upon the Credit of the said Navigation, Undertaking, and Premisses, and the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, arising, or to arise, by virtue of the said Act; and that the said Company have already raised and contributed amongst themselves the said Sum of £ 130,000, and have borrowed the further Sum of £, 60,000 oh the Credit of the said Navigation, and the Tolls, Rates, and Duties arising thereon, which hath been expended in carrying on the Works, and for other Purposes authorized by the said Act; and that, in order to complete the said Canal and Collateral Cut, and for securing and preserving the said Navigation, it will require a further Sum of Money: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Company of Proprietors, under their Common Seal, to borrow such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding £60,000, upon the Credit of the said Navigation and Undertaking, and the Rates, Tolls, and Duties arising thereon, m order to carry on and complete the same, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Loveden, Sir Edward Littleton, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are Swindon thereunto subscribed, residing or having Estates in Roads Peti-the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, tion‘ and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from Swindon, through Stratton, Highworth, and in the said County, to join the Turnpike Road between Fatringdon and Lechlade near Buscot,

in the Parish of Buscot, and from the Guide Post on Stratton Green, through Shrivenham, to the said Town of Fatringdon, are, in general, greatly out of Repair, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be properly amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that a Scheme is in Agitation for opening a new Road, in a different Direction, from Inglesham to the said Town of Lechlade, and building a Carriage Bridge over the River Isis, in the Line of the intended new Road, which would be a much shorter Line of Road than the present, and would be of great Benefit and Convenience to all Persons having Occasion to pass between the said Towns: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Roads before described, and for making such Diversion of the present Road from Inglesham to Lechlade, and building such Bridge as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Loveden,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill

31 Geo. III.

23° Febru.

219

Streets Bill committed.

Deretendand A Bill for cleansing, lighting and watching, and A Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of Petition Borde8,ey levelling the Surfaces of the Streets and other public Whitby was presented to the House, and read; Setting relating to Places, within the Hamlets of Deretend and Bordesley, forth, That by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstruc- second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King tions, and Encroachments, and regulating the Driving George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the of Carts and other Carriages used for carrying Goods, Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending,

Wares, and Merchandizes therein, was read a Second end preserving the Haven of Power was

Time. given to Trustees to settle and impose the several

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Rates and Duties therein mentioned on Ships, Vessels,

Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Call, &c.: And they and Crayers, coming to, going from, and passing by

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition of the Subscribers to the Bilston

Ramsgate, or coming into the Harbour there, which Rates and Duties were to be applied towards the enlarging, building, finishing, and maintaining Ramsgate Harbour, and for other Purposes; and that, in as much as many Ships, which by the said Act are

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Subscribers to an Underlie oiiawu for making a Navigable Canal from certain charged with the said Rates or Duties, cannot use or

ud Fazeley Coal Mines in the Liberty of Bilston, and other Places do derive any Advantage from the said Harbour, and Navigation, in the County of Stafford, to or near Birmingham, and that many Vessels, which by the said Act are exempted from thence to communicate with the Coventry Canal from the said Rates or Duties, do derive an Advantage at or near Fazeley, in the County of Stafford, was pre- by the Use of the said Harbour, and that the Monies sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That already invested in Public Securities, and the Mo-the Petitioners, and the rest of the Subscribers to the nies now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer, said Undertaking, did in Two successive Sessions of together with a reasonable Duty to be imposed on Parliament, in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Vessels actually using the said Harbour, or which can Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, apply for have the Use thereof, would be amply sufficient to Power to enable them to make the said Canal, and defray all the Expences in maintaining the said Har-several Persons subscribed, and engaged to pay Mooey bour in every Respect: Therefore praying, That the for carrying the Undertaking into Execution; and House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal, appre- grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall bending the making the intended Canal by the Peti- seem meet.

tioners would be injurious to their Interest, offered to Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the undertake to open a Navigable Communication be- Consideration of the Committee who are appointed to tween the said Coal Mines and the said Coventry Canal enquire into the Manner in which an Act, made in the at or near Fazeley, and accordingly an Act of Parlia- Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty ment was passed for enabling them so to do; and King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for en-that it appearing to the House, that the Petitioners had incurred a very considerable Expence in their several Applications to Parliament, it was thought reasonable that they should be reimbursed that Expence, and

therefore a Clause was inserted in the said Act for lay- what Sums of Money have been collected by virtue ing a Duty of One Penny per Ton upon all Coal and thereof, and to what Purposes such Money has been Coke which should pass through the First Lock that applied, should be erected upon the said Canal next to Farmers Bridge, to be applied in paying the Expences in- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Flames and Mr. The Lords

curred by the Petitioners as aforesaid, not exceeding Spranger: have passed

a certain Sum therein mentioned, together with Inte- Mr. Speaker,

rest for the Money they had expended, which was then The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to ParsIow’sDi-supposed to be sufficient to defray the Whole of the dissolve the Marriage of John Esquire, with vorce

Expences so incurred by the Petitioners; and that it Elizabeth Hall, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

larging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, " and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the " Haven of Sandwich," has been carried into Execution, what Rates and Duties have been imposed, and

And the said Bill was read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill read.

now appeal's, that the Expences of the said Applications amount to a larger Sum than is authorized to be raised for paying the same by the said Act, and the Petitioners find that the said Act is defective in the Powers necessary for enabling the said Subscribers to proceed legally in the Payment and Distribution of the Money, arising by the said Act, unto and amongst the

Persons entitled thereto, and giving proper Discharges A Petition of the Fishermen and Adventurers in the Petition from for the same, and in some other Respects: And there- Pilchard Fishery, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, the Adventu-fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a being offered to be presented to the House; Leys,in the

Bill for raising such further Sum of Money as shall be Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Fishery in sufficient for making up the whole Amount of the Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, Cornwall Expences incurred as aforesaid, with Interest for the having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe- Devon,

same, and for making effectual Provision for paying the tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the Mooey arising by the said Rate to the several Persons House.

entitled thereto, and giving Discharges for the Money Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; they receive on that Account, in such Manner as the Setting forth, That the Act for granting an additional House shall think proper. Bounty of Two Shillings per Hogshead (not exceeding

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 20,000 Hogsheads, but, if they exceeded that Num-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- ber, then the Sum of £. 2,000 to be equally divided) mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall on all Pilchards taken in any Season for Five Years appear to them, to the House: last past, is nearly expired; and that, for several Years

And it is referred to Sir George Augustus William preceding the last Year, the Petitioners have sus-Shuckburgh, Mr. Gilbet't, See.: And they are to meet tained many and very heavy Losses, from the great Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Failure of the said Fishery, and, from the Hopes Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for which they conceive by the very great Change in the Persons, Papers, and Records. Course of the Shoals of those Fish nearer the Shore the

Vol. 46. last

Petition for Encouragement to the Mackarel fishery.

East India Judicature re-committed Report.

list Season, they shall exert their utmost Endeavours in putting their decayed and almost ruined Fishing Craft (which will be attended with very considerable Expence) into good Repair, which will require very large Sums of Money to put the Craft again on the Footing it was before the many unfortunate Seasons of Fishing: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners a further Continuance of the said additional Bounty, which was a very seasonable Relief, and will again enable them to put the said Fishery on a firm, and, they hope, a lasting Establishment.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir William Lemon,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Fishermen, and Adventurers in the Fisheries, in the County of Cornwall, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Pilchard Fishery upon the Coast of the said County is that which the Petitioners and a great Number of other Persons have been brought up to, has, for many Years before the last, failed, insomuch that the Petitioners have sustained many and heavy Losses; and that such Failure has been ruinous to many concerned, and very severely felt by the Poor of every Description in the County, as those Fish are a necessary Part of their Food, the enhanced Value of which, from their Scarcity, have precluded them the purchasing, and, urged by Necessity, the Petitioners have attempted in the most inclement Seasons to go and fish for Mackarel, and have found great Quantities of those Fish much earlier in the Spring and later in the Fall of the Year than heretofore, which have in some Degree alleviated their Distress; and that this new Mode now opens itself of extending the said Fishery, and of employing the Petitioners and others concerned in the Trade, from the Circumstances of such Quantities of Mackarel. coming on the Coast; and that the Mackarel and Pilchard Fisheries, by being carried on at different Seasons of the Year, will not interfere with each other, so that the same, and an additional Number of . Hands, will be employed, and to much more Advantage than have been hitherto, provided that Encouragement be extended to the Mackarel Fishery as the Petitioners hope Parliament will be induced to do upon the Petitioners Case being made known unto them: And therefore praying the House to take the ‘Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioners such Relief as to the House snail seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the'Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gregor, Sir William mon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom it was

referred to examine the several Lists which had been delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Inches, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; That the Committee had further examined the said Lists, and had directed him to report to the House the Names of every Member whose Name appeared in Twenty or more of the said Lists: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House was moved, That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the Names of such Persons who should appear to hold,' or to have held, any of the Offices or Employments therein specified, should be struck out of the said Report by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz. Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Grenville, Sir William Scott, Knight, Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, Sir George Allanson Winn, Baronet, Andrew Stuart, Esquire, Charles Small Esquire, James

Adams, Esquire, the Lord North, the Right honourable Thomas Orde, Richard Slater Milnes, Esquire, William Baker, Esquire, Sir Adam Fergusson, Baronet, John Smyth, Esquire, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Sir William Young, Baronet, Henry Thornton, Esquire, Samuel Thornton, Esquire, Edward Phelips, Esquire, Henry Dun-combe, Esquire, Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, Sir George Comewall, Baronet, John Sargent, Junior, Esquire, the Honourable John Eliot, William Weddell, Esquire, John Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Charles Yorke, Esquire, Sir George Beaumont, Baronet, Charles -pont, Esquire, Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, Robert Smith, Esquire, Thomas Bemey Bramston, Esquire, William Pulteney, Esquire, Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet,

Brook Watson, Esquire, Henry Bankes, Esquire, William Grant, Esquire, Robert Barclay, Esquire, John Esquire, Lewis Alexander Grant, Esquire, the Right honourable William Windham, Richard Esquire,

William Hussey, Esquire, Bame Barne, Esquire, John Mitford, Esquire, Francis Burton, Esquire.

And Notice being taken that Sir William Scott, Knight, one of the Persons named in the said Report, holds the Office of His Majesty’s Advocate General; and that John Mitford, Esquire, one other of the Persons named in the said Report, holds the Office of one of His Majesty’s Counsel, learned in the Law; and that Francis Burton, Esquire, one other of the Persons named in the said Report, holds the Office of One of His Majesty’s Counsel, learned in the Law, with Salaries to the said Offices respectively annexed, and that therefore the said Membters were severally included within one of the Exceptions contained in the said Act;

The Names of the said Sir William Scott, Knight, John Mitford and Francis Burton, Esquires, were struck out of the said Report.

And Notice being also taken, that the Seat in Parliament of Bame Bame, Esquire, one other of the Persons named in the said Report, was become vacant by his Acceptance of the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham;

The Name of the said Bame Bame, Esquire, was likewise struck out of the said Report.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Manufacturers in the City of Worcester and Town of Birmingham, and in the Counties of

Worcester

Birmingham and Worcester Canal Petition reported.

Edinburgh Gaols Petition.

Letters from the Governor in Council at Itladras ordered.

Bill to provide fur the Custody and Employment of Offenders deferred*

31 Geo. III. 23° Mruarii.

221

Worcester and Warwick, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred'; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is ax followed); viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And that Mr. Lygon, Sir Robert Lawle Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Wigand Mr. Jervoise, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community thereof, and of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the County of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it is necessary to build a new Prison widiin or adjacent to the City of Edinburgh, for confining Criminals, and also a Prison for Debtors and Persons guilty of Petty Offences, and it bas also become absolutely necessary to build a Bridewell, or House of Correction, within or adjacent to the said City, for the Punishment of idle, refractory, and profligate Persons within the said City and County; and that a considerable Sum of Money will be necessary to be raised by Assessments for erecting those Buildings, as well as for a proper Establishment, and keeping them in Repair, after they are built, and, in so far as concerns the said House of Correction, or Bridewell, and appointing Persons to be confined there, it will be necessary to give additional Powers to the Magistrates, Sheriff, and Justices of the Peace, within the said City and County: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Dundas, Lord Frederick Campbell, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

in certain Cases, and for the Regulation of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Fortnight, the 9th Day of March next

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do make the Bill to amend Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Act respect, whom the Bill for altering and amending so much of todrn an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His East Indies, Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for removing reported.

" any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India to direct that the " Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining " such Troops as may be judged necessary for the " Security of the British Territories and Possessions " in The East Indies, should be defrayed out of the " Revenues arising from the said Territories and " Possessions; and for limiting the Application of the " said Revenues, in the Manner therein mentioned," as relates to such Directions as shall be given or approved by the said Commissioners, with respect to the Payment of certain Proportions of His Majesty’s Forces in India, and of the European Forces of the East India Company, therein specified, was committed.

Mr. Henry Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply d*. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means de-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for fcrred* raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copy of a Letter from the Governor in Council at Madras to the Governor General and Council, dated 5th August 1789; Extract of Letter from Governor Hollond to the Governor General, dated 16th August', and, Copy of Letters from the Governor in Council at Madras, to the Governor General and Council, dated 13th and 19th October 1789.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the wrhole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders Voi^ 46. 3 L

24° — 25 0 Februarii. 1791.

Jovis, 24® die Februarii Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 1791.

Praters.

Stirling Elec- v I "*HE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration ^>u Petitions J_ the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of deferred. Stirling, thereunto subscribing; and also, the Petition

of Sir Alexander Camof Ardkinlass, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Stirling, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to gp with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Th^ House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Ninety-one Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, and adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker,

' till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 25° die Februarii;

Anno 31* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1791.

Praters.

Stirling Elec- fV ’’HE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration tion Petitions X the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of coosidertd. Stirling, thereunto subscribing; and also, the Petition of Sir Alexander Campbell, of Ardkinlass, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Stirling, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require foe Attendance of foe Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Poole Elec- Mr. Dickins, from foe Select Committee, who were tion deter- appointed to try and determine the Merits of the

mined. Petition of Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, and Robert

Kingsmill, Esquire; and also, the Petition of foe Honourable George Gordon, commonly called Lord Haddo, and the Honourable Basil William Douglas, commonly called Lord Daer; and also, foe Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Householders, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves and others, in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders within foe said Borough and Town of Poole; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Town and County of foe Town of Poole, and entitled to vote in the Election of Burgesses to serve

in Parliament for the said ToVvn and County, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and County of foe Town of Poole, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That the Merits of the Petitions did in Part depend upon foe Right of Election; foe Parties were therefore required to deliver in Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended.

That, in consequence thereof, the Petitioners, Lord Haddo and Lord Daer, delivered in a Statement as follows:

" The Inhabitants Householders within the Borough " and County of the Town of Poole, paying Scotland " bearing Lot, are, as such, Part of the Corporate " Body of the said Borough, and are legal Voters for " the Two Members to serve in Parliament for the " same."

That the Petitioners, Michael Angelo Taylor and Robert Kingsmill, Esquires, delivered in a Statement as follows:

" The Right of Election for Members to serve in " Parliament for the Town and County of Poole is in the Mayor and Burgesses only."

That the Sitting Members, Benjamin Lester, Esquire, and the Honourable Charles Stuart, delivered in a Statement as follows:

" The Sitting Members contend that the Right of " Election for Members to serve in Parliament for " the Town and County of Poole is in the Mayor and " Burgesses only."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Petitioners, Lord Haddo and Lord Daer, the said Select Committee have determined,

"That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Town and County of Poole.

That, upon foe Statements delivered in by Michael Angelo Taylor and Robert Kingsmill, Esquires, and the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and County of Poole is in the Mayor and Burgesses only.

That the said Select Committee have also determined,

That the said Petition of Lord Haddo and Lord Daer did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Petition of the Inhabitants did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of Benjamin Lester, Esquire, and the Honourable Charles Stuart, to the said Two last mentioned Petitions did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Benjamin Lester, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of Poole:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Charles Stuart is not duly returned a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of Poole:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, one of the

Petitioners,

Poole Return to be amend-«d-

Proceedings on Stirling Klection Petitions.

31 Geo. III. 55° Febru 223

Petitioners, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of Poole:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of Poole:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Petition of Michael Angelo Taylor and Robert KingsmiU, Esquires, did not appear to the said

Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Petition of the Burgesses did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious: ,

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of Benjamin Lester, Esquire, to the said last mentioned several Petitions did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the Honourable Charles Stuart to the same Petitions did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, with the last Return for the Town and County of the Tow n of Poole, and amend the same, by rasing out the Name of the Honourable Charles Stuart, and inserting the Name of Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, instead thereof.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Thirty-nine Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Stirling, into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box, before prepared, put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, that it would be attended with material Interruption to Public Business; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk in Manner before mentioned, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon, Mr. Speaker putting the Question to the House, that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (in respect of what he has now alledged and verified) be excused from serving on the said Committee; which being agreed to by the House, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Tw'enty-five Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Charles James Fox being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And foe Name of Sir Adam Fergusson, Baronet, be-Vol. 46.

ing drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Sixty other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Eight on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Eighteen against whose Election Petitions were depending;

Eighteen as then serving on Select Committees;

Fifteen on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees; and One on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament, not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according Homan's to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Henry Heyman the Nat Bill pre-Younger: And the same was received; and read the ®ented*

First Time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are siiipton, &c. thereunto subscribe^, on Behalf of themselves and IoclosurePe-others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds btion. in the Parishes of Shipion Solters and Shipton Olliffe, and some Pieces of Land which extend into the Parishes of Whittington, Dowdeswell, JVithington, and -

Abdale, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, certain Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, cannot be conveniently occupied, and are inca|>able of any considerable Improvement, but might be rendered of much more Value if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That

Leave may be given . to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Master do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Frederick Koitlian, Koithan's was read foe Third Time. , Nat. Bill

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title passed, be, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Koithan.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to foe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al- Cardigan tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in Roads Bill the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for repairing P^^-several Roads in the County of Cardigan, and for repairing other Roads in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads in the County of Cardigan, and for repairing other Roads in the said County.

Ordered, That the Earl of Lisburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the ancient Customary Freehold Te- Dartmoore

nants of the Forest of Dartmoore, whose Names are Forest Inelo-

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and sure, &c.

’ r ’ j Petition.

read;

224 25° Februarii. A. 1791.

read; Setting forth, That the Forest of Dartmoore, within the Manor of and Parcel of the

Dutchy of Cornwall, is a large Tract of Waste Land, containing many Thousand Acres, the Whole of which, except the ancient Customary Tenements, and the Newtakes granted in respect thereof, is open and uninclosed, yielding very little Profit, and in a great Degree destitute of Inhabitants, and a very considerable Part of it consists of Boggy Land, and barren Rocks; and that it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Public, if the same were inclosed, drained, and such Parts thereof as are capable of being improved brought into a State of Cultivation; and that a great Part of the said Forest is many Miles distant from any Parish Church: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given' to bring in a Bill for making and erecting Part of the said Forest into a new Parish, and to vest the Advowson thereof in His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Heirs and Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, as Part of the said Dutchy, and to appoint Commissioners to receive all Claims made by any Persons who have any Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, in, to, or from, such Parts of the said Forest as have not been already granted by the Lords of the said Manor of Lidford, and to ascertain and settle the same, to lay out such Public and Private Roads as they may think necessary and convenient, to separate and allot such Parts thereof as they may think necessary and fit to be sold for the Purpose of paying the Ex peaces of the Act, and making the said Public Roads, and building a Church and Parsonage House, and to sell the same accordingly, and then to allot a competent Part of the said Forest to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Heirs and Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, as Part of the said Dutchy, in lieu of His Rights of and in the said ancient Customary Tenements and Newtakes, and the Quit or Conventionary Rents payable out of the same, and thereby to enfranchise the said Customary Tenements and Newtakes, and to allot Forty Acres of the said Forest as a Glebe, and also to allot other competent Parts thereof to the respective Persons who have any Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, in, to, or from, such Parts of the said Forest in lieu thereof, and to provide that the Residue of the said Parts of the said Forest shall be vested in His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Heirs and Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, as Part of the said Dutchy, free and exempt from all Rights, Chums, or Interests, of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, and also to enable His said Royal Highness, His Heirs and Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, to lease such Parts as shall be so allotted to Him for Three Lives absolutely, or for such Term of Years as to the Legislature shall seem reasonable, reserving the best Annual Rents which can be gotten, and not taking any Fine for the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Lemon, Mr. Buller Yards, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

i;

Chichester a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

tition8 thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Messuages, Buildings, and Lands, within the Walls of the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, Courts, and Public Passages, within the Walls of the said City, are in general in a ruinous Condition,

very ill paved, repaired, and cleansed, and are greatly obstructed by various Encroachments and Annoyances; and that the regular and effectual paving the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, and Public Passages, and removing and preventing in future all Projections, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, will tend greatly to the Health, Safety, end Advantage, as well of the Inhabitants of the said City, as of all others resorting thereto; and that the Powers given to the Mayor of the said City, by an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for the paving of the City of " Chester," and the general Laws now in force for the Amendment and Preservation of the Highways are found to be inadequate to the aforesaid Purposes:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act of Queen Elizabeth, and for the better paving and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways and Passages, within the Walls of the said City, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoy--ances therein, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sargent, Mr. George White Thomas, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of James Turner, of the City of - Mr. Turner'* minster, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and Petition, read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, having invented a Method of producing a Yellow Colour for painting in Oil or Water, making White Lead, and of separating the Mineral Alkali from Common Salt, all to be performed in One Process, His Majesty was graciously pleased, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 26th Day of February 1781, to grant to the Petitioner the exclusive Right and Property in his said Invention for the Term of Fourteen Years; and that the Petitioner hath, pursuant to a Proviso in the said Letters Patent, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, described and ascertained the Nature of his said Invention, and in what Manner the same was to be performed, and hath caused the same to be inrolled in His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery; and that the Yellow heretofore used in this Country for painting Coaches, and for various other Purposes, was imported from Abroad, but the Mineral Yellow invented by the Petitioner is now brought to such Perfection, and is so eminently superior in Beauty of Colour, Durability, and other Properties, as well as less expensive, than the Foreign Yellow, that it now begins to supersede the Necessity of importing that Article, and will soon become an Object of Importance to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, and, by the great Consumption of Salt necessarily used in preparing the Petitioners Mineral Yellow, it will afford, in Time, a considerable Increase to the Public Revenue, but, from various Causes, the Petitioner has hitherto received very little Advantage from his Invention: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of his said Invention throughout His Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, for such limited Time as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do 12 examine

Haverfordwest and Fishguard Roads Bill committed.

Pembroke and Carmar then Roads Bill committed.

Butterton Moor End Roads Bill committed.

Bucknell

Inclosure

Petition.

31 Geo. III. 25° Februarii.225

examine the Matter , thereof; and report the same, as it Wood Lands, Common Fields, Commons, and Waste shall appear to them, to the House: Grounds, by such Ways and Means, and subject to such

And it is referred to Sir James Murray, Mr. Pul- Regulations, as the House shall think proper. teney, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Mom- Ordered, 'f'hat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant ing next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. , ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, aind , Mr. Daniel Parker , and Mr. , do prepare.

Records. and bring in, the same.

A Bill for amending, widening, and . keeping in A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Lowther Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Haver- thereunto written,' being Owners and Proprietors of Inclosure fordwest, through the Towji of Fishguard, to the Town divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the *>et‘"on* of Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and also from Parish of in the County of the Town of Fishguard, towards the City of Saint was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

David’s, so far as a certain Place called Jordanston That there are, within the said Parish, Tracts of Water, in the said County of Pembroke, was read a Commons or Waste Grounds, and Commonable

Second Time. Lands, wherein , the Petitioners and others have

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bar- Rights of Common; and that the said Commons,

'law, the Lord Milford, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in their Afternoon,. at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s present State, are capable of being improved, and Chamber. if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, it

would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in several other Persons having Rights thereon: And Repair, the Roads, leading from Robeston JVi athanto therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

Saint Clears, and from Narberth, by Cnwcce yr Cwn, in a Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the

to Fishguard, and from Egermont Bridge to the Little said Commons, Waste G founds, and Commonable

Mill, and from Ludchurch to Glandybank, and from Lands, to and amongst the Petitioners, and the sb-Whitley Lane to Narberth, and Blether, on Llan- veral other Persons entitled to Right of Common dewy Hill to the End of the Lane leading to Llwyn- therein, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem garreg House, and from Tavernspite to Llechelawdd, and meet.

-from Mud Lake to the Top of Bronscaxoen Hill, in the . Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Counties of Pembroke, and Carmarthen, was read a pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Second Time. Mr. Lowther and Sir Fleming do prepare,

Resolved,- That the Bill be committed to Mr.-Btfr- and bring in, the same. low, the Lord Milford, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Askham Chamber. thereunder written, being Owners and Proprietors of

divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Parish of Askham, in the County of Westmoreland, was larging the Powers, of.an Act, passed in the Tenth Year presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That of the Reign of His present Majesty, fof repairing, wi- there are, within the said Parish, Tracts of Commons dening, turning, and altering the Roads from Butterton or Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, where-Moor End, near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to in the Petitioners and others have Rights of Com-the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading mon; and that the said Commons, Waste Grounds, from Buxton to Ash borne,in the County of Derby, and and Commonable Lands, in their present State, are from Bladkton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to capable of being improved, and if the same were di-the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, vided, allotted, and inclosed, it would be ad van-near Newhaven, in the County of Derby, and from War-tageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Per-

slowto Ecton Mine,in the County of Stafford,was read sons having Rights thereon: And therefore praying, a Second Time. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for allotting.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, dividing, and inclosing the said Commons, Waste Mr. Barlow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Grounds, and Commonable Lands, to and amongst the at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Petitioners, and the several other Persons entitled to

Right of Common therein., in such Manner as to the A Petition of Samuel Phipps, Esquire, Lord of the House shall seem meet Manor of Bucknell, in the County of Salop, w as pre- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. there are, within the said Manor, certain Woods and Lowther and Sir Michael le Fleming do prepare, and

Wood Lands, the Property of the Petitioner, in bring in, the same,

which the Owners and Proprietors of certain ancient

Messuages or Tenements, within the said Manor, are A Petition of several of the Commissioners and Ellenfoot

entitled to a Right of Estovers; and there are also, Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts, Harbour

within the said Manor, certain Common Fields, the passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years Petition*

Property of the Petitioner and others, and certain of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Open Commons and Waste Grounds, the Property of Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the

the Petitioner, subject to a Right of Common in Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland,

the Owners and Proprietors of certain Hereditaments whose Names are thereunto subscribed,' was presented

and Tenements within the said Manor, which said to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the

Woods, Wood Lands, Common Fields, Commons, Commissioners and Trustees appointed by the said

and Waste Grounds, in their present State, are not Acts have made a considerable Progress in repairing,

capable of any considerable Improvement, but if the enlarging, and preserving the said Harbour, and have

same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made to borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, on the Cre-

the Petitioner, and to the other Persons interested dit of the Rates and Duties upon Coals and Shipping

therein, to be held in Severalty, it would be a great by the said Acts granted, which Money, together with

Improvement to their Estates; And therefore praying,. the Rates and Duties collected by virtue of the said

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Acts, have been duly applied, according to the Di-

dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Woods, rections thereof, and the said Harbour is- now be-

Vol. 46. 3M come

CarlisleRoad

Petition,

Petition for additional Provision to Kingston and Sheetbridge Road Bill.

W& 25* Ftbruarii. A. 1791.

come a Piece of great Resort for Stopping ud Trade, made n the said Bill for dncmaaulg the said Tolls: And and a considerable Town has been limit on the Sides Of therefore praying, That IVovision may be made in the the said Harbour, which Town, together with the said said Bli, for making such Increase in the said Tails as;

Harbour, are now coiled and known by tire Name of shal be necessary for keeping the said Read in good Mary Port, and the said Harbour or Port is still capable and sufficient Repair, and to pay the Interest of the of further Improvement; and that the Term for which Money borrowed and due as aforesaid.

the said Rates and Duties were granted is near expiring, OrdThat the said Petition be referred to the

and the Monies now due and owing cannot be repaid, Consideration of a Committee; And that they do exa-

nor the said Harbour be maintained and preserved, un- mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall

less the Term granted by the said Acts be further appear to them, to the House:

continued, and some other and further Powers given And it is referred to Mr.

to the said Commissioners and Trustees for that Pur- Mr. See.: And they are to meet upon Monday

pose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be looming next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Powers of the said Acts, by such Ways and and Records.

Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall

seem meet A Petition of Mm Morgan, the Lord of the Manor Penge iocio-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of Penge, in the County of Surrey, and the principal »«re Petition. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- Proprietor of Lands within the Bara Manor and Ham-amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it let of Penge, on Behalf of himself, and others, Proprie-shall appear to them, to the House: tors of Land within the said Hamlet, was presented to

And it is referred to Mr. Lowtfter, Mr. Garforth, the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is,

See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning within the said Manor and Hamlet, a certain Common next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; or Waste Land, called Penge Common, which in its and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and present State is of little Value to the Persons entitled Records. to the Use thereof, but if the same was divided and inclosed it would be very advantageous to the several

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, or Oc- That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing cupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredi- and inclosing the said Common, in such Manner, and laments, adjoining to or near to the Highway or Road under such Regulations> as to the House shall seem leading from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cum- meet berland, to Sark Bridge and Scotch Dyke, adjoining or Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, near to the Shire of Dumfries, in that Part of Great pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Britain called Scotland, was presented to the House, Mr. Clement Finch and Lord William Russell

and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from do prepare, and bring in, the same,

the said City of Carlisle through the Parish of Stanwix, '

the Hamlet* of Kingmoor, and the several Parishes of Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Time for re-Rockcliff, Kirklinton, Arthuret, and Kirkandrews upon private Bills be enlarged until Monday next ceding Peti-

Esk, to Sark Bridge, and the Scotch Dyke, is so ruinous |l0"*fn~

and bad, especially in the Winter Season, that Travellers Ordered, That there be laid before tins House, Copy from

and Passengers cannot pass without great Difficulty of Letters from Captain Bannerman to the Governor in Capt^Ra

and Danger, and the same cannot be effectually Council at Madras, dated 12th and 14th May 1789; nerman; and amended, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary also Copies, or Extracts, of such Parts of the Corre- Correspon-Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave spondence between Mr. Poumey, Resident at -

may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, re- core, and the Governments of Bengal and Madras, from sultan, pairing, widening, diverting, and altering the Road the 14th of May to the 30th of December 1789, as re* ordered, from the said City of Carlisle to Sark Bridge and Scotch late to the Purchase of the Forts of and

Dyke aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall Jaycottah from the Dutch, and to the hostile Intentions seem meet. of Ttppoo Sultan.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- of Letters from the Resident at Traoancore to the Go-amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it vemor in ’ Council at Madras, dated the 17th and the shall appear to them, to the House: 28th of February 1790.

And it is referred to Mr. Lowther, Mr. Garforth> &c.: Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at of the Correspondence between Tippoo Sultan and the Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Government of Madras, subsequent to those already have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Re- laid before the House, cords.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Ditto.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for the Care of the Directors of the East India Company, attended at and Treaties the Road leading from Kingston upon Thames, in the the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near to the House, pursuant to their Orders, anJJ Le -as

Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, was present- N* I. Copy of Letters from Captain Bannerman to Nizam, ed to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill the Government of Madt'as, dated 12th and 14th 3fay presented, is depending for enlarging the Term and Powers of 1789; and also of such Parts of the Correspondence lie-certain Acts of Parliament, therein mentioned, for tween Mr. Powney, Resident at Traoancore, and the Go-amending and keeping the said Road* in Repair; and vemments of and Madras, from the 14th May

Representing to the House, That the Produce of the to the 30th December 1789, as relate to the Purchase of Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road the Forts of Cranganore and Jaycottah from the Dutch, by virtue of the said Acts is insufficient to keep the and to the hostite Intentions of Tippoo Sultan: And Road in good Repair, and to pay the Interest of the also,

Money borrowed and due upon the Credit of the said N° 2. Copy of Letters from the Resident at Tra-Tolk, and to defray the several other Expences attend- wutcore to the Governor in Council at Madras, dated iBg the Execution of the said Act, and no Provision is 17th and 28th February 1790: And also,

5 . N* 3.

Stirling

Election

Committee

appointed.

Land Ta* Commissioners Bill deferred.

King's Message respecting Quebec.

31 Geo. III. ' Q5°FebVuariL 227

N° 3. Copy of the Correspondence between Tippott Sultan and the Government of subsequent to

those already laid before the House: Add blto,

N° 4. Copy of Letters from the Governor in Council at Madras to the Governor General and Council, dated gth August*, and 13th and 19th October 1789; and Extract of a Letter from Governor Holland to foe Governor General, dated 16th August 1789: And also,

N° 5. Copy of the Treaties lately concluded between the East Irma Company and the and be-

tween the East India Company and the Niaam.

Togetiier with a List of the Said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

Ami the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a N umber of Copies of the Said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Said Papers are preserved amongst foe other Papers of this Session.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, Which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of the Right honourable' Ckarles James Fox and Sir Adam Fergttsson, Baronet, being added, the Same was called over; and is as follows:

Thomas Wyndham, Esquire, Clement Tuxhvay, Esquire, Sir Martin Bresvne Folkes, Baronet, Joshua Smith, Esquire, Charles Raktsford, Esquire,

Esquire, Sir JaiHes Murray, Baronet, Sir Eduard, Knatchbull, Baronet, Lieutenant Colonel George Nugent, Alan Gardner, Esquire, Richard Bentpte Johnstone, Esquire, Samuel Long, Esquire, Thomas Anson, Esquire, foe Right honourable Charles James Fox, Sir Adam gusson, Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Stirling the reunto subscribing; and also, of the Petition of Sir Atexander Campbell, of Ardkinlass, Baronet, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the Said Select Committee do meet forth-with, in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hobsfe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, " by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for foe " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-one;"

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of foe Exchequer acquainted the House, That he hod a Massage from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all foe Members of foe House being uncovered) and is as followeth; vix.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that it appears to His Majesty, that it would be for the Benefit of His Majesty’s Subjects in His Province of Quebec, that the same should

Voi» 46.

be divided into Two separate Provinces, to be called the Province of Upper Canada, and the Proviuce of Lower Canada; and that it is accordingly His Majesty’s Intention so to divide foe same, whenever His Majesty shall be enabled by Act of Parliament to establish foe necessary Regulations for foe Government of the said Provinces. His Majesty therefore recommends this Object to foe Consideration of this House.

His Majesty also recommends it to this House, to consider of such Provisions as may be necessary to enable His Majesty to make a permanent Appropriation of Lands in the said Provinces, for the Support and Maintenance of a Protestant Clergy within foe same, in Proportion to such Lands as have been already granted within foe same by His Majesty; and it is His Majesty’s Desire, that such Provision may be made, with respect to all future Grants of Land within foe said Provinces respectively, as may best conduce to the same Object, in Proportion to such Increase as may happen in the Population and Cultivation of the said Provinces; and for this Purpose His Majesty consents, that such Provisions or Regulations may be made by this House, respecting all foture Grants of Land to be made by His Majesty within the said Provinces, as this House shall think fit. q

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said moist Gracious Message be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Papers reUt-House, by His Majesty’s Command, ,ng 10 Q"ebee

N° 1. Copy of the Articles of Capitulation of Quebec, presen e dated 18th September 1759: And also,

N° 2. Translation of Ditto: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Fourth Article of the Definitive Treaty concluded at Paris, foe 10th of February 1763:

And also,

N°4. Copy of His Majesty’s Proclamation, dated 7th October 1763: And also,

N#5. Copy, of His Majesty’s Instructions to James Murray, Esquire, Governor of the Province of Quebec, dated 7th December 1763: And also,

N®6. Copy of His Majesty’s Instructions to Guy Carleton, Esquire, Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over foe Province of Quebec, in America, and of all the Territories dependent thereupon, dated Saint James's, 3d January 1775: And also,

N° 7. Copy of His Majesty’s Instructions to Frederick Haldimand, Esquire, Governor General of Quebec, dated 15th April 1778 (so far as they are not contained in the above to Guy Carleton, Esquire): And also,

N° 8. Copy of His Majesty’s Instructions to Lord Dorchester, dated 23d August 1786 (so far as they are not contained in either of foe above): And also,

N° 9. Copie de la trfcs humble Addresse des Ci-toyens et Habhans Catholique Romaics de differents Etats dans le Province de Quebec, en Canada, 1784:

And also,

N° 10. Translation of Ditto: And also,

N° 11. Copy of foe Petition of the ancient and new Subjects of Canada, dated 24th November 1784: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Paper, intituled, "Objections aux " Demandes faites k notre Auguste Soverain, &c." dated 30th November 1784: And also,

N° 13. Translation of Ditto: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Petition of Sir John Johnson, Baronet, and others, in Behalf of the Loyalists settled In Canada, dated nth April 1785: And also,

N®i5. Copie da Mdmoire des Avocats etNotaires de la Province de Quebec, dated 16th June 1785:

And also,

N° 16. Translation of Ditto: And also,

N° 17. Extracts of foe Address of foe Inhabitants at

and

Googh

228 25° Februarii. 1791,

and above Cataraqui, to Lord Dorchester, dated 17th November 1786: And also,

N° 18. Copy of Petition of Inhabitants from Point au Baudet on Lake Saint Francis Westward as far as Niagara, dated 15th April 1787: And also,

N° 19. Copy of Petition from the to the King, dated Montreal, 13th October 1788: And also, N° 20. Translation of Ditto: And also,

N® 21. Copy of Petition from the Canadians to Lord Dorchester, dated Montreal, 13th October 1788: And also,

N® 22. Translation of Ditto: And also,

N® 23. Copy of the Memorial and Petition of Merchants and others of the Cities of Quebec and Montreal, dated 1st and 5th December 1788: And also,

N® 24. M^ra'oire et Requite des Citoyens et Mar-chands de Montreal, dated 4th December 1788: And also,

N*25. Translation of Ditto: And also,

N® 26. Memoire et Petition & S. E. Lord Dorchester au Soutien de la tres humble Addresse des Citoyens et Habitans Sujets Canadians des differens Etats dans la Province de Quebec et Canada k Sa Majesty du 13® Ocf‘ dernier, et pour servir de Reponse et Refutation au Memoire et Requite des Marchands et d’autres, tant pour eux que pour leurs Constituants, du 1* et 5* De<f' suivants (1788): And also;

N® 27. Translation of Ditto: And also,

N® 28. Copy of the Memorial of new Subjects of Quebec, dated 31st December 1788: And also,

N® 29. Translation of Ditto: And also,

N®30. Copy of the Memorial and Petition of the Subscribers, Merchants, &c. of Quebec and Montreal, dated 29th October and 2d November 1789: And also, N® 31. Translation of Ditto: And also,

N" 32. Copy of an Ordinance for regulating and establishing the Courts of Judicature, &c. in Quebec, dated 17th September 1764: And also,

N® 33. Copy of an Ordinance to alter and amend an Ordinance of the Governor and Council of Quebec, passed 17th September 1764: And also,

N* 34. Copy of an Ordinance, in Addition to an Ordinance of the Governor and Council of Quebec, dated 17th September 1764: And also,

N° 35. Copy of an Ordinance for ratifying and confirming the Decrees of the several Courts of Justice established in the Districts of Quebec, Montreal, and Trois Rivieres, &c. dated 20th September 1764: And also,

N® 36. Copy of an Ordinance for amending and explaining the Ordinance of 20th September 1764, dated 12th November 1764: And also,

N® 37. Copy of an Ordinance for the more effectual Administration of Justice, &c. dated 1st February 1770: And also,

N° 38. Copy of an Ordinance to regulate the Proceedings in the Courts of Civil Judicature in the Province of Quebec, dated 25th February 1777: And also,

N® 39. Copy of an Ordinance for establishing Courts of Civil Judicature in the Province of Quebec, dated 25th February 1777: And also,

N* 40. Copy of an Ordinance for establishing Courts of Criminal Jurisdiction in the Province of Quebec, dated 4th March 1777: -And also,

N* 41. Copy of an Ordinance for further continuing the Ordinance for regulating the Proceedings of the Courts of Civil Judicature, dated 5th February 1783: And also,

N® 42. Copy of an Ordinance to regulate the Proceedings in the Courts of Civil Judicature, and to establish Trials by Juries, in Actions of a Commercial Nature, and Personal Wrongs to be compensated in Damages, passed the 21st of April 1785: And also,

N* 43. Copy of an Ordinance to continue in Force, for a limited Time, an Ordinance, made in the Twenty-

fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An " Ordinance to regulate the Proceedings' in the Courts " of Civil Judicature, &c. &c. &c." with such additional Regulations as are expedient and necessary, passed the 30th of April 1787: And also,

N*44. Copy of an Ordinance to explain, and amend an Ordinance for establishing Courts of Criminal Jurisdiction in the Province of Quebec, 30th April 1787:

And also,

N® 45.' Copy of an Ordinance to continue the Ordinances regulating the Practice of the Laws, &c.

30th April 1789: And also,

N® 46. Description of the intended Boundary Line between the Provinces of Upper Canada and Lower Canada.

Together with a List of the said Papefs.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of East India England, trading to The East Indies, was presented to Company's the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, eUtion‘ made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the " East India Company to raise Money by a Sale of " Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock," the said Company were authorized and empowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as they should find to be most for the Advantage-of the said United Company, to borrow and take in by Subscription or otherwise, from any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who should be willing to advance the same, any Sum or Sums of Money by the Sale or Mortgage of a Fund attended with an Annuity, at the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, not exceeding in the Whole the Annual Sum of £.36,226. i6j. being an Annuity due to the said United Company from the Public, in Consideration of £.1,207,559. 15 s.Part of the Sum of £. 4,200,000. in the said Act mentioned, which said Sale should and might be made at such Price or Prices as the Court of Directors of the said Company, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, should think fit, and that, from and after the Time of such Sale, the said Annuities should be paid and transferred in like Manner, and the Proprietors and Holders should, in all Respects, hold their respective Shares of the said Fund to be purchased as aforesaid, in like Manner, and upon the same Terms, as the then respective present Proprietors then held and enjoyed the respective Sums belonging to them, in the Annuity Fund of £. 2,992,440. in the said Act mentioned, and that the said Annuities, to be sold as aforesaid, should be consolidated with the said Fund of £.2,992,440. 5 s.and that the said Debt of £.4,200,000, due from the Public to the said Company, and the Annuities payable in respect thereof, . should be a collateral Security to the Proprietors and Holders of the said Annuities so to be sold or mort- ' gaged as aforesaid, in the same Manner as for the said Sum of £.2,992,440. 5 s.theretofore sold, as in the said Act is mentioned, but subject nevertheless to such and the like Proviso or Condition of Redemption by the said Company as the said Sum of £. 4,200,000, due to the said Company by the Public, was, or should be, subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have, in pursuance of the said Act, at different Times borrowed from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on

The Lords have agreed to

Foreman’s Nat. Bill.

Martinius and La Fontaine's Nat. Bill.

Krohn’s Nat. Bill, with an Amendment.

Account of Interest on Exchequer Bills presented.

Account of Produce paid into the Exchequer of Duties of Customs presented.

Mutiny Bill

deferred.

31 Geo. Ill* 25° Februarii. 229

the Security of the said Annuities, Sums to the Amount of £. 700,000, whereof Sums to the Amount 0^.699,900 have since been repaid to the said Governor and Company; and that it will be necessary that the Petitioners should from Time to Time exercise the Powers of the said Act, as their Occasions may require, but Doubts have been made, whether the Governor and Company of the Bank of England would be duly authorized again to advance Money by virtue of the Authority of the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for removing any Doubts respecting the Sale or Mortgage of the said Annuities, and to authorize them to sell or mortgage the same, as their Occasions may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Luke Foreman, Esquire; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Albert Martinius and James La Fontaine; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Krohn; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Cooke, from the Exchequer Bill Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Expences incurred for Interest on Exchequer Bills, in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Duties of Customs, from the 6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791, both inclusive, distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce of every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to 1,000, or more.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion,

Vo l. 46.

and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the several Orders made upon the 8th and 21st Days of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Monday next, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Member to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Friday, the 8th Day of next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum;

Notice w as again inserted in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Names of such Proprietors of the Public Funds, transferable at the Bank of England and South Sea House, as were entitled to Dividends on or before the Thirty-first of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and which now remain unpaid, stating the Number of Dividends due to each Proprietor, and the Dates when the First Dividends respectively became payable, together with such Descriptions of the said Persons as may be entered in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the South Sea Company;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word "Eighty" the Word " Five."

And the Question being put, That the Word " Five" be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 44-

f Mr. Alderman Wat A

Tellers for the Noes, son, > 126.

[Mr. Robert Smith: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Names of such Proprietors of the Public Funds, transferrable at the Bank of England and South Sea House, as were entitled to Dividends on or before the 31st of December 1780, and which now remain unpaid, stating the Number of Dividends due to each Proprietor, and the Dates when the First Dividends respectively became payable, together with such Descriptions of the said Persons as may be entered in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the South Sea Company.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for applying to the Public Service the Sum of £. 500,000, out of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England from Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends, on Account of the National Debt, and for securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Lord Bauham,the Lord Mr.

3 N Attorney

Westminster Petitions respecting the Right of Election deferred.

List of Pro* prietors of . unpaid Dividends in the Public Funds ordered.

Bank Dividends Bill ordered*

230

25° — 28° Februarii.

s

1. 1791.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Longdo prepare, and bring in, the same.

Day appoint- Resoked, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ed to consider ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of securing jjouse> to consider of authorizing the Lords Commis-ofArr/araof sioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being to Dividends, issue a certain Sum, by Way of Exchequer Bills, in case the same should be found necessary, for further securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends on Account of the National Debt, whenever the same shall be demanded.

Com Refill. The House was moved, That the Order, made upon lation Bill Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Corn-deferred. mittee of the whole House, upon Wednesday next, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resoked, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 7th Day of March next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply dt- Resoked, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ferred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

rtreJS nex*» res°lve itself into a Committee of the whole

L e ‘ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising

the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Dunce, 28° die Anno 310 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1791. Prayers.

Milbankepresented to the House, according

Holy Island

Inclosure Bill JA’A. to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and presented. inclosing, a certain Stinted Pasture, Common, or Tract of Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of Holy Island, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon the ancient Infield Lands within the said Island: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resoked, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition for A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Provision to thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, and Worksop and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Roads Bill*11 *n ^le County of Nottingham, presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelhaand from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South in the County of Nottingham; and Setting forth, That a certain Public Road blanching out of the above-mentioned Road, at or near Kneesal, in the said County of Nottingham, and leading to the Great North Road at or near Carlton upon Trent, in the same County, extending about Six Miles, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and almost impassable in Winter, and the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That 6

Provision may be made in the said Bill for amending, widening, and repairing the said Branch of Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Popham, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Worksop and passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Debdale Hill Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from hoads Bill Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from comnaitte Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South

Muskham,in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Dunham passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Ferry Road jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in mi the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Stallengers -v

of Holy Island, in the County of Durham, on Be half sure* BillT of themselves, and others, was presented to the Flouse, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Stinted Pasture, Common, or Tract of Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of Holy Island, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon the ancient Infield Lands within the said Island; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law’, will be very injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners, and of the other Freeholders and Stallengers of Holy Island aforesaid: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Secpnd Time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday, the 6th Day of April next.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Petition to InhabitantSv of the Parish of All Saints, in the Town disunite the and County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, ;n south- ’ made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His amp ton. present Majesty, for better regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, it was enacted, that, as the Poor of the said Town were become very numerous, and were maintained at a great Expence by the respective Parishes within the same, and that the uniting of the said several Parishes into one District, and granting proper Powers for their better Government,

Employment, and Regulation, as also providing a

Place

31 Geo. III.

28° Febru

231

Place for their general Reception, would tend more to bring in a Bill to enable him to take and use effectually to their Assistance and Relief, and be of the Surname, and to bear the Arms, of only,

considerable Advantage to the Community, that after pursuant to the Will of the said Baldwin Duppa, the 24th Day of June 1773 there should be a Cor- deceased.

poration of Guardians, to whom the Care and Ma* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

nagement of the Poor of the said several Parishes pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

(in all Six) should be committed, and which should Sir Francis Basset and Mr. Bastard do prepare, and

consist of the Mayor, Bailifis, with the Recorder, and bring in, the same.

Three Senior Aldermen, and the resident Justices of the Peuce, to be perpetual, together with Eighteen A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Merlins of the Inhabitants of the different Parishes, chosen others, of the County of , was presented to.

Annually; and that the Experience of Seventeen Yrears the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road potion. °* has fully shewn that the said Law has been productive leading from Bridge, through the Village of

of the Evils it was intended to remedy, by which the Johnson, to in the said County, is greatly out

Burthen on the Petitioners has become grievous and of Repair, and in many Parts narrow and incommo-oppressive, insomuch that they are now assessed to dious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, the Poors Rate Three Times as much as was found and rendered commodious, by the ordinary Course fully sufficient for the Support of their Poor before of Law; and that there is not at present any Public the Union, notwithstanding their Numbers are far High Road from Stainton aforesaid to the Place where short of what they were before that Period: And, a new down, to be called Milford, is building, or in-as the Petitioners are about to incur a heavy Expence tended to be built, by the Lord of the Manor of in rebuilding their Parish Church, in which the other Hubberston and Pill, by virtue of certain Powers vested Five Parishes bear no Part, therefore praying, That in him by an Act of the last Session of Parliament,

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to disunite the and the amending and widening the Road from Ma lm's

Parish of All Saints from the other Parishes in the said Bridge to Stainton, and opening and making a

Town, that the Petitioners may be restored to the Public Carriage Road from thence to the said new

general Establishment of the Poor Laws, in providing down, will be of great Benefit to all Persons who

and supporting their Poor distinctly in their own Parish, may have Occasion to pass between Merlin's Bridge

as was done before the Union of the Parishes, by which and the said new Town: And therefore praying,

the Petitioners would enjoy the Benefit of Appeal to the That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ef-

Quarter Sessions, which the Inhabitants of the said down fecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and

are virtually deprived of, by the Members of the Court Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think

being Guardians. proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as shall appear to them, to the House: it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Amyatt, Mr. Sloane, See.: And it is referred to Mr. John Campbell, Mr. Barlow,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber;

Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Duppa’s (Junior) Name Petition.

A Petition of Baldwin Duppa Hancorn, of Holling-

bourne, in the County of Kent, Esquire, was presented The House was moved, That the Petition of se- Haverford-to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the veral Gentiemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other In- west Road. Petitioner is Tenant in Tail of all the Real Estates habitants of the County of Pembroke, which was pre- [ei‘r^0l!"g&iB whatsoever which were of Baldwin Duppa, late of Hd- sented to the House upon the 15th Day of this Couimittc.?

lingbourneaforesaid, Esquire, deceased, under the Instant February, and then ordered to be referred Will of the said Baldwin Duppa, and the Petitioner’s to the Consideration of a Committee, might be again Father, Baldwin Hancorn, is also Tenant for Life read.

of the said Estates; and that in the Will of the said And the same was read accordingly.

Baldwin Duppa, deceased, is contained a Clause, that The House was also moved, That the Report which,

all and every Person and Persons, who should be upon the J 7th Day of this Instant was made

entitled to Ins said Estates, should, when and as soon from the Committee to whom the said Petition was re-as they respectively should be in Possession, take upon ferred, might be read, himself and themselves severally the Surname of Duppa, And the same was read accordingly, and should, within Two Years after he and they And the House being informed, That the Whole of

should respectively come into Possession of his said the Road from Saint David's to Fishguard is not included Estates, use all necessary and proper Means for ob- in the Report from the Committee to whom the said taining an Act of Parliament to use the said Surname Petition was referred, nor in the Bill now depending in of Duppa, and to bear the Arms of Duppa, and, in the House for amending, widening, and keeping in case of Refusal or Neglect, should be totally ex- Repair, the Road leading from the Town of

eluded from the Possession and Enjoyment of his said zivst, through the Town of Fishguard, to the Town of Estates; and that the Petitioner’s Father, the said Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and also from Baldwin Hancorn, hath lately petitioned the House the Town of Fishguard towards the City of Saint for an Act to change his Name to Duppa, and Leave David's, so far as a certain Place, called Jordamton hath been given to bring in a Bill accordingly, but Water, in the said County of Pembroke; and that it the Petitioner’s said Father has, on Condition of being would be of great Advantage to the Country if the paid an Annuity, for his Life, and for other Consi- same were included in the said Bill; derations, parted with his Interest in the Estates of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

the said Baldwin Duppa, deceased, in Favour of the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

Petitioner, who is in Possession thereof, and the Pe- examine so much of the Matter thereof as relates to the

titioner is advised, that he cannot safely hold and en- Road from Jordanston Water to the City of

joy the said Estates, under and by virtue of the said Will, without complying with the Conditions thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given Vol. 46.

David's, being Part of the ltoad from David's to Fishguard; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

232 28 0 Februarii. 1791.

And it is referred to Mr. John Campbell, Mr. Bar- That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for law, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and under such Regulations, as to the House shall and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and seem meet.

Records. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do Lambeth and A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Christchurch thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of shall appear to them, to the House:

Communiea- jjouses ancj Estates, situate in the several Parishes of And it is referred to Lord Russell, Mr.

on e mon. Saint, Saviour Southwark, Christchurch, and Saint Mary William Clement Finch, See.: And they arse to meet

Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the House, and read; Setting forth, That, on or near the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Bank of the River Thames, extending from Westminster Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bridge, in the Parish of Lambeth, through the said

Parish of Christchurch, to London Bridge, in the said A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Kinghorn Parish of Saint Saviour, there are many valuable and Council of the Borough of in North Britain, Harbour

extensive Manufactories, and a great Number of Wharfs and as Trustees of the Fund after mentioned, was Pel Uim* for the landing of Goods, and the Access to the said presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Manufactories and Wharfs is, from the Narrowness of Kingdom, from its Situation on the North Side of the the Streets, Lanes, and Ways, leading to and communi- Frith of directly opposite to Leith, is the great

eating the rewith, very incommodious, and in some Ferry and Communication Town between the City of Places dangerous; and that it would tend greatly to Edinburgh and the Counties benorth the Forth, and the Advantage of all Persons interested in the said the Corporation have, by Charters and Acts of Parlia-Manufactories and Wharfs, and be productive of very ment, Right to the Port and Harbour, as also the Port essential Benefits to the Owners of Houses and Estates and Harbour, called; and that an Act was

on and near the Banks of the River Thames,within the passed, in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Limits aforesaid, as well as be of great Public Utility, late Majesty King George the Second, granting a Duty

if a regular Communication between London and West- of Two Pennies on the Scots Pint of Ale brewed or

minster Bridges aforesaid were formed, as near as con- consumed within the Liberties of the said Burgh, for

veniently may be to the Water Side, by widening, the Purposes of building and keeping in Repair the

straightening, and improving, the present Streets and said Harbour, which Duty was put under the Manage-Lanes, where the same can be done, and by forming ment of the Petitioners, as Trustees specially ap-' and laying out new Streets where the same shall be pointed for that Purpose, and of certain Persons as found necessary or expedient, and it would be further Overseers for inspecting their Accounts, and seeing beneficial to have such Street or Streets of Communi- the Money applied for the Purposes of the Act, which cation properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and was renewed by another Act, passed in the Fightli regulated: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Year of His present Majesty, continuing the said Duty-given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, in such for Twenty-five Years longer; and that’those Funds Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House for defraying the Expence of keeping up and repair-shall seem meet. ing, &c. are defective and insufficient, and the said

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Harbour, of so great Public Utility, cannot be main-

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do tained and preserved, and those useful and salutary examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Purposes accomplished, for Want of proper Powers shall appear to them, to the House:. and a sufficient Fund: And therefore praying for

And it is referred to Lord William Russell, Mr. Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes before

William Clement Finch, &c.: And they are to meet mentioned.

Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power*to send for Per- Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition sons, Papers, and Records. of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Justices of the

Peace in the Commissions of the Peace for the Counties Christ A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are of and Mid-Lothian, respectively, for themselves.

Church thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses or In- and in Behalf of the other Justices of Peace for the

Paving, kc. habitants within the Parish of Christ Church, in the said respective Counties, is referred: And that they

etition. County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report

read; Setting forth, That the Street, called The Upper the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ground Street, in the said Parish of Christ Church,

beginning at the East, at a House known by the Sign A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Penn Inn of The Falcon, and ending West, at the End of the said and others, Trustees of the Turnpike, resid- and Honiton

Parish, at or near The Old Barge House, is in some ing in and near the several Towns and Parishes of Pell'

Parts narrow and incommodious for Passengers, very ill Axminster, Thomcombe, Kilmington, Shute, Widworthy,

paved, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, or watched, Offwell, and Honiton, in the County of Devon, and

and is subject to many Annoyances, Nuisances, and Hawkchurch, Whitechurch Cannonicorum, and Dalwood,

Encroachments, and it would be a great Benefit in the County of Dorset, and of divers other Persons, and Convenience to the Owners and Inhabitants of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented Houses in the said Street, and to the Public, if the to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the first same was properly widened, paved, cleansed, lighted, Turnpike Powers were granted to the Trustees of the watched, regulated, and' improved; and that there said Road in the Year 1754, by an Act passed in the are several other Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and open Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Ma-Passages and Places, within the said Parish, some of jesty, and the Road described and limited was from a which are narrow and incommodious, and all of thqpn certain Intrenchment on Askerswell Hill, opposite to require to be better paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, Chilcombe Farm, through the Town of Bridport, to and' regulated, and it would be for the Accommo- Penn Inn, and from Penn Inn aforesaid, through the dation and Advantage of the Inhabitants, and of Pub- Town of Axminster, to the Workhouse at the East End lie U tility, that some Provision should be made for of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon; and widening, improving, paving, cleansing, lighting, watch- that, in the Year 1765, an Enlargement of the Term ing, and regulating the same: And therefore praying, and Powers of the above mentioned Act was proposed

31 Geo. III.

28° Februdrii.

233

for the Public Benefit, and (amortgst other Things) to an yother Purpose, yet more beneficial to the Pub-it was stated by a Petition- to Parliament, that the lie, which the House shall approve, but this desirable Road leading from the Workhouse at the East End of Intention has been unhappily frustrated, and thus the the Town of Honiton, towards the City of Exon, as far Petitioners have been compelled to make this Appli-as the Branch of the Lyme Turnpike, leading from cation without Delay; and that the Road leading Ottery Saint Mary to Straitxoay Head, in the County of from Gate over Doom towards

Devon, was in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places the Lyme Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hazek-narrow and incommodious, and could not be effectually , in the County of Dorset, is at present in a

amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow then in being; and that, in Consequence of the said and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended Petition, the said additional Road, being about Five and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Miles, was, by a Clause in the Act of the Fifth of His Law, but the Amendment thereof may be effected present Majesty, declared to be within the Axminster and kept in Repair by a Sum not exceeding £. 300: District, and to be repaired, widened, and amended, at And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to the Costs of that Trust, and it was also further enacted, bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term that £. 700 should be forthwith expended upon the and Powers of so much of the said Acts, made in the said District of Roads, with a Proviso, that no Turn* Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, pike should be erected, or Toll collected, between the and in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, East End of the Workhouse in Honiton and Fair Mile for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset adjoining the Branch of the Lyme Road aforesaid, and, and Devon, as relates to the Road from Penn Inn, in with these further Directions, that a certain Turnpike the County of Dorset, to the Workhouse at the East then erected at Gammons Hill should be taken down, End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and that no Turnpike should be erected there for the and also for repairing, new-making, widening, and future, and that no Turnpike should be erected or amending, the said Road leading from Quandoes Gate suffered to remain upon the Road between Penn Inn and aforesaid, over Hawkchurch Down, to join the Lyme Honiton Workhouse, except those at the East End of the Turnpike Road on Hawkchurch Hill, in such Manner, Town of Axminster, and at the End of Northcote Lane and by and under such Alterations, Regulations, and West of Axminster, and also the Side Gate at a Place Amendments, as to the House shall seem meet, and to

grant such further and other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

called Mount Pleasantfwhich were not to be altered or

removed, but the same were directed always to remain where they were then fixed; and that; in the Year 1790, an Act was passed for paving and improving the Town of Honiton, by which Act the Trustees of the Axminster Road, without Consultation, without No-

A Petition of the Right honourable Sampson Lord Nettleton tice, and without their Knowledge, were absolutely Eardley, Lord of the Manor of , in the County Inclosur*

discharged from the Care and Management of, ana of Lincoln, and of the several other Persons whose Petition, from all Power and Authority over, certain Parts of Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of, or in-their Road, which then became vested in the Com- terested in, Estates within the said Lordship, was pre-missioners of Honiton, by which Act the Trustees of sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Axminster were rendered further incapable of being re- there are, within the said Lordship of Nettleton, certain elected, unless resident within Five Miles of Honiton, Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste by which Act, finally, Honiton became enabled to ap- Grounds, which may be greatly improved by being propriate solely to herself all the Tolls that can be divided and inclosed, and allotted to the Proprietors collected within that very District, in the Formation according to their respective Interests therein: And and Completion of which Axminster, since the Year therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in 1765, has expended £.1,160 Principal, besides its a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Corn-Annual Interest, but to that Loan, and to the Burthen mon Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste of the future Repairs of almost the Whole of that Dis- Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, trict, Axminster is still left subject; and that the said as to the House shall seem meet Act has been carried into Execution, and the Peti- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-tioners foresee, with great Concern, eventual Evil, if suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. not Ruin, to their Trust, and feel for the Hardship Wilm and Mr. Anderson Pelham, do prepare, and the Public is exposed to from Two new Turnpikes bring in, the same, erected upon the Great Western Road, of which the

most Eastern is placed in the Vicinity of the Toll A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Mumby, Houses at Northcote Lane, so that Payment of Toll at of, or Persons otherwise interested in, the Open Reids, Hogsthorpe, Three different Gates may be exacted from the Tra- Lands, and Grounds, herein after mentioned, was pre-veller within the Space of Three Miles; and that the sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That petition? Petitioners have diligently attempted for these Six there are, within the Parishes of Mumby, Hogsthorpe,

Months past to compromise the Subject Matter of this and in the County of Lincoln, certain Open

Petition by an amicable Negotiation with Honiton, in and TJnindosed Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Hopes that Application might have been unanimously other Common and Waste Grounds, computed to made to the House for Powers to have terminated the contain in the Whole about 2,700 Acres, which, in Axminster District where the new Honiton Road begins, their present Situation, are capable of very little Inland to have placed under the Care and Management provement, but, if the same were inclosed, and specific of the Honiton Commissioners the Five Miles West of Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a Honiton, that is to say, that District from the Work- considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties house at the East End of the Town of Honiton, towards interested therein, and to the Public in general: And the City of Exon, as far as the Branch of the Lyme therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in Turnpike, which is now disjointed from Axminster, by a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, sub-the intervening of their Trust, and which can require ject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem for its future Repairs but a very small Portion of the meet.

Profits arising from the Toll Houses which the new Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Commissioners of Honiton have erected, to the Intent pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that that the Trustees of Axminster might apply the Surplus Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, of their Revenue to the Diminution of their Debt, or and bring in, the same.

Vol. 3 O A Petition

28® Februarii.

A. 1791.

Buckingham A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and and Brackley others, of the Counties of Buckingham and Northampton, Petition was Presente(l 1° the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Buckingham to the Town of Brackley, in the County of

ampton, is greatly out of Repair, in some Parts narrow, end incommodious, and there is not any direct convenient Carriage Road from the said Town of Brackley to the Town of Banbury, in the County of Oxford-, and that the amending and widening the said Road from Buckingham to Brackley, and rendering the Course thereof more direct than at present, and making or providing a commodious Carriage Road from Brackley, to communicate with the Daventry and Banbury Turnpike Road, at a convenient Distance from the said Town of Banbury, and keeping such respective Roads in good Repair, will be of great Benefit to all Persons having Occasion to travel between the said Towns of Buckingham and Banbury, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Buckingham to the Town of Brackley aforesaid, and altering the Course of such Parts thereof as shall be found necessary or proper, and for making or providing a direct and convenient Carriage Road from the said Town of Brackley to the Daventry and Banbury Turnpike Road as aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as ' it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Eger ton, Mr. Haynes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records-

Lough- Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to

LeicesterOrder, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi-Canal Bill gable Communication between the Loughborough Canal presented. and the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways, or Stone Roads, and Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the same, by passing along the said Canal, to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Melton Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to

Navigation Order, a Bill for making Navigable the Rivers Wreak BdlVlpre-°n an^ Eye, from the Junction of the said River JVreak tented. with the intended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at or near a certain Place called Twnwater Meadow, in the Lordship of Cossington, to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill committed.

Little Wool- A Bill or dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open SSr1^" an(l Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little , in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl Verney, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Haverford- A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of committed. fordwestto the City of Saint David's, and from the said

City to Caerfai, in the Parish of Davids, in the County of Pembroke, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

,4ldridge, Mr. Barloro, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac- Kington and cording to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a ^Ti'b'u Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Here- presented. ford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Severn, near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Williamsreported from the Committee, MarlowRoad to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Petition Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates, or rePorled* residing within the Counties of Oxford and Buckingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Goldsmith, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Great Marlow, in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, is in a very ruiuous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and inconvenient, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Great Marlow, in the County of -

ham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford: And that Mr. Thomas Williams and Mr. Lee Antonie do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, Brightfaelm-to whom the Petition of several Trustees, whose *ton Roads Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Exeeu- Pet,tl(® tion an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His presentrepOTt Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Brighthelmston to The County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to rppOrt the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Peter Morfee being examined said, That the Trustees hare proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act — That the Sum of £. 6,800 and upwards now remain due, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the rowers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Brighthelmston to The County Oak on Lovell

Heath,

31 Geo. III. 28° Februan

4

Heath,in the county of : And that Mr. Thomas Pelham and Mr. Lennox do prepare, and bring in, the same.

RotherNavi- Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, aexord-

8raented* *nS *° Order, a Bill to enable the Earl of to

preten e . anfj maintain the River Pother Navigable from the Town of Midhurst to a certain Meadow called The Railed Pieces, or Stopham in the Parish of Stopham, and a Navigable Cut from the said River to the River A run ,at or near Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second. Time.

Selby Bridge Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according ®ajPre* to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge at or near the

*" Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West

Riding of the County of York ,to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hcmingborough, in the East Riding of the said County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cottingham Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Inclosure Bill Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open presea . Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Cot ling-ham, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of ttie Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain Lands, Grounds, and Common

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Dudley the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Paving, fee the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to thejn, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Burnebeing examined, said, That the Streets,

Fanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Town of Dudley, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted or watched, and are subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, and the same are in some Parts very narrow and incommodious; and that the said Town and the Inhabitants thereof, are very ill supplied with Water. — And the W’itness further saith, That it would tend to the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets,

Lanes, Passages, and Places, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the narrow Parts thereof rendered sufficiently wide; and if certain Buildings were taken down and Openings made, and if all Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein were removed, and Provision made for preventing the like for the future; and that it will tend to the Accommodation and Health of the Inhabitants if the said Town was properly supplied with Water.

Pastures, in the Parish of in the East Hiding

of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kellington Mr. Dur.combe reported from the Committee, to reC*°ted*B'^ whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, lugs. Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship, Liberty, or Township of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774> relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parlies concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the adding of One other Commissioner to the Bill (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 2. 45. 4 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the w'hole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 20. 12 5. 11 per Annum, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Birmingham Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to and Wor- Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable ^j[e^re.aD Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, tented. in the County of Warwickto communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevenniglit, the Sth Day of March next Vol. 46.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Dudley, in the County of

JYurcester, and for better supplying the said Town with Water: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Fritwell thereunto subscribed, Ow ners and Proprietors of, and Inclosure otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Field, P®1*1100* and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within and belonging to the Manor and Parish of Fritwell, in the County of Oxfoi'd was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Field are intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Field, Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon and the Marquis of Blandjord do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Charles William Boughton Rouse, Siefton Forest Esquire, John Woodhouse, Esquire, the Reverend James Inclosure Woodhouse, M. A. and of the several other Persons *>etltl0a* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments, within the Townships of and Bache, and Norton, in the County of Salop, and as such entitled to Right of Common over and upon the Forest or Common of Siefton, within the Townships of Siefton and Bache, and Norton aforesaid, in Behalf of themselves, and all others having Right of Common over the same Forest or Common, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, the said Charles William Boughton Rouse and

John

236 28 6 Februarii.A. 1791.

John Woodhouse, are Lords of the Manor of otherwise Culmington, in which Parish the Townships of Siefton, Bache, and Norton, and also the said Forest or Common, are situate, and die Petitioners Charles William Boughton Rouse and John Woodhouse, are Owners and Proprietors of the Soil and Inheritance of ' the said Forest, or Common of , and the Royalties thereof, and the said John Woodhouse alone is the Owner of the Advowson or Rectory of the Parish and Parish Church of Culmin in die said County of Salop, and the said James Woodhouse is the present Rector thereof; and that the said Forest or Common Of Siefton, though of the Extent of 400 Acres or thereabouts, is but of little Advantage to the Petitioners and others, having Right of Common over the same, and in its present Situation incapable of any considerable Improvement, but might by a Division and Inclosure thereof be rendered of great Advantage to the several Persons having such Right of Common over the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Forest or Common, and allotting specific Parts thereof to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to such their respective Rights, under such Regulations,_and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Deal Paving Mr. Gipps reported from the Committee, to whom Petl"°*}' the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, 161)0 and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of

Deal, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-» port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.*

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Leith being examined, said, That the Highways, Streets, and Lanes within the said Town are not properly repaired, paved, and cleansed, and on Account of various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, the same are rendered' very unsafe, dangerous, and incommodious; and that it would conduce much to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety of the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting to the said Town, if the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, were effectually repaired, paved, and cleansed.

Mr. Thomas Oakley confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, paving, and cleansing the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing -Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Gipps, Sir Edward Knatchbull, and Sir John do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Wedway A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and other Inhabi-Navigatioa tants, of the King’s Town and Parish of Maidstone, in e 1 ion. County of Kent, of the Owners and Freighters of

Craft, Hop Planters, Farmers, and Traders, on the River Medway, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Navigation of the said River is greatly obstructed by Shelves and other Impediments, to the continual Hindrance and Damage of the said Petitioners freighting Goods on that River, and especially Tithber, from the Weald of Kent and Sussex . to His Majesty’s Dock Yards of Chatham, Sheemess, Woolwich, and Deptford: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the

Petitioners to deepen and improve the said River from Rochester to Maidstone, and for that Purpose to levy such Imposts on the Tonnage of Vessels thereon employed as to the House shall seein meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bloxham, Sir Edward Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Pawnbroker* thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, in Behalf of Petition, themselves and others, exercising that Business within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade and " Business of Pawnbrokers," which was to continue in Force for One Year, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and that the several Regulations established by the said Act have been found beneficial to the Public, and the Petitioners conceive that it would conduce to the Public Good if the said Act was made perpetual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make the said Act perpetual, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Alderman Watson and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for draining and dividing a certain Moor, or King’s Sedg-Tract of Waste Land, called King's , in the moor Drain-

County of Somerset, was read a Second Time. ^mmitt?3

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phelips, c Mr. Tempter, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Whitcbnrck Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ®oad repairing and widening the Road from Whitchurch, in conumtted’ the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Jerooise, the Lord Middleton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the Birmingham Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was ^?[^hous< presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That e 00* an Act was made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor within the said Parish; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but, from the great Increase of the Poor of late Years, and from divers other Causes, they find the Provisions of the said Act insufficient for answering the Purposes thereby intended, and, unless some further and other Powers are granted for erecting a proper Workhouse and other necessary Buildings for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, and for making and establishing such Regulations as shall be necessary for those Purposes, the Poor of the said Parish cannot be properly maintained and employed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for providing a proper Workhouse, with such Buildings

and

31 Geo. III.

28° Februarii.

237

and Conveniencies thereto, as may be Judged necessary tition, arid had directed him to report the same, as or expedient, and for better regulating and employ- it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

ing the Poor within the said Parish, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Augustus Shuckburgh, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

William Case, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed the Sum of 6,810 upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged; and that it will be necessary to exempt

from the Payment of Tolls Carriages employed in carry-R«we'*Nat. A Petition of Anthony Ravee, of Birmingham, in the ing Turnips for feeding the Owners Cattle.

Petition. County of JVarwick, Merchant, was presented to the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given continuing and amending an Act of the Tenth Year to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the several Roads from the South Gate, in the Bo-according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And rough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of East that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh and Sir ton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Market,

Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John IVodchouse reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in uoo reported. Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Kings Lynn (East Gate) Roads Peti-

in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir John

and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

Sir John JVodehouse reported from the Committee, j\£arshland to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Drainage and for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Names are thereunto set, Land Owners of the Country Inclosure

Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, on Behalf re*

of Geyton and Grbnstone, and to the Gate next Hit- of themselves and of the other Land Owners of the por c ' lington, on Congham Common, and to the North End of said Country, was referred; That the Committee had Babingley Lane,in Babingley, in the County of Norfolk, examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the was referred; That the Committee had examined, and House, of the 25th of i/74> relative to Bills of found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the Drainage and Inclosure, had been complied with;

25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had and that the Committee had examined the Matter

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read tb« Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John JVardale being examined, said, That he

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the knows the Tract of Land called the Country of -'1 ... land, in the County of Norfolk; that it is very ex-

tensive, and comprizes 40,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and that the same hath for many Years been partly drained by the Power of His Majesty’s Commissioners of Sewers for the said County, but that the present Works of Drainage are ineffectual for the complete

said Act was read: And,

ll'illiam Case, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due and owing, and can-

not be repaid, and the Roads effectually amended and Drainage of the said Country. — And being further

1_A. 1__ I) 1 _ i 1 _ rr’_ r . I 1 A 1 Ova inlnan n/i om/I l l.nl in nlnA in sKn nm/I

kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and further Powers given.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the Gate next Hilling ton, on Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Jolin JVodehouse and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John JVodehouse reported from the Committee, (South Gate) to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for Road* Peti- carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made lion reported. in jjie Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads

King’s Lynn

examined, he said, That there is also in the said Countiy a large Tract of Land, called Marshland Smeath and Fen, which are not properly drained; but that if the said Smeath and Fen were effectually drained, they might be divided, allotted, and inclosed to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, to their great Benefit.

Mr. Jonathan Sutter by confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better draining and preserving the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing a certain Part thereof called The Smeath And that Sir John JVodehouse and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Wardens and Assistants of Dover D0ver nur. from the South Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, Harbour, under their Common Seal, being offered to bour Petition, into the Parishes of EastJValton, Narboi'ough, Stoke be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s the House, that His Majesty,

Ferry, and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe-Vol. 46.

Command) acquainted having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then’the said Petition was brought up, and read;

3 P Setting

238 .28° Febmarii. A. 1791.

Setting forth, That the said Harbour, from its Situation and Utility, hath for many Years past been considered as a Place of great Importance, more especially in Times of War; and that, by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third, certain Duties were granted upon Ships and Vessels for repairing the said Harbour, which Duties have been continued by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, and a Duty of only Three Half-pence Ton is now payable to the said Harbour; and that the Money arising by the said Duty is by no Means adequate to the Expence that is indispensably necessary for the Support and Improvement of the said Harbour: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make further Provision for the Support and Improvement of the said Harbour, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord North, Mr. Treca-nion, &c. t And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County of Chester, Nathaniel Kinderley, Gentleman, his Heirs and Assigns, and such Person or Persons as the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs or Assigns, should nominate and appoint, under his or their Hand and Seal, were by the said Act appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation, with such Powers as in the said Act mentioned, and it was by the said Act, among other Things, enacted, That, for the better enabling the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs and Assigns, or Nominees, to make and keep the said River Navigable, as thereinbefore mentioned, all that Sand, Soil, Ground, Marsh, and Salt Marsh, in the said Act mentioned and described, should, from and immediately after such Time as the said River should be made Navigable for Ships and Vessels in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, be vested in the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, for ever, and that it should be lawful to and for the said Nathaniel -derley, his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, to defend, inclose, and improve the said White Sands, Soil, and Ground, and to take the Rents and Profits thereof, to and for his own proper Use; and that by another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the several Persons in the said last mentioned Act named, being the Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River Dee, and the Representatives of such of the Subscribers to a certain Indenture, or Deed Poll, in the same Act mentioned, as were dead, and their several and respective Successors, Heirs, and Assigns, should be erected into One Company, for the Purposes mentioned in the said several Acts of the Sixth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and should have full Power and Authority to do all such Acts as the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, or Nominees, might have done, or were empowered to do, by virtue of the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and to take and receive all such Duties and Payments whatsoever as the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, or

7

Nominees, were empowered to do by the said Act, and to embank, inclose, improve, and apply to the Use of the said Company, the White Sands, Soil, and Ground, and other Lands whatsoever, by the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty vested in the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, upon the Terms and Conditions in the same Act mentioned j and that, by another Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for explaining and amending the Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, and another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for incorporating the Undertaking of the Navigation of the River Dee, and for repealing the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers, and for granting to them other Tonnage or Keelage Duties in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the said Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers were repealed, and new Rates granted and apt-pointed to be paid to them in lieu thereof, and, by the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, certain other Powers and Authorities were given to the Petitioners; and that by another Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and Sir John Glynn, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of,

and several Freeholders and Occupiers of Land within the said Manor, and for explaining and amending the several Acts of the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River Dee, the said Articles of Agreement were confirmed, and further Powers and Authorities were given to the Petitioners; and that the said Nathaniel Kinderley wad the Petitioners have, at a very great Expence, completed the said Navigation of the said River Dee, and in embanking, inclosing, and improving, large Tracts of the said White Sands, Soil, and Ground, so vested in the Petitioners; and that several Doubts and Differences having arisen, or being likely to arise, respecting the Boundaries of the said Lands, Soil, Ground, Marsh, and Salt Marsh, by the said Act of the Sixth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign vested in the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, and now vested in the Petitioners, and particularly as to such Part or Parts as lie below, or to the North, or North East, of a certain Place, called Greenfield Gate, in the County of Flint,it was therefore, in order for the settling and preventing all such Differences as aforesaid, and fixing the said Boundaries of the said New Marshes or White Sands, Ground, and Soil, so granted to the said Nathaniel Kinderley as aforesaid, and of the Common and Salt Marshes adjoining thereto, that certain Articles of Agreement, of Three Parts, were made the 31st Day of May, in the Year 1786, between the Petitioners of the First Part, and several Persons whose Hands and Seals were affixed to the Schedule thereunto annexed, being Lords of Manors lying below, and to the South East of Greenfield Gate aforesaid, and the South Side of the said River Dee, and other Persons entitled to Right of Common, and other Common Rights, over the Wastes and Commons, and the Old Common Salt Marshes lying on the South Side of the said River, and below, or to the South of, Greenfield Gate, of the Second Part, and William Wynn, of Mold, in the County of Flint, Gentleman, and Charles Potts, of the City of Chester, Esquire, of the Third Part, the Petitioners, and the several other Parties to the said Agreement of the Second Part, did promise and agree, to and with each other, in Manner following, that is to say, that tho

31 Geo. III. 28° Februarii. 239

said William Wynn and Charles Potts, and such other said herein-before recited Articles of Agreement, and

Person as they should, by any Writing under their in pursuance of the Power therein contained, and Hands and Seals, nominate and appoint, should be, thereby given for that Purpose, did, in or about the and were thereby, constituted and appointed Arbitra- 2d Day of 1786, nominate and appoint

tors or Keferrees, for the Purpose of fixing and ascer- of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex,

taming the Boundaries of the said Common Salt Esquire, to be an Arbitrator, or Referree, with them Marshes, and of the Lands formerly White Sands, and the said William Wynn and Charles Potts, for the Pur-New Marsh, and Green Sword Lands, and the Ground pose aforesaid; and that, by a certain Deed Poll, or and Soil thereof, adjoining to the said Common Salt Instrument, in Writing, under the Hands and Seals Marshes belowr the North East of Greenfield Gate afore- of the said Hugh Leycester, William Wynn, and Charles said, as well for and on the Behalf of the Petitioners and Potts, bearing Date on or about the 2 2d Day of Sep-their Successors, as for and on the Behalf of the said tember 1787, they the said Hugh Leycester, William other Parties to the said Articles of Agreement, Wynn, and Charles Potts, made their Order, Deter-of the Second Part, their Heirs, Executors, Adminis- mination, and Award, accordingly; and that, by the trators, and Assigns, respectively, and that they the said Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his said William Wynn and Charles Potts, and such other late Majesty, certain Persons therein named were con-Person to be by them nominated and appointed as stituted and appointed Commissioners for settling, aforesaid, should be, and thereby were, authorized determining, and adjusting, in the Manner therein and empowered, by such lawful Ways and Means as mentioned, all Matters about which any Difference or they should think proper, to ascertain and distinguish Controversy should or might arise between the said the Boundaries of the said Common Salt Marshes Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, or Nominees, below or to the North East of Greenfield Gate aforesaid, and the Proprietors of any Lands, Tenements, or Here-and of the said New Marshes or White Sands, and ditaments, adjoining to and on either Side of the the Ground and Soil thereof, adjoining to the said said River Dee, above or below the Bridge at Chester, Common Salt Marshes, and to appoint such Roads and further Powers were given to the said Commis-and Ways over and across the same Common Salt sioners by the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Afarshes, and over and across the said Marshes or Reign of his late Majesty; and that most of the said White Sands, to the said River Dee, as should in their Commissioners are dead, and it would be of great Judgment be fit and convenient for the Use and Con- Benefit to the Petitioners to have new Commissioners venience of the Petitioners, and their Servants, and appointed, with more extensive Powers and Autho-Occupiers of the said New Marshes or White Sands rities, and that it will also be for the Benefit of the Peti-thereinbefore mentioned, and also for the Use and tioners, their Tenants, and Occupiers of the Lands so Convenience of the said several Parties to the said vested in the Petitioners by the said recited Acts, if Agreement of the Second Part, and their Heirs, Exe- the said Lands, or a considerable Part thereof, were cutors, and Administrators, and their and every of erected into a separate Township or Hamlet, and if their Servants, and Occupiers of any Messuages, Te- the Petitioners and their Tenants, or Occupiers of nements, and Lands, in respect whereof they the said the said Lands, were empowered by Authority of Par-several Parties thereto then had, or claimed to be liament to make such Rates and Assessments upon the entitled to Right of Common of Pasture, or to any said Lands, or the Occupiers thereof, as shall from other Common, in and upon the said Old Common Time to Time become necessary for the Maintenance Salt Marshes, adjoining to the said New Marshes or of their Poor, repairing the Highways, and to do all White Sands, and lying below, or to the North East other necessary and proper Acts for electing and of Greenfield Gate aforesaid, and also for the Use, chusing proper Overseers, and other Officers for those Passage, and Enjoyment of all such Persons as ought Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be to have any Ways, Roads, or Passages, in, over, or given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending through the same Salt Marshes, or the said New the said several Acts, and for confirming the said Afarshes or White Sands thereinbefore mentioned, and Articles of Agreement and Award, and for appointing further, that they, the said William IVytm and Charles new Commissioners, and for erecting the said Lands Potts, and such Person to be by them appointed as belonging to the said Company, or some Part thereof, aforesaid, should and might, and were authorized and into a separate Hamlet or Township, with such empowered, by any Award, Deed, or Instrument, Clauses, Provisoes, and Restrictions, as to the House under their Hands and Seals, to make such Decisions shall seem meet.

and Determinations, and such Orders, Rules, and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Regulations, touching the Premises, and for the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

more effectual ascertaining, continuing, and perpetu- mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

ating the due Observance of the said Boundary or shall appear to them, to the House:

Boundaries, and of the said Ways, Roads, or Pas- And it is referred to Mr. the Master

sages, so to be by them set out, ascertained, and dis- of the Rolls, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

tinguished, as aforesaid, and they the said William Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Wynn and Charles Potts, and such other Person to be Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, by them nominated and appointed as aforesaid, should and Records, in their Discretion think proper, so that such Award,

Order, Deed, or Instrument, should be made and exe- A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Abemantand cuted by them, on or before- the 29th Day of Septem- holders, and other Inhabitants of the Parishes of Ystra- Neath Canal her 1787, and it was, amongst other Things, agreed dyfiodoch, Glyncorrug, Cadoxton, and juxta Peution-

by and between all the Parties aforesaid, that the said Neath and Neath, in the County of Glamorgan, was pre-Agreement, and all the Matters and Things therein sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the contained, and also the Award, Order, and Deter- making and maintaining a Canal for the Navigation mination, to be made in pursuance thereof, should be of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near a cer-submitted to the Consideration and Confirmation of tain Place, called Abernant, in the Parish of,

the Legislature, so that the same might be established to and through a certain Place called The Brickfield, and confirmed by the Authority of Parliament, with near Melinerythan Pill, within the Parish of Neath, into such saving Clause as is usual in Cases of the like the River of Neath, near the Town of Neath, within the Nature, if the Legislature should so think fit; and that County of Glamorgan, w ill open a Communication the said William Wynn and Charles Potts, by a certain with several extensive Mines and Works, Lime Stone Writing under their Hands and Seals, indorsed on the Quarries, Woods of Timber Trees, and Collieries,

Vol. 40. and

i^ooaie

and will be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is relerred to Mr. Thomas Wyndham, Mr.

Barlow, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition A Petition of Sir Thomas Gooch, Baronet, was pre-agaiostthe seated to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Birmingham Petitioner is informed an Application has been

ter CaMl* aKa'n a>&^e to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill Bill. for making a Navigable Canal from or near the Town

of Birmingham to the River Severn, at Digits, near to the City of Worcester, similar to that which was offered to and rejected by Parliament in the last Session; and that the Petitioner is Owner of several valuable Water Mills, situate in and near to the Town of Birmingham, which lie below the Line of the said intended Canal, and i3 also the Owner of a large Landed Property, situate in and near to the said Town, and the present Supply of Water to the Petitioner’s said Mills is not fully sufficient for the necessary Uses thereof; and that in case the said intended Canal should take Place, the Petitioner apprehends that the same must unavoidably intercept and take away great Part of the Land Floods, Springs, and other Resources, which afford the natural Supply of Water to the said Mills, and that in Consequence thereof the same will be greatly injured and lessened in Value; and that many Streets have been formed, and very valuable and extensive Buildings erected, upon the Petitioner’s Estate in and near to the Town of Birmingham, the Value and Improvement whereof depends upon the Prosperity of the Manufactories of the said Town, which cannot be carried on without a constant and cheap Supply of Coals, and the Petitioner apprehends, that by Means of the intended Canal the Coals will be sent from the Mines which lie nearest to the Town of Birmingham into distant Markets, and that thereby the Supply of Coals for the Use of the said Manufactories will be rendered precarious, and the Price thereof consequently advanced, and very great Injury will result therefrom to the Petitioner’s Property: And therefore praying to be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, be tead a Second Time, and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

American A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Loyalists thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of America, Petition. who were driven from their Families and Possessions in Consequence of their Attachment to the British Government, and, by a Series of unfortunate Circumstances, have not been included in the Provisions of the Acts lately passed for the Relief of the Loyalists, being offered to be presented to the House:

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, actuated by an inviolable Attachment to the Person and Government of their Sovereign, and in chearful Obedience to His Majesty’s Proclamation, and the Resolutions of the Two Houses of Parliament, by which the Royal and Parliamentary Faith was most solemnly pledged for their Protection and Indemnity, exerted their.utmost Endeavours to suppress the late Rebellion in America, in direct Consequence whereof they were compelled to desert their Properties and Families, and to seek for Protection and Safely with the British Fleets and Armies — The Protection promised they confess they have in some Measure received, but they still remain destitute of the promised Indemnity and Compensation for their Losses, Services, and Sufferings, which has been liberally, administered to others under the same meritorious Circumstances: That far from imputing the least Degree of intentional Injustice, the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, that their thus late Application for Relief has been occasioned by a Variety of unfortunate Circumstances, which naturally and inevitably attended their several Situations after the Peace, which were unforeseen, and therefore unprovided for by the several Acts passed for the Relief of the Loyalists; such as long and lingering Sickness; Imprisonment by the American States; their great Distance in the Wilderness of Canada and Nova Scotia, from the Source of Information, and the cruel and unjust Neglect of Agents: That thus particularly and unfortunately circumstanced, the Times limited by the Two First Acts, passed for the Relief of the Loyalists, were too short to enable the Petitioners, residing so distant from Great Britain, by any Means in their Power, to put in their Claims; that the subsequent Statutes were confined to the Cases of Persons therein particularly named, and that in Consequence thereof, although equally entitled by their Loyalty,

Sufferings, and Services, to the Public Relief which has been administered to others, they have not had an Opportunity to put in their Claims, and yet remain destitute of that Relief which they apprehend was within the equitable and benevolent Intention of the House in passing the aforesaid Acts for the Relief of the Loyalists: That the Petitioners have left their Families in the Wildernesses of Canada and Nova Scotia, struggling with Poverty and Distress, under a Confidence in the ‘Equity and Humanity of the British Government that they would receive the same Relief which has been granted to others, and that, should they fail in their Expectations, some of them have not, nor do they know' where to obtain, the Means of returning to their unfortunate and helpless Families:

And therefore entreating the House to take their unfortunate Case into Consideration, and to grant them that just Compensation for their Losses, Services, and Safferings, which they apprehend to be due to them, from the Principles of Reason and Justice, by the sacred Faith of Majesty, and by the solemn Resolutions of both Houses of Parliament, repeatedly made for their Protection and Indemnity, or to grant them such other Relief as to the House shall appear right and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town and Petition in Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the County of York, Favour of^ was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, "oad That the Petitioners are informed that Leave has been Bill.3 given to bring in a Bill for making, widening, altering, and repairing the JRoad from the Turnpike

Road

31 Geo. III.

28° Febru

241

Kippax In. closure Bill reported.

Howden Roads Petition.

Road, leading from Rother'ham, in the said County of A Petition of Doctor Cuthbert Gordon, being offered

York to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, at to be presented to the House;

or near Clarion, in the County of Derby, to the Turn- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s pike Road leading from Worksop, in the said County Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, of Nottingham, to Kelham, in the same County, at or having been informed of the Contents of the said Peti-near Budby, in the said County of Nottingham: And lion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House,

praying, 3 hat the said Bill may pass. Then the said Petition was brought up and read;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Setting forth. That, in consequence of an Address Table. to His Majesty, in July 1786, from the House of

Commons, it was referred to the Lords of the Com-

Mr. W Uberforce reported from the Committee, to mittee of Privy Council for Trade, to consider of the

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Discoveries alledged to have been made by the Peti-

Parts of the Common Arable Fields, a Common tioner in the Art of Dying, and the Petitioner has

Stiuted Pasture, called The Toam Close, and a certain submitted to their Lordships various Documents de-Common or Waste called The Hollings, within the monstralive of the Value and Utility of his Discove-Manor and Township of Kippeur, in the West Riding ries, and their Lordships thereupon recommended to

of the County of York, was committed; That the the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury

Committee bad examined, and found that the Stand- to give the Petitioner the Sum of £. 200, as a Reward ing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, for his Merit in discovering Substances useful in Dying, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied and as an Encouragement to proceed in the said with; and that the Committee bad examined the Al- Discoveries; and that their Lordships of the Coinlegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; mittee also desired Mr. Chamberlain of

and that the Parties concerned had given their Con- don, and Mr. Charles Taylor, of Manchester, with the sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee Assistance of the Society of Arts and Manufactures, (except the Owners of 22 Acres 2 Roods and 10 to make Experiments in dying Woollens and Cottons, Perches of Land in the Common Fields, 4 Common as suggested by the Petitioner; but the said Messrs.

Rights, 13 Pasture Gates, and 19 Acres 1 Rood Goodwin and Taylor, by their Letters to the Lords of the

and 31 Perches of Land in the old Inclosures; and Committee, declined to make such Experiments, and that the Whole of the Property of the Parties interested the Petitioner had Recourse to Mr. Desanges,

in the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided nominated by the Society of Aits and Manufactures, and inclosed consists of 396 Acres 2 Roods and 5 and to Mr. Jacob Mills, an eminent Practical Dyer in Perches of Land in the Common Fields, 53 Common London, with respect to Colours on Woollens, and to

Rights, 112 Pasture Gates, and 710 Acres 2 Roods Mr Gardner, an eminent Callicoe Printer at

ana Perches of old inclosed Lands, or thereabouts; JVandmorth, in Surrey, with respect to Cottons, who and that no Person appeared before the Committee* recommended to Mr. George Milne, the Person who to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone directs, and under whose Eye all the Experiments of through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereun- the Printfield are performed, to see it properly into, which they had directed him to report to the House; vestigated, and to certify accordingly; and that the and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Petitioner has, as he apprehends, in Conformity to delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the the said Recommendation of their Lordships of the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Committee, proceeded in further ascertaining the read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Practicability of his said Discoveries, and for that Pur-One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, pose has, at a very considerable Expence, made Two were agreed to by the House. Journies into the manufacturing Parts of Yorkshire

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and Lancashire, and demonstrated there, by various ingrossed. Experiments on the largest Scale, and to the perfect

Satisfaction of the most competent Judges, the Uti-A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ore lity. Beauty, and Fixity of sundry Colours, namely, thereunto subscribed, Owners of Estates or residing Black Drabs and Yellows dyed from such indigenous within the East Riding of the County of York, was Plants as may at all Times be found in the greatest presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Abundance in this Kingdom; and that their Lord-That the Road leading from the Navigation Bridge ships of the Committee were at the same Time pleased upon lValiingfen,through the Town of Howden, to a to authorize the Petitioner to hire, at their Expence,

Place called Booth Ferry, in the several Parishes of One or Two Acres of Land for the Cultivation of Howden and Eastringlon, and in the Parish or Paro- the Plant from which he draws his Red Colours, in chial Chapelry of Blacktqft, in the East Riding of the order to ascertain to what Degree the said Plant can County of York, and also the Road leading from be improved, and what the Expence of Cultivation; Howden aforesaid to Houdendyke, within the Parish of and that the Petitioner has made several Experiments Howden aforesaid, and in the said Riding, are in a very in Mr. William Gordon's Nursery Grounds, near Bow, ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and in Middlesex, and some have been made at Mr. Mai-incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, calm and Sons Ground, at Stockwell, in Surrey, which widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course demonstrate that the said Plant may be raised by of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Cultivation, exceedingly improved, and fn any Quan-given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and tity, and at a moderate Expence; and the Peti-keeping in Repair the said Roads, in such Manner, tioner trusts, that Certificates from the best Judges, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall and the Testimonials -or Representations from the seem meet. great manufacturing Towns of Rochdale, Saddleworth,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Huddersfield, Halifax, and Leeds, will be satisfactory Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- to the House, as they prove the Practicability of the amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Petitioner’s Designs, the Beauty and Fixity of his shall appear to them, to the House: Colours, and the low Rate at which they may be af-

And it is referred to Mr. JVUberforce, Mr. Dun- forded, and consequently the Importance to this combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- Country of his Discoveries, as promoting its Trade ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- and Manufactures, independent of the essential Sav-ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and ing of the Expence incurred to the Nation in the Records. Purchase of Foreign Dying Waresj and that it is

Vol. 46. 3 Q with

Dr. Gordon Petition.

1

with (the greatest Reluctance that the Petitioner finds it necessary to trouble the House with such a Variety <-.bf Documents relative to his Discoveries as he has ,now:submitted, or are otherwise ready to be produced, -hut be begs leave to solicit the patient Attention of the (House to those Particulars, as there does not appear, ,in his Opinion, ,a more adequate Mode of either ^enforcing with their due Weight the different Objects of his Petition, or presenting them in a Manner so -satisfactory; and that upon the Whole the Petitioner trusts die House will think be has done enough to , demonstrate that his Discoveries will each of them, ;as carried into Practice, be of great Consequence and Importance to the Commerce, Trade, and Manufactures of this Country: And therefore praying the House to resume the Consideration of the Premises, and to make such Orders, as well for his Indemni-.fiqadon and Remuneration therein, as for establishing the same upon a proper and advantageous Footing, for the Benefit of the Community, as to the House shall -seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Tittensor A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to

non*8 Pet*' Put *D Execution an Act of Parliament, made and on‘ jiassed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-.sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing into " One Act of Parliament the several Laws now in

"Force, for repairing the Road leading from the

Towp or Village of Tittensor, to the most Northern " Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the " County of Stafford, and for repairing the Road " from Darlastone Bridge over Tittensor Heath through " the Town or Village of Tittensor aforesaid," and also of the Creditors who have lent Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the Bars erected upon die said Roads by virtue of and under the said Act, and also of several other Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the County of Stafford, near to the said Road, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, apd read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act; and that there is now due and owing, upon tiic Credit of the said Act, the Sum of £. 3,100, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired and kept in Order, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged; and that there are large Manufactories of Earthen Ware, established and carried on in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, through which the said Turnpike Hoad passes, and it would be of great Public Utility', and of particular Convenience and Advantage to the Persons engaged in the said Manufactories, and all Persons residing in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, if the said Trustees were enabled to make and open a new Road, branching out of and leading from the said Turnpike Road, hi the said Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, at the House of James Warner,standing upon the said Road, known by the Sign of The Black Lion, to Shelton at

or near Cliff'cGate Bank, in the said Parish of Stoke upon Trent, which would open a more commodious Communication between the said Turnpike Road, and the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Xnccastle under Lyme, in the said County of Stafford, and would likewise considerably shorten the Distance for Carriage and Travelling, between the said Two Turnpike Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers granted

by the said Act, and also to enable the said Trustees to make, widen, and keep in Repair the said new Road, branching out of and leading from the stud Turnpike Road, in the said Parish of Stoke upon Trent, at or near the House of James Warner, known by the Sign of The Black iLioti,to Shelton Wharf, at or near Cliff e Gate Bunk, in the said Parish of Stoke upon Trent, with such suitable Powers and Provisions, and in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Lord George Cavendish, See.: And they’ are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clack, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Bewley, Co-for themselves, and on Behalf of the Land Owners and non, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Inverness, Boss, Cro- Helmsdale marly, Sutherland, Caithness, and the Orkney Islands, and Boroughs therein, being offered to he presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed! of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read;

Setting forth, That the large and rapid Rivers, called Bewley, Coma, and Helmsdale, run across the Country immediately to the Northward of Itrcerness from the Mountains to the East Sea, and it is the singular Condition of those Three Rivers to be absolutely without a Bridge from their Sources down to their respective Friths, from which uncommon Circumstance the large and populous Northern District above mentioned is sometimes utterly inaccessible, and always reached through dangerous Fords and Ferries, with great Inconveniency, and frequently with the Loss of Lives; and that the Funds and Abilities of the said District have been totally exhausted by making long Tracts of good Roads, and constructing numerous Bridges, some on large, and others on smaller Streams, without the Assistance hitherto of any Public Aid to effect those laborious and expensive Undertakings in the Counties to the Northward of the said Rivers, Two of which, vizBewley and Conon, run partly through, and partly contiguous to, Two of the most considerable of the late forfeited Estates, now restored to the Heirs of the former Proprietors; and that, during the Time the said Estates were in the Hands of the Public, the Commissioners appointed for their Management entered, at different Times, u|wn various Proceedings for building Bridges on the said Rivers Conon and Bewley, and paying the Expences out of the Rents of the said Estates; but those Rents having been, from Time to Time, otherwise applied, neither were the said Bridges, nor any other Public Work, carried on upon the said Northern Estates, nor in the Quarter of the Highlands where they lie, although their Rents were regularly levied for the Public, and were intended by Parliament for general Improvements in those Parts, as well as in other Quarters of Scotland;and that the late Grants of the forfeited Estates are charged with Payment, into the Exchequer in Scotland, of certain Sums subject to the future Disposition of Parliament, and, it being understood to he the Intention of Parliament to dispose of those Sums in useful and necessary Public Improvements in Scotland, the Bridges above mentioned are conceived to be primary Objects of that Description, as nearly serving to complete the only ti Part

31 Geo. III. 28° Februarii. 243

Part that now remains of a Line of Communication from one End of the Island to the other, and the Expence of building the aforesaid Bridges is computed at about £. 12,000: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum of £.12,000of the unexhausted Balance which is subject to the Disposition of Parliament, directed, by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to be paid into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by the several Persons to whom the forfeited Estates in are granted, towards

building Bridges over the Rivers , and

Helmsdale, in North Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Okehampton Mr. Pierrepont, from the Select Committee, who

Election were appointed to try and determine the Merits of

determined. tJie Petition of John St. and Robert Ladbroke;

and also, the Petition of John Anderson,

Esquire, and John Tozcnso Esquire; and also, the Petition of Thomas Bridgman Ltu moore, John Cadding, Noah Cartvright, and John Lane; and also, the Petition of ll’illiam Sprague, Thomas Heanes, Earle

the Younger, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to 6erve in Parliament for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, severally complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the Petitions did in Part depend upon the Right of chasing, nominating, or appointing, the Returning Officer, who was to make Return of such Election; and that thereupon the said Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee Statements in Writing of the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, for which they respectively contended.

That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Petitioners, John St. Leger, Esquire, and Robert Lad-broke, Esquire, delivered in a Statement as follows:

" We apprehend that the Mayor of the Town and " Borough of Okehampton, is the Returning Officer of " the said Borough — The Mayor is chosen by the " Capital Burgesses and Assistant Burgesses of the said " Borough, according to the Charters thereof."

That the Counsel for the Petitioners, John JVII-liam Anderson, Esquire, and John Esquire;

and also for the Petitioners, JVitliam Sprague, Thomas Htancs, William Earle the Younger, and the other Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Candidates, Messrs. Tounson and Anderson,

" and the Electors petitioning in their Interest, contend, that the legal Returning Officer of the Borough " of Okehampton is the Portreeve of the said Borough '*’ for the Time being."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the last mentioned Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Portreeve of the Borough of Okehampton is not the legal Returning Officer of the said Borough.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Petitioners, John St. Leger, Esquire, and Robert Ladbroke, Esquire, the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Mayor of the Town and Borough of Okehampton is the Returning Officer of the said Borough:

That the said Select Committee have also determined,

Vol. 4 6.

That John William Anderson, Esquire, is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Toumson, Esquire, is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That John St. Leger, Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That lloba't Ladbroke, Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough c

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John St. Leger, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Robert Ladbroke, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said several Petitions did not any of them appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Parties, any or either of them, to any or either of the said Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do okehampton attend this House, forthwith, with the Double Return Return to ha for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, amended* and amend the same, by taking off the File the Indenture by which John William Anderson, Esquire, and John

'Toumson, Esquire, are returned.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending. Amended, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown also, according to Poole Return Order, amended the Return for the Town and County amende<f of the Town of Poole.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and The Lords Mr. Eames: have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Indemnity Act to indemnify* such Persons as have omitted to Bill, qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions

28° Febmarii.

a. mi

of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to have passed enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon the Brand’s Es- Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Brand, Esquire, tate Bill. and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Byng’s Estate The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Bid. for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of the

Honourable Elizabeth Byng, deceased, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses to which the Estates so to be sold are subject; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Walford’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Divorce Bill. to dissolve the Marriage of the Younger,

with Sophia Elizabeth his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Brand’s Es- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An tate Bill read. Act to enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Brand, Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Far hill, Secre-Stock pur- tary to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National reducin^tke &ttended the Door; he was called in; and,

National at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Debt pre- Order,

sented. An Account of the Total Amount of Stock purchased by the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, as the same stood on the 1st Day of February, 1791, with the Annual Interest of the same; and also, an Account of the Monies issued to the said Commissioners between the 5th Day of July 1786 and the 1st Day of February 1791.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Oidered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Webb, from the Produce paid Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was into the Ex- in. an(j> at the gar presented to the House,

£1- to their Order,

cise pre- An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the iented. Exchequer of the Duties of Excise, from the 6th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1791, both Days inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce of every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or upwards. *

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, 'lhat such a Number of Copies of the said

Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Description Copy of a Paper delivered to the Right honourable of Norfolk Lord Grctrville, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secre- 0*^d

taries of State, by Lieutenant Governor King, dated the 10th of January 1791, containing a Description of Norfolk Island.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the American Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Trade Acta jesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain In- ^dered!*

" struments from being required from Ships belonging " to the United States of America, and to give to " His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers " for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and *' the Inhabitants of the said United States," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers " of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of *America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and - Plantations in " America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue the Laws now iu force for regulating the " Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging " to the United States of America, so far as the same " relate to tire Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the " Countries belonging to the said United States," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con^ar/’s* consider of the Petition of the United Company of petition* Merchants of England trading to The East , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for removing any Doubt respecting the Sale or Mortgage of Annuities, pursuant to an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the East India Company to " raise Money by a Sale.of Annuities, and by increasing " their Capital Stock."

And Mr. Rose moved the House accordingly.

Ordered\

Bill ordered.

Committee to consider of securing the Payment of Arrears of Dividends*

Bill to amend Act respecting Troops seut to the East Indies passed.

Peebles Roads Petition.

31 Geo. III. 2 8° FebruariL245

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill late Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An for removing any Doubt respecting the Sale or Mortgage " Act for repairing and widening the several Roads of Annuities, pursuant to an Act, made in the Twenty- u in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweed Cross sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blythe Bridge, intituled, "An Act to enable the East India Com- " La Mancha, and Wheam, and by Linton and " pany to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and by " until all the said Roads join the Limits of the " increasing their Capital Stock And that Mr. Rose, " County of Edinburgh;" and that another Act was Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Eliot, the Lord Bayham, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Henry present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and

Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, " widening the Roads from the Town of Peebles, to and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the " the King’s Eatedge and to Gatehope-know, same. " and to the Top of and to Loch head, in

" the County of Peeblesand that another Act was Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the to consider of authorizing the Lords Commissioners of " Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His Majesty’s Treasury, for the Time being, to issue a " the Rfeign of his late Majesty King George the certain Sum, by Way of Exchequer Bills, in case the " Second, for repairing and widening the several same should be found necessary, for further securing the " Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweeds punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends on " Cross towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blythe Account of the National Debt, whenever the same shall " Bridge, La Mancha, and IVheam, and from Inglistoun be demanded, be now read. " through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the

And the said Order being read accordingly; " Limits of the County of Edinburgh;" and that great

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Progress has been made in repairing and widening the Mr. Speaker left the Chair. , several Roads in the Acts above mentioned, and con-

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee. siderable Sums of Money have been expended thereon,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ' but the same cannot be farther improved or kept in

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they Repair, or the Money expended thereon repaid, unless had come to a Resolution; which they had directed the Terms and Powers in the aforesaid different Acts him to report, when the House will please to receive the mentioned be further continued and enlarged; and that same. it would greatly facilitate the making of good Roads

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow in the County of Peebles, and tend ' to the general Morning. Benefit of the said County, if farther and other rowers

were granted for regulating and applying the Statute An ingrossed Bill for altering and amending so much Labour for making the Roads, within the said County of of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His Peebles: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for removing any given to bring in a Bill for all or any of the Purposes " Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for above mentioned.

" the Affairs of India to direct that the Expence of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

" raising, transporting, and maintaining, such Troops Consideration of a Committee: And that they do " as may be judged necessary for the Security of the examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it " British Territories and Possessions in The East Indies, shall appear to them, to the House:

" should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising And it is referred to Mr. Montgomery, Mr.

" from the said Territories and Possessions; and for ney, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Momlimiting the Application of the said Revenues, in ing, at Nine of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber;

" the Manner therein mentioned," as relates to such and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and.

Directions as shall be given or approved by the said Records.

Commissioners, with respect to the Payment of certain

Proportions of His Majesty’s Forces in India, and of the A Petition of Robert Hunter, of the City of Lon- Sierra Leona European Forces of the East India Company, therein don, Merchant, Henry ,of the said City, Settlement

specified, was read the Third Time. Esquire, and Philip of the same City, Mer- eUtion-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title chant, for and on Behalf of themselves, and divers be, An Act for altering and amending so much of an others associated with them, was presented to the Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His Majesty’s House, and read; Setting forth, That it appearing to Reign, intituled, "An Act for removing any Doubt the Petitioners, that the establishing of a general " respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Trade and Commerce to and with the Western Coasts " Affairs of India to direct tlrat the Expence of raising, of Af and from thence to and with the several " transporting, and maintaining, such Troops as may interior Kingdoms and Countries of that Continent,

" be judged necessary for the Security of the British would not only prove advantageous to the several " Territories and Possessions in The East Indies, Persons engaged therein, but would be highly beneshould be defrayed out of the Revenues arising ficial to the Manufactories and other trading Interests " from the said Territories and Possessions; and for of this Kingdom, the Petitioners and several other " limiting the Application of the said Revenues, in Gentlemen and Merchants (already about One hunthe Manner therein mentioned," as relates to such dred in Number) have agreed to form themselves into.

Directions as shall be given or approved by the a Company, by the Name of The Saint George’s Bay said Commissioners, with respect to the Payment of Company, and to raise a Capital for the Purpose of en-certain Proportions of His Majesty’s Forces in India, deavouring to establish and carry on such Trade; and of the European Forces of the East India Company, and that, to enable them to carry their Intentions into '

therein specified. Execution, the Petitioners conceive it would not be

Ordered, That Mr. Henty Dundas do carry the Bill only necessary for them to obtain an Act of Parliament to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. for the Purpose, of creating them a Body Corporate

but also that they should have the sole Use, Property A Petition of the Freeholders, Landowners, and and Possession, of and in a certain Tract or District of others, of the County of Peebles, was presented to the Land on the said Coast of Africa, whereon they might House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was erect Houses, Warehouses, and Places of Security, for passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his the Persons in their Service, and for the shipping,

Vox.. 46. 3 R unshipping,

Motions

respecting the War in India with Tippoo Sfcltan:

244? 28° FebruariL A. 1791.

unshipping, and storing of the Merchandize and Effects to be employed by them in the Course of their Trade; and that the Peninsula of Sierra Leona, some Part whereof hath lately been purchased of the Princes of Africa for the Use of His Majesty, appears to the Petitioners, of all Places on the said Coast, to be most convenient for the Purposes of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, whereby it may be enacted, that they and all Persons now' associated, or hereafter to be associated with them, may be and become a Body Corporate in Deed and in Name, for the Purposes of establishing and carrying on of a Trade or Commerce to, from, and between, this Kingdom and1 the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, by the Name of The Saint Georges Bay Company, with all usual Powers, Privileges, and Regulations, usually contained in such Acts of Parliament, and further, with a Clause or Clauses to be contained therein, whereby His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, may be enabled to make a Grant unto the said Company of so much and such Part of the said Tract or District, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, as hath already, by any Purchase or Cession, become vested in His Majesty, with fall Power for the said Company tb purchase of and all Kings, Princes, or other Powers, having Right to make Sale thereof, so much of the adjoining Land as shall include the whole Tract or District, so commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, as the same is bounded on the North by the River Sierra Leona, on the South by the River Caramanca, on the East by the River Bunce, and on the West by the Sea, and contains an Extent about Thirty Miles square, little more or less, to hold the same, and the whole Use, Property, and Possession thereof, unto the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, under such Terms, Conditions, and Restrictions, as His Majesty slmll judge expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resohed, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the t5th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation and " Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and " for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more u speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of " Offences committed in The East ," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House of the 28th Day of May 1782, of the 1st, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 23d, and 44th, of the Resolutions which had been reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Reports from the Committees of Secrecy, relating to the Affairs of the East India Company, and which were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the present War with Tippoo Sultan appears to have originated in the Purchase of Ctanganore and Ayacotiah of the Dutch, by the Rajah of;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, on the 14th of June 1789, the Rajah of Traoancore informed the Government of Madras of the Approach of Tippoo S against Cranganore, then in Possession of the Dutch, of whom he demanded the Surrender; and that. On the 31st July following, and pending the Issue of the said Demand, the Rajah

purchased the said Fort of the Dutck Government of

Cochin;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, on the 17th of August 1789, the Governor of Fort Saint George informed the Rajah of his Disapprobation of the said Purchase, giving his Opinion, " That " it would irritate Tippoo Sultan, and appear as a collusive Transaction," and-further, " That the Government of Madras would not support him in any Contests in which he might engage, beyond the Limits of " his own Possessions

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Rajah of Traoancore informed the Government of Madras, that he had concluded the said Purchase with the Advice and Approbation of the preceding Governor, Sir Archibald Campbell, whereas if is affirmed by Sir Archibald Campbell, in his Letter to the Court of Directors, dated 20th September 1790, " That he neither countenanced nor advised the Rajah " in the Purchase of Cranganore and and

it is asserted by the Court of Directors, " That nothing " appeared on the Madras Records to corroborate the " Assertion of the Rajah relative to those Places having " been purchased by him in Consequence of Sir Archibald Campbells Advice;"

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Governor General and Council of Bengal, in their Letter of the 29th September 1789, have declared " their entire Disapprobation of the " Conduct of the Rajah of Traoancore," and that his engaging " in any new Connection, either with the " Diitch or the Rajah of Cochin, must not only be " highly offensive to Tippoo, but might justly be con-K sidered as direct Infractions of the late Treaty of " Peace;" and that, in their Letter of the 6th December 1789, they have farther declared, that, " of whatever Importance the Two Places might appear to " the Defence of the Territories of the Rajah of Travancore, it could not be opposed to the serious Consequences of a War;"

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the first Hostility on the Lines of Traoancore, on the 29th of December 1789, was spontaneously, and almost instantly disavowed, by Tippoo Sultan, in his Letter to the Governor of Fort Saint George, of the 1st of January following, wherein he states, " that the Attack " was occasioned by the Rajah’s People having fired first on his Troops, that thereupon the Lines were " invested, that he ordered his Troops to discontinue " the Attack, and sent back some People whom they " had captured and brought with themand by a Letter of the Government of Saint George, of the 17th February following, it is also 6tated, " that the *f Conduct of Tippoo Sultan since that Period (vis. 29th " of December)had been conformable to such Disavowal,

K for although his Army was still encamped near the " Lines, nothing hostile had been committed against " them, nor had there been any Movement against " Cranganore or Ayacottah

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, by the Letters of the Rajah of of the 1st of March 1790, it appears that "from the 29th December, Tippoo Sultan continued quiet," and x that

— ra_________

31 Geo. III.

28° Feb martI — 1°

247

that on the ist of March, the Rajah’s People advanced Then the main Question, so amended, being put, from his Lines (that is, beyond the acknowledged That it does not appear to have been an adviseable Boundary of his Dominions) in order to demolish and Measure for defeating any supposed ambitious Projects destroy certain Preparations, said to be making by Tippoo of Tippoo , to hazard the Consequences of Ot-Sultan to form a Battery, and that an Engagement took fensive Alliances with the Mahrattas and the Nizam, Place; avowing a Partition of Conquests in the Terms of the

And the previous Question being put, That that Ques- late Treaties concluded with those Powers, in Behalf of the East India Company, by the Supreme Government of Bengal;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That jt is the Opinion of this House, that it is the

tion be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears by the Letter of the 3d January

1790, from the Government of Madras, that, in therr

Opinion, " The Purchase of Cranganore and Ayacottah Duty of the Directors of the East India Company, and *might naturally be supposed to give Umbrage to of the Board of Controul, to transmit such Orders to the " Tippoo Sultan, and that the Company ought not to Company’s Servants in India, as may tend most speedily be committed in the Defence of Places furtively to procure Peace with Tippoo Sultan on moderate and " obtained; — that it appeared highly inconsistent to equitable Terms;

" suffer the rash, imprudent, and unreasonable Con- And the previous Question being put, That that Ques-41 duct of the Rajah to involve us, and that his Con- tion be now put;

duct was unwarrantable on every Principle of Policy It passed in the Negative.

and Justice And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an posed. That it apf>ears by the Orders of the 13th additional Duty on Sugar imported into this King-November 1789, and 8th February 1790, from the Go- dom.

vernment of Bengal, " That if the Right of the Dutch Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply " to Cranganore and Ayacottah could be ascertained, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred. " the Transfer should be deemed valid and just, whole House, to consider further of the Supply grantand the Rajah’s Possession maintained and de- ed to His Majesty.

" fendedResolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways and And the previous Question being put, That that Ques- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means tion be now put; House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for def*rred-

It passed in the Negative. raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.'

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Sugar Doty ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bin deferred.

That, from the Commencement of those Transactions to the latest Period of Advice, there appeared to be an Opening, from the Letters of Tippoo Sultan himself, to have adjusted the Difference between him and the Rajah of Traxancorre, by a fair and honourable Negoci-ation through the Alediation of the British Government;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Expences of the War must be felt, in a very serious Degree, distressing to all our Governments in India, and greatly over-balancing any probable Advantages from Success, the Governor General and Council having given their Opinion on the 29th of August 1789, " That the Contest, even if attended

And then the House, having continued to sit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martisy 1* die Martii;

Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 1791.

Praters.

with the utmost Success, cannot prove advantageous ZT Heyman, the Younger, took the Oaths Heyman " to our Affairs in that Country;" and General ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- J — *- l:~ xt-- ——

sworn.

appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Mcdous, in his Letter of the 14th August 1790, having

declared his Opinion, M That it would be (Economy at The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Pontefract " any Expence to shorten the War, for we must be the Petition of Charles Mellish and John Anstruther, Election " undone by Procrastination;" Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons Petl?‘01is.

It passed in the Negative. _ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Free- consl ere

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- holders of Burgage Tenure, within the Borough of Pon-posed. That it does not appear to have been an advise- tefract, in the County of and as such Electors of able Measure^ for defeating any supposed ambitious Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough,

Projects of Tippoo Sultan, to depart from the settled complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Maxim of the Company’s Policy, so solemnly sane- said Borough, being come;

tioned by Parliament, and to hazard the Consequences The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select of Offensive Alliances with the Mahrattas and the Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Nizam, avowing a Partition of Conquests in the Terms petitions.

of the late Treaties concluded with those Powers, in The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to Behalf of the East India Company, by the Supreme go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require Government of Bengal; the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One

Question, by leaving out the Words " to depart from the settled Maxim of the Company’s Policy, so so lemnly sanctioned by Parliament, and"

And the Question being put, That the Words pro- hundred and Forty-one Members being present; posed to be left out stand Part of the Question; The Counsel and Agents were called in to the

It passed in the Negative. Bar,

Vol. 46. And

Mr. Taylor, elect* for Poole.

Heytesbury

Writ.

Prport on Kellington Inclosure Bill further considered.

Burford Hoads Bill reported.

248 1° Martii* 1791.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Thirty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Charles Bragge, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to*.

And the Name of the Right honourable William ham being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Name of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer being drawn, he again stated to the House the like Reasons which he offered to the House on Thursday last, and he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Five on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Nine against whose Election Petitions were depending; Eight as then serving on Select Committees; and Six on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Boole, in the County of Dorset, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Heytesbury, in the county of 'Wilts, made his Election to serve for the said Town of Poole.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make -out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the said Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship, Liberty, or Township of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to empower the Vicar to lease his Allotment.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilbraham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from Burford aforesaid to

the Turnpike Road leading to Stow, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swer-ford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the Turnpike

Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk s Table; Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Ings, Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Tadcaster, in the County of York, and County of the City of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of George Townend, of the City of York, Gentleman; and also, the Petition of Sarah Fairfax, Widow, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied With; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true'; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at 9 4 d. per Annum,

who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owner of an Estate assessed at £. 2. 10 s. per Annum, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at 80. 17 4i d. per Atu mm, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Lord Cornwallis, dated 7th July 1789, referred to in the First Article of the Treaty with the Nizam, and said to be equivalent to a Fourth Treaty.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Searchers, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire, in the County of York, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reiga of King James the First, for the good Order and Government of the Makers of Knives, Sickles, Sheers, Scissors, and other Cutlery Wares, in the Lordship or

Liberty

Tadcaster

Inclosure Bill reported.

Lord Cora* wallis’s Lftfo ter referred to in the Nizam Treaty ordered.

Hallarashire Cutlers Corporation Petition reported.

31 Geo. III. 1° Martii.

249

Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, was read; whereby it appeared, that several Powers are granted for those Purposes, and for preventing Frauds and Deceits being committed in those Manufactures: And,

Mr. George Wood being examined, said, That divers Frauds and Deceits are frequently committed in the said Manufacture, by one Manufacturer striking or using the Mark o another Manufacturer, and the Powers of the Act are insufficient to prevent such Frauds and Deceits — That it would greatly tend to the Increase and Improvement of the said Manufacture if the Manufacturers were allowed to take and retain a greater Number of Apprentices at one Time than is allowed by the said Act, and if such of the Manufacturers as are not Owners of the Work themselves were allowed to take and keep Apprentices. — And the Witness added, That the said Act is in other Respects defective.

Mr. William Nutlall being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberties of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberties, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Norfolk Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to

W°BtV|,nib" w*lom Fie Fill for more effectually preventing Frauds rrporud, and an<* Abuses committed by Persons employed in the rt-cora- Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, nutted. in the County of Norfolk, and City of and

County of the same City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

First Repert Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Select Committee, appointed for the Purpose of taking the Exa-Witnfsses mination of such Witnesses as shall be ordered by the respecting House to attend the Committee of the whole House,

the slave to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave

irade. Trade, and to report the Minutes of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Bermondsey Lord William Russell reported from the Committee,

Poor Petition to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Over-repurted. seers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it ap-V o L. 46.

pcared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for ascertaining and collecting ti e Poors Rates, and for better regulating the Poor in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Carter being examined, said, That the Poor of the said Parish are of late greatly increased, and that the Workhouse is very much out of Repair, and not sufficiently large and convenient for the Reception and Employment of the Poor applying to be relieved. — And he added, That some Alterations and Amendments are wanting, in order more effectually to carry the said Act into Execution. — Then,

Mr. Beriah Drew being examined, said, That certain Estates belonging to the said Parish are vested in certain Persons or Bodies Corporate for charitable Purposes, and that it would be beneficial to the said Parish if the said Estates were vested in the Governors and Directors of the Poor, with proper Powers to grant Leases of the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for ascertaining " and collecting the Poors Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Mary dalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey," and for other the Purposes therein mentioned: And that Lord William Russell and Mr. William Clement Finch do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported Great Kine-from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and 1 **e Commonable Land and Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Kineton, otherw ise Kington, in the County of Warwick,called Great Kineton Field, wa3 committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inciosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined foe Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where foe Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Com- King’* Lynn mittee, to whom the Petition of William Case, Esquire, f>avi,g Mayor of the Town and Borough of Kings Lynn, tlonal Fet‘", in the County of Norfolk, and of the several other loarcpor Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to foe House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of foe said Petition,

Mr. Robert Whincop being examined, said. That it

3 S would

Saint Pan-eras Paving Bill committed

Wal ford’s Divorce Bill read.

Committee appointed for regulating the Temperature of the Air in the House.

Report Resolution relative to securing the Payment of Arrears of Dividends.

250 I. Martil A. 1791.

would be of Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, if Provision was to be made in the Bill now depending for paving, lighting, and watching the same, for licensing and regulating Hackney Chairmen within the said Town and Borough, and ascertaining their Fares.

Ordered, That it ,be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Town and Borough of Kings in the County of Norfolk, and for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, and for altering and improving the Streets, Lanes, Public Passages, and Ways, within the said Town and Borough, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for licensing and regulating Hackney Chairmen within the said Town and Borough.

same shall be found necessary, for further securing tha punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends on Account of die National Debt, whenever the same shall be demanded.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for applying to the Public Service the Sum of £.500,000 out of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England from Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends on Account of the National Debt, and for securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded, That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, " watering, and watching the Streets, and other " Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of " Saint Pancras, in the County of , as lies

" on the West Side of Tottenham Court Road, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and " for obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said " Road to pave, repair, and cleanse such Part of the " said Road as is therein described," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That' the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-rearing, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, to dissolve the Marriage of John lValford, the Younger, with Sophia Elizabeth Jeanes, his now Wife, and to enable hun to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the best Method for regulating the Temperature of the Air in the House of Commons:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. James Martin, Mr. Galley Knight, Mr. Annesley, Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe, Mr. Pouys, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Windham, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Baker, Mr.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Jackson, General Murray, Mr. Vansit-tart, Mr. Murray, Colonel Phipps, Mr. Beaufoy, Sir George Howard, Mr. Goddard, Sir Mr.

Phelips, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Smyth, Mr. Vyner, the Earl of Carysfort, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Rose, Mr. Adams: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-' ferred to consider of authorizing the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for the Time being, to issue a certain Sum, by Way of Exchequer Bills, in case the same should be found necessary, for further securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends oh Account of the National Debt, whenever the same shall be demanded, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for the Time being, be authorized to issue a certain Sum, by Way of Exchequer Bills, in case the

ti

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Con^isslot^ House, upop the Bill for appointing Commissioners et~^{^slon" for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid " to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in " Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on America* to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year Trade Acts of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being " required from Ships belonging to the United States " of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited " Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on " Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s- Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said " United States;" and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of an " Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for " the better carrying on Trade and Commerce " between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions " and the Inhabitants of the United States of America,

" to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with " the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with " respect to certain Articles therein mentioned and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue the Laws now in " Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects " of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of " the Territories belonging to the United States of " America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and " Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the " Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said " United States," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That

he

SI Geo. III. 1° — 2° 251

be was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Kcpoited. Mr. Rose, accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Rill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And Mr. Rose moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Lord Bayham, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Kfliff to Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; v'lvci? °* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to wU h may consider of granting Relief to the Owners of Vessels be seized. which may be seized.

Fast India Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the l H°use> according to Order, a Bill for removing any

tailed.*' Doubt respecting the Sale or Mortgage of Annuities,

pursuant to an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the East India Company to raise " Money by a Sale of Annuities, and by increasing " their Capital StockAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Byng’*Estate An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill read- for vessing the Estates devised by the Will of the Honourable Elizabeth Byng, deceased, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses to which the Estates so to be sold are subject, was read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of Burgage Tenure within the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, and as such Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel und Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for bearing the Trials of controverted Elec- tions.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee w hole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon °n the 21st Day of February last, That Leave be given to Dissenter* c bring in a Bill to relieve, upon Conditions and under Bill; Restrictions, Persons called Protesting Catholic Dissenters, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Thomas Stanley accordingly reported from the Reported, said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, Persons called Protesting Catholic Dissenters, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by LaW subject.

And Mr. Thomas Stanley moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, NemineContradicente, That Leave be given B»ll

to bring in a Bill to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, Persoos called Protesting Catholic Dissenters, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley,

Mr. Mitford, Mr. Windham, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Pontefract The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Flection returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the IpTinud* sa‘(* Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Charles Bragge, Esquire, and the Right honourable William Windham being added, the same was called over; and js as follows:

The Lord Arden, Henry Thornton, Esquire, Francis Annesley, Esquire, John William Egerton, Esquire, Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe, Baronet, James Butler, Esquire, the Honourable George Fulke Lyttelton, Sir George Beaumont, Baronet, the Earl of Carysfort, Lieutenant Colonel Harry Burranl, Sir William Mordaunt Milner, Baronet, the Honourable John Thomas the

Earl of Courtown, Charles Bragge, Esquire, the Right honourable William Windham.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Charles Mellish and John Anstruther, Esquires; and also, of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names Vox,. 46.

Mercurii,2* die Martii;

Anno 31® Georgii inm Regis, 1791.

Praters.

SIR Gilbert Eliot reported from the Select Committee, Report from appointed to try and determine the Merits of the iWey Elec* several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and tu?n ("ora* Double Return for the Borough of Fowey, in the County ^ectfn/*the of Cornwall; That the said Committee met this Morning Hines* of a at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of near Relation Yesterday, when the Chairman received a Letter from ^Un~

Lord Viscount Duncunnon, One of the Members of the Said Committee, stating, that the sudden Indisposition of a very near Relation had prevented him from attending his Duty on the said Committee this Day; and that the said Select Committee then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the House being informed that Mr. Walker,

Apothecary, attended at the Door, who could give

the

2° Martii. A. 1791.

Petition in favour of Clown and Budby Road Bill.

Kippax Inclosure Bill passed.

Tadcaster Inclosure Bill passed

Hcyman's Nat. Bill committed.

Haverfordwest Roads Petition again reported.

the House Information respecting the Illness of the Person alluded to; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Excuse now made on Behalf of the said Lord D uncannon, for his Non-attendance, be allowed; and that he have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Rotherham, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for making, widening, altering, and repairing, the lioad from the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham aforesaid to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, at or near Clown, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road leading from Worksop, in the said County of Nottingham, to Kelham, in the same County, at or near Budby, in the said County of Nottingham: And praying, That the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, a Common Stinted Pasture, called The Town Close, and a certain Common or Waste, called The Hollings, within the Manor and Township of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Rtsolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, a Common Stinted Pasture, called The Town Close, and a certain Common or Waste, called The Hollings, within the Manor and Township of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Opien Common Fields, Common Ings, Stinted Pasture, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Tadcaster, in the County of York, and County of the City of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Ings, Stinted Pasture, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Tadcaster, in the County of York, and County of the City of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and des're their Concurrence.

A Bill for naturalizing Henry Heyman, the Younger, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. John Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Pembroke, was referred, for the Purpose of examining so much of the Matter thereof as relates to the Road from Jordanston Water to the City of Saint David's, being Part of the Road from Saint David's to Fishguard; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been

complied with in respect to such Road; and had also examined so much of the Matter of the said Petition as relates thereto, which they had directed him to repoit to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’3 Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth»

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Rees Stokes being examined, said, That he knows the Road from Jordanston JVoter to the City of Saint David's, being Part of the Road from Saint David's to Fishguard, to be in a ruinous Condition, and that the same cannot be repaired and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Haverfordwest, through the Town of Fishguard, to the Town of Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and also from the Town of Fishguard, towards the City of Saint David's, so far as a certain Place called Jordanston Water, in the said County of Pembroke, is committed.

That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Jordanston Water to the City of Saint David's, being Part of the Road from David's to Fishguard.

Mr. John Campbell reported from the Committee, to Merlin's whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Bridge and and others, of the County of Pembroke, was referred; p^^eti-That the Committee had examined, and found that the tion reported. Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the sriid Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Road leading from Merlins Bridge through the Village of Johnson to Stainton, in the County of Pembroke, is greatly out of Repair, and in many Parts narrow ana incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

And the said Member further said, that there is not at present any Public High Road from Stainton to the Place where a new Town (to be called AUlford) is intended to be built, by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and that the amending and widening the aforesaid Piece of Road, and making a public Carriage Road from thence to the said new Town, will be of great Benefit to all Persons who may have Occasion to pass between Merlins Bridge and the said new Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opening a new Road from Milford, in the County of Pembroke, to Stainton, and for amending and widening the Road from the said new Road, through Stainton and Johnson, to Alerlin's Bridge, in the same County:

And that Mr. John Campbell, the Lord Milford, and the Lord Kensington,do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to whom Southampton the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several Church I'cti-of the Inhabitants, of the Parish of All Saints, in the tion reporle Town of the County of the Town of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Groves being examined, said, That he surveyed the Pansh Church of All Saints about a Month ago,

and

31 Geo. III. 2° Mar

r-

and found it to be a very ancient Building! and so ruinous as to be dangerous to perform Divine Service therein, and he advised the Churchwardens to shut it up. — And he added, That it will be necessary to take down and‘rebuild the said Church, and also the Tower and Steeple belonging thereto.

Mr. George Byfield being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Pur-

pose of a Church Yard, for the Use of the soid Parish: And that Air. Amyatt and Air. Henry Martin do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Petitions in Inhabitants of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County filvour the of Gloucester: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ter Canal thereunto subscribed, being Owners an,d Occupiers of Bill.

Mills on the River Airow\

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice , of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law. "

And the said Petitions w'ere severally ordered' to lie upon the Table.

Lord Corn- The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Manu*. Petition from referred* ^ie directors of the East India Company, attended at facturers of the Town of Birmingham, in the County Birmingham

tom^the* the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ^‘nst

Nizam Trea- to the House, pursuant to their Order, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

4;presented. Copy of a Letter from Lord Cornwallis, dated 7th That the Petitioners are informed an Application is

July 1780, referred to in the First Article of the Treaty making to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for with the Nizam, making a New Canal Navigation from the Town of.

And then he withdrew. Birmingham to the River Severn, at Diglis, near Wor-

A nd the Title of the said Paper was read. cester, in a similar Direction to that which was offered

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to and rejected by Parliament in the last Session; and to be perused by the Members of the House. that there has been already made and completed, at a

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said very large Expence, One Communication by Water Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of from the Town of Birmingham to Worcester, by Means.

Harlow and Stump Cross Road Bill leported.

the Alembers of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chesterjord, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which the}' had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Traffoi .]’g Name Bill committed.

of the present Birmingham and Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canals, which latter falls into the River Severn at Stourport, and another Communication is now making, under the Sanction of Parliament, and nearly finished, between those Places and the several extensive Collieries on the Upper Line of the said Birmingham. Canal, by Aleans of the Junction of the Dudley and Birmingham Canals at Tipton, which will be fully sufficient to answer every good and useful Purpose of Water Conveyance between the Town of Birmingham and Worccster, and the City of Worcester, and other Places down the River Severn may be thereby supplied with Coals from the Mines lying at a Distance from Birmingham, instead of taking them from that Town, and upon as cheap Terms as by the proposed Canal, and the Petitioners conceive the proposed new Canal is calculated to answer the private Views of the Schemers thereof, and not founded on Principles either of Necessity or real Public Utility; and that Birmingham is a large and populous Town, in which various Manufactories in Iron and other Metals are established- and carried on, and such Manufactories depend upon, and cannot be advantageously prosecuted without, a regular Supply of Coals at a moderate Price; and that Coals have been, for some Time past, and now are, sold at a considerable advanced Price at the said Town, and the Petitioners are fully satisfied, that the proposed Canal, if made, will increase the Price of Coals, and prove highly injurious to the Trade and Alanufactories of the said Town: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by

Bermondsey Pi-or Bill presented.

A Bill to enable Dame Jane Trafford, Widow and

Relict of Sir Cleme/it Trafford, Knight, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Southwell, pursuant to the Will of Edward Southwell, Esquire, deceased, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Anstruther. Sir Thomas Dundas, Ac.: And they are to meet Counsel, against the same, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers A Petition of the Merchants, Afannfacturers, and Petition from Chamber. principal Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, Wolver-

in the County of Stafford, was also presented to the hamPt0" # Lord iniliam Russell presented to the House, ac- House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application j^nst D cording to Order, a Bill for amending and enlarging mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and Setting the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, forth, That the Petitioners conceive the proposed new

~ ~ Canal is projected, not with a View to open a Communication with any new Mines or new Markets, but to operate as a parallel Navigation with those which have been already formed for great and important Purposes, and at a very large Expence and great Hazard to the Undertakers thereof, and that the Pro-

made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Rates,

O O /%

" and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of " Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey" and for other the Purposes therein

mentioned: And the same was received; and read the jectors of the proposed Canal have founded the Utility First Time. . of their Scheme on the imperfect State of the River

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time* Severn, between the Termination of the Staffordshire Vol. 16. and

A. 1791.

254 2° Marl'd.

and Worcestershire Canal at Slourport and Digits near ’, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at

Worcester;and that the Petitioners beg Leave to the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the observe, that in the last Session of Parliament, an Act said Petitions, was passed empowering and directing the Company of

Proprietors of the Staffordshire and ^WorcestershireCanal A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Petition

Navigation to improve the Navigation of the River Inhabitants of the Borough of , in the against the

Severn, between Stourport and Diglis aforesaid, which County of ,was presented to the House, and Giouceslr*1*

Improvements are now carrying on, and the Petition- read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, understand- Pill.

«rs cannot help expressing their Surprize at finding ing that a Bill is depending before the House for the same Scheme 8gain offered to Parliament, after its making a Navigable Canal from or near the City of being so recently rejected by the House, without wait- Hby the Way of , to the City of ing the Event of the Severn Improvements taking Gloucester, and a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to Place; and that the Petitioners conceive the proposed the Town of beg Leave to represent to the

Canal will operate as a Discouragement to the Im- House, that it appears to the Petitioners, that the provement of the Severn Navigation, which is now Objects proposed by such Canal and Collateral Cut will carrying on at the Expence of the Proprietors of the by no Means be adequate to the great Expence of 1 Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, with- carrying it into Execution, and consequently will not

out burthening the Public with any Toll or Duty on be of Public Utility, and that the Injuries done to that Account, which will be highly injurious to Trade private Property, and to the Securities for Money and Commerce, and the Petitioners apprehend that advanced upon Turnpike Tolls, will be so great, that no Advantage is likely to be derived from the proposed the Petitioners conceive nothing but a Certainty of great Canal, adequate to the great Injury which a Number Public Utility can justify the Application for making of Individuals and the Public at large will sustain the proposed Canal and Collateral Cut: And therefore therefrom: And therefore praying, That the said Bill praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against may not pass into a Law. such Bill, and the several Parts thereof.

'Petition A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the On/era/, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, against the Stourbridge Navigation, was likewise presented to the

and worces^ House, and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Far- Ditto, ter Canal an Art, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of mers, and others, Proprietors and Occupiers of Land

fiili. His present Majesty, the Petitioners have made and on or near the Line of an intended Navigable Canal

'Completed a Navigable Canal from the Town of Stour- from the City of Hereford, to communicate with the bridge, with Two Collateral Cuts from the Coal Mines River Severn at the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral

in the Neighbourhood thereof, to join the Staffordshire Cut from the said Canal to the Town of Newent,

and Worcesterskise Canal at Stourton, in the County of in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the

Stafford, at an Expence of upwards of £.50,000, and House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for which said Canal of the Petitioners also unites with the making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, and by Means of the Extension of the said City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a Col-DudteyCanal, which is now nearly completed, & Coni- lateral Cut from the same to the Town of Newent, in munication will be opened between the said Staffordshire the County of Gloucester; and Representing to the and Worcestershire Canal and the Birmingham Canal House, That the Scheme of the said intended Canal is at Tipton, and a complete Canal Navigation will be merely speculative, and by no Means ascertained so as formed between the Town of Birmingham and the to justify the Undertaking, and that the Land in River Severn, Fifteen Miles nearer than by the present general, through which the said Canal is intended to Navigation by Autherley; and that the great Object of pass, is very rich Meadow and Pasture Ground, great the Petitioners in making the said Canal was to sup- Part thereof fertilized by the adjacent Streams of ply the City of Worcester, and the other Towns and Water, which will be either destroyed or rendered Places on the River Severn, and also the Counties -of useless by the said Canal; and that the Land and Worcester, Gloucester, Warwick, and Hereford, with Property of several of the Petitioners, from the peculiar Coals from the extensive Coal Mines lying upon and Situation thereof, will be more injured and affected by near to the line of such Canal, and which Object has the said Canal than any other Individual having Land been effected with great Advantage to the Public; on or near the said Line, and all the Lands on or near and that it is with great Surprize and Concern that the the Line will be considerably lessened in Value, and Petitioners find that an Application hath been made rendered extremely incommodious in the Cultivation to Parliament, in the present Session, for a Bill for thereof; and that the Line of the said Canal is nearly making a Canal from or near the Town of Birming- Central to (and at only a short Distance from) the ham to the River Severn, at or near Diglis, near to the Navigable Rivers Severn and which, it is pre-City of Worcester,on a Plan similar to the One brought suraed, are amply sufficient and convenient for the into and rejected by Parliament in the last Session; Uses and Purposes of the surrounding Country: And and that such Canal, if carried into Effect, will be therefore praying. That they may be heard, by Counsel, attended with very injurious Consequences to the Peti- against the Principle, as well as against certain Parts, turners, without affording, as the Petitioners appre- of the said Bill.

bend, a Prospect of any real Advantage to the Public, A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and D*tt0-which they are not already in Possession of, by Means others, Inhabitants in or near the Market Town of of the present existing Canals: And therefore praying, Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, was also presented That they may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass the said Bill; and Representing to the House, That into a Law. the Scheme of the said intended Canal is merely spe-

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to culative, and by no Means ascertained, so as to justify

lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making the Undertaking, and it is very uncertain whether any

and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or Colliery can be established at or near Newent, and, if the , v

from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the same should take Effect, the Coals produced therefrom 1

County of Warwick, to communicate with the are of such an inferior and bad Quality, it is presumed

River Severn,near to the City of Worcester, be they would be unfit for general Use; and that the read a Second Time; and the First and last Turnpike Tolls of Ledbury aforesaid will be materially mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by lessened, whereby the Securities thereon, amounting at their Counsel or Agents, against the said BUI, present to £.5,000 and upwards, will be greatly in-upon their Petitions, if they think fit. jured; that the Markets and Trade of Ledbury will

12 he

31 Geo. III.

2° Mar

255

be wholly lost, and many of the Inhabitants thereof Sir IVodehouse presented to the House, accord- Kind's Lynn ruined, and the Property of many Land Proprietors ing to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act of the (East Gate) and Landholders, on the Line of the intended Canal, Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and Roads BUI will be greatly injured, particularly so as such Line widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Bo- Presente

runs through a very rich Tract of Land, the greater rough of King's into the Parishes of Gey ton and Part whereof is Meadow and Pasture Ground fertilized , and to the Gate next on

by the adjacent Streams of Water, which will either Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in be destroyed or rendered useless by the said Canal; the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and that the Estimate for making the said Canal is by and read the First Time.

no Means adequate to the Execution of the Scheme, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, and the present Subscriptions bear but a small Proportion to such Estimate, and that the Projectors of A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Bicester and the intended Canal themselves aver the Scheme cannot passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present be carried into Execution for less than f. i oo,oooo, Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from committed, although the present Estimate is no more than Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the jf-74,581. 18tf. 4 d.;and that the Line of the said County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Canal is nearly Central to (and at only a short Dis- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ber-tance from) the Navigable Rivers Severn and JVye, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet

which are, it is presumed, amply sufficient and con- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s venient for all the Uses and Purposes of the Inha- Chamber, bitants of the surrounding Country: And therefore

praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester and the Principle, as well as against certain Parts, of the the Market Place in Bicester, in the County of Ox- AynhoRoad said Bill. ford, to the Turnpike Road in in the County Bill com-

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to of Northampton, was read a Second Time. nutted.

1 lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ber-

Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be nard, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet

then heard, by their Counsel, against the said this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit. Chamber.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Mr. Bernard presented to the House, pursuant to Letters, &c. said Petitions. their Orders, from Gover-

N° 1. Extracts of a Letter from Governor Phillip to nor Deal Paving Mr. Gipps presented to the House, according to the Right honourable Lord Sydney, dated Sydney Cove, JJevfsourti

Bill present- Order, a Bill for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the 12th February 1790: And also, Wales — and

<d- Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and N° 2. Extract of a Letfer from Governor Phillip to Description

Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for re- the Right honourable Lord Sydney, dated Sydney Cove, moving and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, 13th 1790: And also, 5 a' "r*~

Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

N° 3. Extracts of a Letter from Governor Phillip to

Island, presented.

Egginton ]nr insure Bill reported.

the Right honourable Lord Sydney, dated Sydney Cove, April 1 ith, 1790: And also,

N° 4. Extract from Instructions given by Governor Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Phillip to the Lieutenant Governor, during his Command

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Egginton, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

at Norfolk Island, dated 2d March 1790: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Paper, delivered by Lieutenant Governor King, dated 10th January 1791, containing a Description of Norfolk Island.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, N0rf0jk to whom the Bill for more effectually preventing Woolcombers Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed recommitted in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted 8,11 reported' Yam, in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, and County of the same City, was re-committed;

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the had directed him to report the same to the House, Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the without any other Amendment; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

presented.

Kind’s Lynn Sir John JFodchouse presented to the House, accord-(South Gate) ing Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an ingrossed.

Hoads Bill of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for

repairing and widening the several Roads from the A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for King’s Con-

South Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, senttoKel-Parishes of East Hralton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Meadows, Ings, Pastures, and other Commonable hngton inclo-Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk:And the Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship, Li- sure Bill, same was received; and read the First Time. berty, or Township of Kellington, in the West Riding

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. of the County of be now read the Third Time;

Vox.. 46. Mr.

Kellington Inclosure Bill passed.

Cawnove and Batard’s Nat. Bill passed.

Consideration of King’s Message re-spec ting Quebec deferred.

Committee on granting Relief to Owners of Vessels which may be stried.

Reported.

Bill ordered.

American Trade Bill presented.

East India Company’s Bill com-unit'd.

2° Mar tit.

' A. 1791.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or liberty of Kellingto, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Charles Theophilus Cazenove, and John Francis Batard, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Charles Theophilus Caze-nove, and John Francis Batard.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller Yarde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of Friday last;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting Relief to the Owners of Vessels which may be seized, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Coqimittee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr, Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting Relief to the Owners of Vessels which may be seized.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting Relief to the Owners of Vessels which may be seized: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.- Edward Jam the Lord

Bayham, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Law§ now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America,so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said. United States: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for removing any Doubt respecting the Sale or Mortgage of Annuities, pursuant to an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities,

" and by increasing their Capital Stock," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrotv Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, -upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Land Tax the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Commission-to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners for de"

putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, ".An Act for granting an Aid to " His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-one," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, Burford of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads Bill and widening the Road from Burford to Banbury, in Passed* the County of Oxford, and from Burford aforesaid to the Turnpike Road leading to Stow, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swer-ford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from Burford aforesaid to the Turnpike Road leading to Slow, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swer-ford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Lord Robert Spencer do cariy the Bill to die Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Resolution* Attacks made by Tippoo Sultan on the Lines of Travancore, on the 29th December 1789, the 6th of March in^a and 15th of April 1790, were unwarranted and unpro- Tippoo Sul-yoked Infractions of the Treaty entered into at Man-galore on the 10th Day of March 1784.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that the Conduct of the Government General of Bengal, in determining to prosecute with Vigour the War against Tippoo Sultan, in Consequence of his Attack on the Territories of the Rajah of Traoancore, was highly meritorious;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Conduct of the Government General of Bengal, in determining to prosecute with Vigour the War against Tippoo Sultan, in Consequence of his Attack on the Territories of the Rajah of Traoancore, was highly meritorious.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that the Treaties entered into with the Nizam on the 1st of June, and with the Mahrattas on the 7th of 1790, are wisely calculated to add Vigour to the Operations of War, and to promote the future Tranquillity of India; and that the Faith of the British Nation is pledged for the due Performance of the Engagements contained in the said Treaties;

A Motion

31 Geo. III.

2° — 3° Mar til.

257

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, County of Cumberland, and having a Right to in

That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being again proposed;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " and to promote the future Tranquillity of India."

the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That the Merits of the Petitions did in part depend upon the

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Right of Election; and that thereupon the said Coin

mittee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election, for which they respectively contended;

That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the

Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Treaties entered into with the Nizam on the ist of June,

and with the Mahrattas on the 7th of July 17 go,are Petitioners, John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, wisely calculated to add Vigour to the Operations of Esquires; and also, for the Petitioners, the Freemen and War, and to promote the future Tranquillity of India; Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cum-and that the Faith of the British Nation is pledged for befland, having a Right to vote in the Election of Citi-

the due Performance of the said Treaties.

the Engagements contained in

Corn Regulation Bill deferred.

Persons to attend Committee on i&lave Trade.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday next, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 10th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. Stuart do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Af rican Slave Trade.

Ordered, That Captain Scott do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Davison do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Clappeson do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Captain Cook do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Cook do also attend the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of th£ Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrpw Morning, Ten of the Clock.

zens to serve in Parliament for the said City, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Counsel for the Petitioners state the Right of Election to be in the Freemen of the City of Carlisle, duly admitted and sworn Freemen of the said City, and deriving their Title to suen Freedom by being Sons of Freemen, or by Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman, resident during such Apprenticeship within the said City, or by Election of the Mayor and Common Council of the said City with the Consent and Approbation of certain Persons called the Fours, otherwise the Fours of the Election of each of the Eight Guilds or Occupations within the said City, as Representatives of the whole Commonalty of the said City.

" They also state, That no Person is entitled to be admitted a Freeman of the said City who has not " been previously admitted a Brother of One of the " Eight Guilds or Occupations of the said City."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, James Clarke Salterthxcaile and Edvard Knubley, Esquires, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Counsel for the Sitting Members state the " Right of Election to be in the Freemen of the City of " Carlisle, who acquire a Title to such Freedom by " being Sons of Freemen, or by serving an Apprenticeship, during Seven Years, to a Freeman, or by Election " of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Capital Citizens

" of the said City.

" They also state, That it is not necessary, in " order to become a Freeman of the said City, to " have been previously admitted a Brother of One of " the Eight Guilds or Occupations within the said " City."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Silting Members, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said

Jovis, 3* die Martii;

Anno 31*

Georgii

III" Regis, 1791.

Carlisle Election determined.

- Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said City of Carlisle;

That the said Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them touching the Right of Election -for the said City of Carlisle, have determined,

That the Right of Election for the City of,

Prayers. in the County of Cumberland, is in the Freemen of the

MR. Phelips, from the Select Committee, who said City, duly admitted and sworn Freemen of the were appointed to try and determine the Merits said City, having been previously admitted Brethren of the Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson of OnC of the Eight Guilds or Occupations of the said Braddyll, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several City, and deriving their Title to such Freedom Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being by being Sons of Freemen, or ’by Service of Seven Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle>in the Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman resident, during You 46. 3 u such

258 38 — 4°

suck Apprenticeship, within the said City, and in no others.

That the said Select Committee have also determined.

That James Clarke Sat/erthzcaite, Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of , in the County of Cum-

berland:

And also, That the said Select Committee, have determined.

That Edward Kmtbley, Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Carlisle:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Christian Carmen, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Carlisle

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said John Christian Esquire, is duly

elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Carlisle:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Wilson Braddyll, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Carlisle:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Wilson Esquire, is duly elected

a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Carlisle:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said John Christian,

and Wilson. Braddall, Esquires, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined*

That foe Petition of the said Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in foe County of Cumberland, did not appear to foe said Select Committee to be frivolous qr vexatious:

And also, That foe said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said James Clarke thfoaite, Esquire, to foe said several Petitions did not appear to foe said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of foe said Edward Knuhley, Esquire, to the said several Petitions did not appear to foe said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Carlisle Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do

Return to be attend this House, forthwith, with the last Return for emended. City of Carlisle,in foe County of Cumberland, and

amend the same, by rasing out foe Names of James Clarke Satterthwaite, and Edward Knubley, Esquires, and inserting foe Names of John Christian Curwen, and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, instead thereof.

Exeter Elec- The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the U®n Petition Petition of the several Persons whose Nantes are there-coosidered. un(jer written, being Freemen and Electors of foe City of, Exeter,complaining of an undue Election and Return

for the said City, being come;

The House proceeded to foe Appointment of a. Sqlect Committee, to try and determine, foe Merits, of the said Petition

The Serjeant at Arms, was directed by Mr. Speaker

Mar til. 1791.

to go with foe Mace to the Places adjacent, and require foe Attendance of foe Members on foe Business of foe House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Fifteen Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to foe Bar.

And the Door of foe House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking foe said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in foe usual Manner.

And foe Names of Ten Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Francis , Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Twenty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir John Jervis, Knight of the Most honourable Order of foe Bath, being drawn, be was nominated to serve on foe scud Committee, by the Counsel for foe Sitting Member.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seventy other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Seven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Seventeen against whose Election Petitions were depending; Twenty-seven as then serving on Select Committees; Seventeen on Account of having in this Session served on Select Committees; and Two as having voted at the Election.

And the Names of all foe Members of the House having been drawn from the Glasses, and read by Mr. Speaker to foe House; and it appearing that there wanted Seven Names to complete the List of Forty-nine Members to be delivered to the Counsel at foe Bar;

Mr. Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said Petition into Consideration, till To-monrow, Three of foe Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 4* die Martii;

Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 1791*

Praters.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac- Carlisle Recording to Order, amended the Return for the tornameixM. City of Carlisle, in foe County of Cumberland.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Exeter Elec-Petition of foe several Persons, whose Names are there- tion.Petitk* under written, being Freemen and Ejectors of the City con8‘dtreA of Exeter, complaining of an undue Election and Return for foe said City, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine foe Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to foe Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of foe Members on the Business of the House.

And

31 Geo. III.

4° Mar

259

Herman’s Nal. Bill reported.

Lords

Amendment to Krohn's Nat. Bill agreed to.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Tiic House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Eighteen Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

Mr. Kxjnaston reported from the Committee, to whom Oswestry, the Petition of the Mayor, High Steward, Recorder, p*t‘; Coroner, Town Clerk, Burgesses, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Oswestry, and Liberties thereof, also of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of westry aforesaid, Saint Martins, SyUattin, Whittington,

Petition reported.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into West Felton, , Mete and

Consideration, was read*. Llanyblodwell, in the Hundred of aforesaid, in

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the the County of Salop, and also of the Inhabitants of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, and of Llamilin,

in the said Counties of Salop and Denbigh, and of Llanymynech, in the several Counties oi Salop, Denbigh, and Montgomery, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Sixteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir John Jervis, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Twenty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Francis Basset, Baronet, being John Lloyd being examined, said, That the Poor within drawn, he w as nominated to serve on the said Com- the Town and Liberties of Oswestry, and the Parishes of mittee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners. Oswestry, Saint Martins, Syllattin, Whittington, West

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, Felton, lluyton, Kinnerley, Knockin, Llanyblodwell, in were drawn, who were not objected to the Hundred of and so much of the Parish of

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Llanymynech which lies in the Hundred of in

Names, the Names of Forty-five other Mem- the County of Salop, and the Parish of Chirk, in the bers, then present, were drawn and set aside; County of Denbigh, and the Parish of Llansyllin, in the Nine on Account of their being Sixty Years of Counties of Salop and Denbigh, are very numerous, and Age or upwards (before sworn); Fifteen against are maintained and supported at a great Expence to

on

whose Election Petitions were depending; One as being a Petitioner complaining of an undue Election and Return; Ten as then serving Select Committees; Seven ing this Session tees; and Three tion.

on Account of hav-served on Select Counnit-having voted at the Elec-

as

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Henry the

Younger, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Barston and Plungar Inclosure Bill presented.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Kr

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In the Title of the Bill, Line 3, leave out " Krhon " and insert " Krohn.’’

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Woods, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Barstun, otherwise Barkestone, and in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 4 6.

the said Parishes.

That the providing a House or Houses for the general Reception of the Poor, and granting proper Powers for their Government, Regulation, and Employment, would tend to the effectual Relief of such as by Age or Infirmities are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the Em-being ployment of the Industrious, and those who are able to work, to the Correction and Punishment of the Idle and Profligate, to the Education of the Infant Poor in the Habits of Industry and Religion, and to the Advantage of themselves and the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Town of Oswestry, and to certain Parishes within the Hundred of Oswestry, in the County of Salop, and to such Part of the Parish of Llanymynech as lies within the said Hundred, and to tl>c Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, and to the Parish of Llavsilin, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh: And that Air.

Kynastonand Mr. Mvstyn Owen do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee, to Bowes Road whom the Petition of several Trustees, appointed to ,’* tltl°" put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, rfpor e ' made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stain more, in the County of Westmorland, and from Maiden Castle to Keber Cross, and to the Coal Works at Taylor lligg, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts, and from Barrmt's Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, and from Tan Hill and King’s Fitts to Beck Crooks and Punchatt Pasture West Gate. to Whaw Lane Head, and by Lilly Jocks to Recth, in the said Counties, and of the several other Persons w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in

at

4° Alartii.

J.

1. 1791.

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove titc Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: Anri,

Mr. Edward Heelis being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have borrowed £ 1,650 upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads

jesty, for making a new Road from Street, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and they had directed him to report to the House; and Powers of the said Acts are enlarged, some further he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-Powers given, and several Alterations made therein. livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Table: Where the Amendments were Once read for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; the Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, mid the and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the agreed to by the House.

Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland, and for

repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and also the Road from Maiden Castle

to the Coal Works at Taylor Rigg, and to Tan Hill and

King's Pitts, and also the Road from Barrow's Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties, and also from Tan Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks and Pun-

chat t Pasture West Gate, to IVhaw Lane Head, and by Lilly Jocks to Reeth: And that Mr. John Robinson, Sir in the County Palatine of Lancaster': And also,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Petitions in others, Inhabitants of the Borough of Bridgieater, in the favour of the County of Somerset: And also, and Wofcester

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are canal Bill.6 thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, resident in or near the Town of Manchestei',

Petition in favour of Clown and Budby Road Bill.

Michael Le Fleming, and Mr. James Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Naeark upon Trent, in the County

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Bodmin, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and other Inhabitants of Alcester, in the County of Waru ick, anti Tardebig, of Nottingham, w&s presented to the House, and read; and in the County of and

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for making, widening, altering, and repairing, the Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham, in the County of York, to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, at or near Clown, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road leading from Worksop, in the said County of Nottingham, to Kelham, in the same County, at or near Budby, in the said County of Nottingham: And praying. That the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Rother Na- A Bill to enable the Earl of Egremont to make and vigation Bill maintain the River Rot her Navigable from the Town of eommuted. Midhurst to a certain Meadow called The Railed Pieces,

its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester:And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Worcester, in Common Council convened;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemeu, Merchants, Traders, petition and other principal Inhabitants of the Town of Chep- against the

Egginton Inclosure Bill passed.

or Stopham Meadorv, in the Parish of Stopham, and a Navigable Cut from the said River to the River Arun, at or near Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sar- .

gent, Mr. Thomas Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet slow, in the County of Monmouth, and its Vicinity, Hereto..land this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s was presented to the House, and read; Taking Chamber. Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a

Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Hereford An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Com- the same to the Town of in the County of

Gloucesterand Setting forth, That the Petitioners, understanding the principal Inducements to the said Bill are the Prospect of establishing a Colliery near the Town of Newent, and that the River Wye is not convenient or sufficient to cpnvey the Produce of the Country to Market, therefore beg Leave to represent to the House, that they apprehend the Objects

mon Pastures, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Egginton, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands,

within the Manor and Parish of Egginton, in the County proposed by such Canal will by no Means be ade-

Southwark Roads Bill reported.

of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cax'endish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual the

quate to the great Expence of carrying the same into Execution; that the establishing a Colliery in or near Nercent is merely speculative, and they believe that the Coal, from the Specimens already produced, will be of a very inferior Quality; that the River Wye is a safe, expeditious, and reasonable Conveyance, by which the greatest Part of

Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty- the Produce of the Counties of Monmouth, Hereford, second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Radnor, and Brecknock, viz. Timber for His Ma-the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty s Navy and other Purposes, Bark, Iron, Grain,

Cyder,

Petition against the Hereford ai Gloucester Canal Bill*

31 Geo. III. 4* Mar261

t

Cyder, and other Articles, have been, Time imme- being easily, and at a moderate Expence, con-

mortal, and still are, conveyed to Chepstow by seve- veyed to the River Severn, and Coals and other Ar-ral Hundred Barges, and other small Vessels employ- tides carried, at a reasonable Rate, from Upton upon ed, between Hereford and Chepstow, for the Pur- Severn into the County of Hereford, and, the more poses aforesaid, and for carrying back into the said effectually to carry on such Communication, Ware-Counties Deals, Iron, Wines, Spirits, Groceries, and houses, Cyder Vaults, and Coal Yards have been other Foreign and Home Commodities (exclusive of erected and established in the Towns of Upton upon Coals carried up the JVye from the Forest of Dean, Severn and Ledbury, at a very considerable Expence; with which the City of Hereford and sundry other and that, if the proposed Canal should be made, the Places are wholly supplied) and that near Sixty large Market* Trade, and Commerce, of the Town of Up-Vessels have been built at Chepstow and its Neigh- ton upon Severn will be destroyd, and the Merchants, boorhood within these few Years, and employed in Farmers, Traders, and others, very considerably in- conveying the said Timber to His Majesty’s Dock jured, and the Securities for the Money (amounting td Yards from the Port of Chepstow, and for conveying between Two and Three thousand Pounds) advanced and exporting the Produce of those Counties to Lon- upon the Turnpike Tolls, for the Repair of the don, Bristol, Ireland, and other Markets, and for the Roads, for the Purposes aforesaid, will bo endangered, Importation of such Foreign and Home Commodities and for the future the Tolls (which have principally for the Use of those Counties; and that large and arisen from the Carriage between Herefordshire and commodious Quays, Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses and Upton upon Severn) will be so considerably lessened, other Conveniencies, have been built, and still are that they will be barely sufficient for the necessary Rebuilding and increasing, at very great Expences, on pair of the Roads; and further Representing to the the Banks of the River JVye, at and near Chepstow, House, That the Estimate, produced to the Com-for the Purposes aforesaid, which, if tire said Canal mittee in Support of the Bill, is not a just and accurate is made, will be rendered useless, or greatly lessened Estimate, for the Petitioners insist, that the necessary in Value, to the irreparable Loss of the Petitioners Expence to complete the proposed Canal and Coland others, and the Trade of the Port of Chepstoxo lateral Cut will exceed such Estimate by upwards of will be greatly injured, and many Thousand Persons £.30,000: And therefore praying, That they may be will be thereby thrown out of Employ; and that the heard by Counsel, as well against the Principle of the River IVye is Navigable for Vessels of considerable said Bill as against the several Parts of it.

Burthen, unless in very dry Seasons, and such Navi- A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Petition gation may be easily improved, so as to answer every other Inhabitants, in and near the City of Hereford, necessary Purpose, at a very small Expence, compared was also presented to the House, and read; likewise <3Toucelter" to tire Estimate for making the said Canal; and that, taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, Canal BUI. from the many Accidents which happen to Vessels That the Scheme of the said intended Canal, and and Goods between Gloucester and Bristol, the Under- the Benefits speciously held out by the Promoters of writers in London and Bristol are very unwilling to the Design, are too problematical and unfounded to 6ign any Policy, when, at the same Time, the Insurance warrant the Undertaking, the Petitioners apprehend* from Chepstow to Bristol is very trifling: And there- i»g any possible Benefit resulting therefrom must

fore praying that they may be heard by Counsel, as operate in a Degree the most local, circumscribed, well against the Principle of the said Bill as against and partial; and that the River Wye flowing through certain Parts thereof. the Centre, and from the one Extremity to the other,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Farmers, of the County of Hereford, will always’afford a more Traders, Dealers, and others, residing in and near the speedy, safe, and cheap, Conveyance than the proposed 1(* Town of Upton upon Secern, in the County of Worcester, Canal, for the various Articles of Cyder, Corn, Tim-was also presented to the House, and read; likewise ber. Bark, Wool, and Hops, which Articles exclu-taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That sivciy comprehend the Whole of the Export Trade such proposed Canal, and Collateral Cut, will by no of the City and County of Hertford, and are always Means tend to the general Good of the Public, or of the ready for the Market in those Seasons of the Year,

Cities and Counties of Hereford and Gloucester, inasmuch when the Navigation of the is scarcely ever

as the Objects proposed, if attainable, will be greatly known to have failed; and that the Petitioners ap-inadequate to the Expence which will necessarily attend prehend, in case a Colliery should be established at the carrying the intended Plan into Execution, and Newent, the Coals to be produced there are of a more especially as the Scheme of establishing a Colliery Quality so very' indifferent and bad, as to be unfit for near the Town of Newent (and which the Petitioners general Use, and that they cannot be rendered to understand is a principal Inducement to the said Bill) the Inhabitants of the City and Neighbourhood of is entirely speculative, and, if it can be established, it Hereford, cheaper than those of the Forest of Dean, appears that the Coal found there is of such an inferior Coals of an unexceptionable Quality, which always Quality' that it is unfit for general Use; and Represent- have, and- now do, abundantly supply the Inhabitants ing to the House, That if any Benefit could result from of the City and Neighbourhood of Hereford by the the proposed Navigation, it would be a partial Benefit Barges and other Craft navigating the River IVye; only, very confined in its Limits, and not to be put and that the Navigation afforded by the River JVye is in Competition with the Injuries which the Petitioners more than adequate to all the Purposes which the and others must inevitably sustain if the proposed Na- Trade and Business of the City and Neighbourhood of vigation should take Place; and that the Commissioners Hereford require, to which, in every Point of View', of the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of the proposed Canal appears to the Petitioners not Upton upon Severn have, at a very considerable Ex- only unnecessary and useless, but likely, in the Effect pence, put such Roads into good Repair, whereby the and Operation, to produce to far the greater Number Communication and Land Carriage between Upton of the Inhabitants serious Inconveniencies and Mischiefs: upon Severn, Ledbury, and various other Parts through And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by which the proposed Navigation is intended to pass, Counsel, against the Principle, as well as against have been rendered safe and expeditious, and the Pe- certain Parts, of the said Bill.

titioners have been enabled greatly to increase and A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty Ditto,

extend the Market, Trade, and Commerce of the of the Town and Borough of Monmouth, in Common Town of Upton upon Severn, to the great Advantage Council assembled, and also of the Gentlemen, Mer-and Convenience of the Town of Ledbury, and other chants, Traders, and other principal Inhabitants of Parts of Hertfordshire, the Produce of the County of the said Town and Borough, and its Neighbourhood,

Voi« 46. 3 N was

ms likewise presented to the House, and read; also Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, and found the same to be true; and that the Com-That the Petitioners, understanding the principal In- miltee had gone through the Bill, and made several ducements to the said Bill are the Prospects of esta- Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him ‘ Wishing a Colliery near the Town of Newent, and that to report to the House; and he read the Report in his the River Wye is not convenient to convey the Pro- Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the duce of the Country to Market, therefore beg Leave Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the to represent to the House, that they apprehend the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Objects proposed by such Canal will by no Means be a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Ques-adequate to the Expence of carrying the same into tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Execution; that the River Wye is a safe, expeditious House.

Conveyance (and they conceive much more reasonable Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be than the Conveyance by the said Canal is likely to be) ingrossed. by which the Produce of the Counties of Monmouth,

Hereford, Radnor, and Brecknock, are taken to Market An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Great Kine-by a great Number of Vessels constantly employed for Open ana Common Field and Commonable Land and that Purpose; and that the said River is Navigable Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great - 1 p,is*e at all Times in the Year, unless in very dry Seasons, ton, otherwise Kington, in the county of,

and such Navigation may be easily improved, and at a called Great Kineton Field, was read the Third Time, very trifling Expence, so as to answer every necessary That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Purpose, and it has been for some Time past, and now be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and is in Contemplation, to apply for Leave to bring in a Common Field and Commonable Land and Ground,

Bill for improving the Navigation of the said River; within the Manor and Parish of Great Kineton, other-and that there are many large and commodious Quays, wise Kington, in the County of Warwick, called Great Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Conveniences, erected Kineton Field.

and made by the said Petitioners and others, and now Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William are erecting and increasing at very great Expence, and burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their many Vessels built and employed for the Purpose of Concurrence, conveying the Produce of the Country to Market, and

carrying back all Kinds of Necessaries for the Use of A Petition of several Merchants, Owners and Com- Dover Har-

those Counties, which, if the said intended Canal is manders of Ships and Vessels, Pilots, and other In- bourPetition.

made, will be rendered useless, or of very little Value, habitants of the Town and Port of Dover, being of-

to the great and irreparable Loss of the Petitioners, fered to be presented to the House;

and others, and many Thousands of People employed Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s

in navigating Vessels on the River Wye will be throw n Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty

out of Employ, and the Petitioners have great Reason having been informed of the Contents of the said

to apprehend their Families will become very burthen- Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the

some to the said Town and Borough: And therefore House.

praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, as well Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; against the Principle of the said Bill, as against certain Setting forth, That the said Harbour, from its Situa-Parts of the same. tion and Utility, hath for Ages past been justly consi-

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to dered as a Place of great Importance, more especially lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read in Times of War; and that a Duty of only Three a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be Half-pence per Ton is now payable by an Act" of Par-then heard, by their Counsel, against the said liament for the Repair of the said Harbour, and the Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think lit. Money arising from the said Duty is by no Means

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at adequate to the Expence that is indispensably nc-the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the cessary for the Support and Improvement of the said said Petitions. Harbour; and that a Petition has been lately pre-

sented to the House, by the Wardens and Assistants Petition in A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town incorporated for the Management of the Harbour of favour of the of Bromyard and its Neighbourhood, in the County of for Leave to bring in a Bill for some fur-

Hereford and Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Set- ther Provision for the said Harbour: And therefore CanaUiill. t,n? forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is praying the House to make such further Provision for depending for enabling certain Persons to make a the Support and Improvement of the Harbour of Navigable Canal from or near the City of Hereford, by as the House shall deem meet.

Way of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, to com- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the municate with the River Severn at or near the City of Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition Gloucester: And praying, That the same may pass of the Wardens and Assistants of Dover Harbour, un-into a Law. der their Common Seal, is referred: And that they

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the Table. same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

I;

Li


I 1 1 I

Butt-rton Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, n °°a Rn?i to w^om the Bill for continuing the Term, and al-repoit*d! terlnS and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Roads from ButtertonMoor End, near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and from B/ackton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashbonear Newhaven, in the County of Derby, and from to Ecton Mine,

in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of African Merchants, trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- Company» seated to the House; P'"'"

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition wTas brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1789, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-?? third

third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " extending and improving the Trade to ,"

and that they have invested the Money, granted in 1790, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coasts; and that the Forts, having been originally ill constructed, were delivered to the Petitioners in a very ruinous Condition by the Royal African Company, and, being composed of the very worst Materials, arc falling so continually into Decay as to require a larger Expenditure in Re* pairs that can be afforded out of the Sums Annually granted by Parliament: And that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the Preservation, Improvement, and Extension of the Trade to Africa, and for the Defence and Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements on that Coast, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum as may be sufficient for the effectual Support and Maintenance of the said Forts, for such Presents as may be proper to secure the Friendship of the Natives of the Country, and likewise for the Repairs still wanted, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Row Roads Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Commit- Bill reported. je€> to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His preseut Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Streets or Highways within the said Town, and also certain small Pieces of Road communicating with the Roads comprized in the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had goue through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition for Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Provision to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names Debdde Hill are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, Road* Bill and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-reported, and ments, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; Report re- That the Committee had examined, and found that committed. Standing Orders of the House, of the 2,5th

of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, it being too late to give the Notices as required by the said Orders before it was resolved to put the Road mentioned in the Petition under the Care of the Trustees of the Worksop Roads, and that the said Trustees and the Mortgagees of the lolls are consenting thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and after-terwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Denison, Esquire, being examined, said, That he knows the Road leading out of the Worksop Turnpike Road, at or near Kneesall,in the said County of tingham, and leading to the Great North Road at or near Carlton upon Trent, in the same County — That the s?id Road extends about Six Miles, and is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and almost Vol. 46.

impassable in Winter, and cannot be properly repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law. — And the Witness added, That the repairing and widening the said Road will be a Means of opening a Communication to Lincolnshire, and other Places over Carlton Ferry.

Mr. William Skinner confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Exfetet Elec-returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the tion Commit-said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said teeaPP01nte Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir John Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, and Sir Francis Basset, Baronet, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

Ewan Law, Esquire, the Marquis of Titchfield, the Honourable Lieutenant Colonel Phipps, the Honourable Major General Bruce, the Marquis of,

the Lord Viscount Belgrave, Francis John Browne,

Esquire, the Honourable George Talbot Rice, the Honourable John Somers Cocks; John Kynaston, Esquire,

Robert Barclay, Esquire, Charles Yorke, Esquire, Paul Benfeld, Esquire, Sir John Jervis, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, Sir Francis Basset,

Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, being Freemen and Electors of the City of Exeter, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Kington ants from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leominster Leominster, to join the River Severn, near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester', was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir George Cornewall,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

A Petition of the Millers, Maltsters, Buyers of Petition Corn for Sale, and other principal Inhabitants of the from New-Town of Newbury,in the County of Berks, was pre-

sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Regulation Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Bill.

Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported j and Setting forth, That by the 63d Clause thereof it is intended to he enacted, that all Millers, Maltsters,

Factors, Merchants, Clerks, Agents, and other Persons, being Buyers of Corn for Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, or Malt made thereof, shall return, or cause to be returned, on the Monday Morning i(i each and every Week, to the Inspectors of Corn by the said Act appointed for the City or Town at winch they shall respectively buy any Corn, an Account in Writing of the Quantities so by them bought and received during the preceding Week, with the Prices thereof, under the Penalty of f.to, and in Conformity of an Oath by them to be previously taken, and the Towns of Reading, Newbury, and Windsor only, the County of Berks, are subject to the above Regulations,

notwithstanding

Selby Bridge Bill committed.

Clown and Badby Hoad Bill presented.

Petition against the Birmingham and Worcester Canal . Bill.

4° Mdrt

A. 1791.

notwithstanding many other Towns in the same County have as large Markets for Corn; and that by far the greatest Part of the most considerable Millers, Maltsters, and Buyers of Corn for Sale, do not reside in the said T&wns of Reading, , or Windsor, but

in Country Villages, and the Petitioners conceive that the subjecting those Towns to the above Regulations, will be a Means of driving a great deal of the Business of the Market from those Towns to others not subjected thereto, and be a Means of considerable Quantities of Corn being sold in a more private Manner, and never brought to Market, which Practice hath of late very much prevailed; to the great Diminution of the Market, and to the Injury of the Inhabitants thereof, whose Trade in a great Measure thereon depends: And therefore praying, That the House would either subject all Market Towns within the said County, particularly the Towns of Wallingford, Abingdon, Wantage, Ilsley, Lambourn,

don, Hungerford, Maidenhead, and Oakingliam, to the same Regulations, and also enact, That all Millers, Maltsters, and Buyers of Corn for Sale, should weekly transmit to the Inspectors of Corn Returns for the Market Town nearest to their Abode the like Account of all Corn by them purchased, not only in such Market Towns, but in any other Place or Places, and at any other Time or Times, as otherwise the Petitioners fear that these Regulations will, by being confined to those Three Towns, be a very material Injury to their Markets, or that such other Mode of Relief should be granted to the Petitioners as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

A Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and altering the Road from the Rotherham and MamjieldTurnpike Road,-at or near Clown,in the County of Derby, to the Worksop and Kelham Turnpike Road at or near Buddy, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners have, at a very large Expence, made and completed a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at Stourport, in the County of Worcester, to the Trent and Mersey Canalr at Haywood, in the County of Stafford, by which Canals Commercial Intercourses have been opened between the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, and Hull, and the interior Parts of the Kingdom; and that, in pursuance of another Act, a Navigable Canal has been made from the Canal of the Petitioners, at Autherley, near Wolverhampton, to Birmingham, and, in order to open a still nearer and better Communication between Birmingham and the River and for the more effectually supplying Worcester, and the other Towns near the Secern, with Coals, Acts have since passed for making Canals from the Birmingham Canal at Tipton, by Dudley and Stourbridge, to fall into

the Petitioners said Canal at Stourton, which is Fifteen Miles nearer, from Birmingham to the River and Worcester, than by the Way of Autherley; and that, in the last Session of Parliament, a Bill was brought in for making a Canal from the said Town of Birmingham to the River Severn at Worcester, on tt Plan precisely the same as that proposed by the Bill now depending, founded, as was then alledged, on the imperfect State of the River Secern between Stourport and Diglis aforesaid, but the Petitioners offering and engaging at their own Expence to improve that Part of the River Severn, and to remove all Impediments therein, the said Bill was rejected by the House, and an Act was passed for empowering the Petitioners to improve the said River, in pursuance of which die Petitioners immediately began to make such Improvements, and are proceeding to complete the same with all possible Expedition; and that the Bill now depending will, if it passes into a Law, be attended with increased Hardships to the Petitioners, who have, on the Faith of the Powers granted them by Parliament in the last Session, expended a very considerable Sum of Money in improving the Secern, and removing the Impediments complained of, without the least pecuniary Benefit to themselves, they having no Power of Authority to collect or demand from the Public any Toll or Duty, on Account of the Money expended iu such Improvement; and that, when the Improvements in the Severn, now in Prosecution, are effected, the proposed Canal cannot in any Degree be necessary, as the Communication between Birmingham, and the Coal Mines, near the present Birmingham Canal and the Secern, will be complete and effectual, and as near and certain as by the Canal proposed, and such Ca- nal, instead of affording a Prospect of any Public Utility, will be productive of great private Injury, especially to the Petitioners and others who embarked their Properties in the Works of Inland Navigation at a Time when they were attended with great Risque and Hazard to the Undertakers, but which have in the Event been productive of great National Advantages: And therefore praying, that they may be beard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill for making the said Canal from Birmingham to the River Severn near Worcester, and that such Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition Dudley Canal Navigation, was also presented to the against the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His pre- ter Canal sent Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to make Bill, a Navigable Canal from certain Lands belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, to communicate with the Stourbridge Navigation, which said Canal hath been long since executed and rendered completely Navigable, and the Petitioners expended upwards of £.jo,oooo in such Undertaking; and that by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to extend the said Dudley Canal, from the Termination thereof in the Lands of the said Thomas Talbot Foley, to join the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazcley Canal Navigation, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford, in order to open a Communication with the large Tracts of Coal and other Mines lying upon or near to the Line of the said Extension, and to afford a shorter and cheaper Conveyance for Goods and Merchandize between the Town of Birmingham and the Port of Bristol, and the intermediate Places, and the Petitioners were authorized by the said Act to raise amongst themselves the Sum of £. 27,000, in order to carry the said Work into Execution, which Sum not being found sufficient for the Purpose, the Petitioners, by an Act passed in the last Session, were enabled to raise the further Sum of £.10,100 for carrying the said Work

into

31 Geo. III. 4° Marin. 265

Petition auainst the Uirmiugbam and Wore eater Canal

m.

into Execution; and that, in pursuance Of the said last mentioned Acts, the Petitioners have expended upwards of £. 30,000 in carrying on the Extension of the said Dudley Canal, and the said Undertaking is now nearly completed, and by Means thereof a Communication will be opened between the Town of Birmingham and the River Secern Fifteen Miles nearer than the present Navigation by and that

the principal Inducement to the Petitioners to undertake the Extension of the said Dudley Cana), was in order to open a nearer and better Communication by Water between the Town of Birmingham and the Manufactories in the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Cities of W orcester, Gloucester, and Bristol, and the several intermediate Parts, and in order to supply the Counties of /Worcester, Gloucester, and Here-

ford, with Coals from tire Mines lying contiguous to the Line of the Birmingham Canal, in a constant and regular Manner; and that in order to render such Plan of Communication more perfect, an Act was obtained in the last Session, to enable the and /Worcestershire Canal Company, at their own Expence, and without laying any Tax or Burthen on the Public, to improve the Navigation of, the River Severn, between Stourporl and and which hath

been proceeded upon with all possible Expedition; and that the Petitioners observe, with very great Surprize and Concern, that an Application hath again been made to the House, in the present Session, for a Bill to make a Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham to the River Severn,at or near on

a Plan similar to the One brought into, and rejected by, Parliament in the last Session, which Scheme, if carried into Effect, will be attended with irreparable Injury to the Petitioners, in as much as it is calculated to defeat the very Objects for which the Petitioners have expended so large a Sum of Money under the Authority of Parliament without affording a Prospect of Public Utility, as when the Canal so forming by the Petitioners is united with the Birmingham Canal, it will open a much nearer Road for the Conveyance of Coals from the Mines lying on the Line of the Birmingham Canal to /Worcester and the Severn Markets than that proposed by the said intended Canal, and a complete Communication by YY'ater, sufficient for every Purpose of Trade and Commerce, will be thereby lormed and opened between Birmingham and /Worcester, and also between the Towns and Places of any Import-smec which such proposed Canal would, if executed, communicate with, or extend to, and therefore such proposed Canal cannot be in any Degree necessary or requisite for the Occasions of the Public: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law’.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Manufacturers, residing in or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of / Worcester,was also presented to the House, and read; Setting Forth, That the Petitioners are informed an Application is again‘making to the House for a Bill to make a Navigable Canal from the Town of Birmingham to thp River Severn, at or near the City of /Worcester; and that there has been already

made and completed, at a very large Expence, One Communication by Water from the Town of Birmingham to /Worcester, by Means of the present Birmingham and the Staffordshire and /Worcestershire Canals, which fall into the River Severn at Stourport, and another Communication is now making under the Sanction of Parliament, and nearly complete, between those Places and the Tipton and other Collieries, by Means of the Junction of the Dudley and Birmingham Canals at Upton; and that the Canals already made have opened a convenient Communication for the Conveyance of Goods ami Merchandize between the Towns of Birmingham, /Wolverhampton, Stourbridge, Dudley, the

Vor,. 46.

City of /Worcester, and the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, and Hull, and the same is fully sufficient to answer every good and useful Purpose of Trade and Commerce; and that the Petitioners conceive the proposed new Canal is projected, not with a View to open a Communication with any new Mines or new Markets, but to operate as a Rival Navigation to those which have been already formed at a very large Expence, and at the great Hazard of the Undertakers thereof, and that the Projectors of the intended new Canal have founded the pretended Utility of their Scheme on the imperfect State of the Navigation of the River Severn, between the Termination of the Staffordshire and /Worcestershire Canal at Stourport and Diglis, near /Worcester; and that, in the last Session of Parliament, an Act w'as passed, empowering and directing the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and /Worcestershire Canal Navigation to improve the Navigation of the River Severn, between Stourport and Diglis aforesaid, and such Improvements are now carrying on, and the Petitioners cannot help expressing their Surprize at the same Scheme being again offered to Parliament which was presented to and rejected by the House ^the last Session, without waiting the Event of the Improvements of the Severn Navigation now making, pursuant to the Power of the said Act; and that the Petitioners conceive the proposed Canal will operate as a Discouragement to the Improvements of the Severn Navigation, as directed by the said Act, which will be highly injurious to Trade and Commerce, and they apprehend that no Advantage is likely to be derived from the proposed Canal, adequate to the great Injury which the Petitioners and the Public at large will sustain therefrom: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of aaamst Lands and Estates, through or near which a new' Cajial and Vorce*-Navigation is intended to be made, from or near the ter Canal Town of Birmingham, to communicate with the River B‘*t. Severn at or near /Worcester, was likewise presented to the House, and read,* Setting forth, That the said intended Canal, if made, will totally destroy a large Quantity of valuable Land, and otherwise very materially injure the Estates and Properties through or near which the same is intended to pass; and that there has been already made and completed, at a very large Expence, a Canal Navigation from the Town of Birmingham to the River Severn, and another is now making, and nearly completed, by Mdans of the Junction of the Dudley and Birmingham Canals, and the same are, as the Petitioners conceive, fully sufficient to answer every good and useful Purpose of Water Conveyance from the Towti of Birmingham to the River Severn at /Worcester; and that the Petitioners conceive the proposed Canal from Birmingham to the River Severn at /Worcester is calculated' to answer the private Views of the Schemers thereof, without a Probability of affording to the Public any Advantage adequate to the great Injury which the Petitioners and others w ill unavoidably sustain by it; and that, in the last Session of Parliament, an Application was made similar to the present, and a Bill was presented, for making a Canal in the same Direction as that now proposed, against which Bill the Petitioners and others prayed to be relieved, and the House rejected such Bill:

And therefore praying, That the Bill for making the said intended Canal may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the same.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of /Waneick, to communicate with the 3 If River

4° Martii.

A. 1791.

Members added to bring in Bowes Road Bill.

River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, be any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the read a Second Time; and such of the Petitioners Clerk’s Table, as desire to be heard, by their Counsel, are to be then heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Message into Consideration, said Petitions. And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce Fourteenth Year of the Reigrt of His present Majesty, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to intituled, "An Act for making more effectual Provision

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Message Kine’s of Friday last be now taken into Consideration. spectwf*

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Queimfcon-

sidered, and Bill ordered.

prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Bonces, in the County of York, to Brough under Stain- repeal certain Parts of the said Act, and to make further

more, in the County of Westmorland, and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works at Taylor Rigg, and to Tan Hill and King's Fitts, and also the Road from Barrows Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties, and also from Tan Hill and Kings Pitts to Beck Crooks and Punchatt Pasture West Gate, to Whaw Lane Head, and by Lilly Jocks to Reeth.

Provision for the Government of the said Province: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

and Sir William Scott, do prepare, and

bring

in, the same.

Norfolk woolcombers Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employee the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted

in

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Cotting-ham, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the

Cottingham Inclosure Bill committed.

Yarn, in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich* County of York, was read a Second Time.

I ' M 4Va/\ a I 1 ^--1 1 1 fTTM .1 I 1 1

American Trade Bill committed.

and County of the same City, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted Yam, in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, and County of the same City.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee on East India Company’s Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for removing any Doubt respecting the Sale or Mortgage of Annuities, pursuant to an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the East India " Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and " by increasing their Capital Stock."

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Land Tax the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this ported. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting " an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised " in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one," was committed, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Mutiny Bill the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mu- deferr*d' tiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Harlow and of Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of his late Ma- |t""jp, M1ross jesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for pa°s"ed> 1

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place

called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing 12 end

Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without

31 Geo. III.

4° — 7° Martn.

267

and widening the Road leading from^a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlcnv, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chesterjord, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mi-. Blunter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" Steynin " Alms."

paying Scotland Lot,

and not receiving

Poole Writ.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the Borough Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to of ,in the County of Sussex.

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Petitioners, the said Select Committee have for the Town of Boole, in the County of Dorset, in determined,

the room of Benjamin Lester, Esquire, who, since his That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office Statement, is the Right of Election for the Borough of of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern

Hundreds of Stoke, Desborcagh, and Bonenhum, in the That the said Select Committee have also deter-County of Buckingham. mined,

That James Martin Lloyd, Esquire,- is not duly The other Orders of the Day being read; elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day the Borough of in the County of

Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant March, resolve And also, That the said Select Committee have

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider determined,

further of the African Slave Trade. That Henry Howard, Esquire, is not duly elected

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Bill deferred. Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Borough of Steyning:

House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an And also, That the said Select Committee have

additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom. determined,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday That Sir John Honywood, Baronet, the Petitioner,

Slave Trade deferred.

Sugar Duty

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted present Parliament for the said Borough of Steyning: to His Majesty. And also, That the said Select Committee have

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning determined, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, That the said Sir John Honywood, Baronet, is duly to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for

Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House ad journed till Monday Morning, next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 7* Martii;

Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 1791.

Steyning

Election

determined.

Prayers.

LORD Viscount Downe,from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir John Honywood, Baronet, and John Curtis, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of , in

the County of Sussex, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That the Merits of the Petition did in Part depend upon the Right of Election; and that, thereupon, the said Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election, for which they respectively contended.

That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Petitioners, Sir John Honywood, Baronet, and John

the said Borough of Steyning:

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That John Curtis, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Steyning:

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That the said John Curtis, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Steyning:

And also. That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That the Petition of the said Sir John Honywood,

Baronet, and John Curtis, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or

vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said James Martin Lloyd,

Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said Henry Howard,

Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do Stemming attend this House, forthwith, with the last Return for Return to be

Curtis, Esquire, delivered in a Statement, as follow's: f

" The Counsel for the Petitioners state the Right the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, and 8Biended* u of Election to be in the Inhabitants of ancient amend the same, by rasing out the Names of James "Houses, and Houses built on the Scites of ancient Martin Lloyd and Henry Howard, Esquires, and " Houses, within the Borough of Steyning, being inserting the Names of Sir John Honywood, Baronet,

" Householders paying Scotland Lot and not receiving and John Curtis, Esquire, instead thereof.

4t Alms." And the Deputy Clerk of the Crow'n attending, amended.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, James according to Order, amended the said Return ae-Martin Lloyd and Henry Howard, Esquires, delivered cordingly. in a Statement, as follows:

" The Counsel for the Sitting Members state the Mr. Bhelips reported from the Committee, to whom King's SeigRight of Election to be in the Constable and the Bill for draining and dividing a certain Moor, or 'n°0^rH:n' Householders Inhabitants within the Borough of Tract of Waste Land, called King's Sedgmoor, in the "on Bilj Vot. 46. County reported.

7° Martii.

A. 1791.

County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 17741 relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 107 Rights on the said Moor, who declared themselves neuter in respect to the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 84 Rights, who declared themselves agaiijst the Bill; and that the Whole of the Rights on the said Moor consist of 1,740, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read Speaker’s Chamber

itux P onnrt in hi a Piano anri aftortnurrlc n#»lluProrl tho *

and Apprentices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and Bermondsey rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Thirty-first poor ?l1* Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George comnu the Second, intituled, "An Act for ascertaining and " collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for better regulating " the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen " Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey," and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Russell, Mr. William Clement Finch, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

I*"

cafld

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; _ . _

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the j,‘

pon, were agreed to by Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term, and for Southwark

... - Roads Bill

Question severally put thereupon, the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,

Cain* and Swindon Roads Petition reported.

second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King jjg George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping

Sir James Tylney Long reported from the Committee, the same, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair,

to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land was reacj the Third Time.

ingrossed.

Owners, Occupiers of Lands, and other the principal Inhabitants of, or residing in or near, the several Towns and Places of Caine, Swindon, Wootten-Bassett, Cricklade, Purton, Lyneham, Hillmarton, and

Christian Malford, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term, and for explaining amending, and making more effectual, the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Towns Petitions of Brecon, and The Hay, in the County of . Brecon: '? f"!our,°L

, . ’ J J the Hereford

# , And a,s0*. ... and Glou-

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Owners, and cester Canal Occupiers of Land, within the several Parishes of Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Newent, Oxenhall, and Kempley, in the County amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads of Glouand the Parish of Much Marcle, in the leading from Swindon to Christian Malford Bridge, and County of Hereford, and the Parish of Redmarley from Colne to Lyneham Green, and from the Direction Dabitot,in the County of And also, Post in Long Leaze 'Lane, near Lydiard Marsh, to A Pet,t,on of Merchants and Traders of the City

---- - of Bristol;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And that Sir James Tylney Long, and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

Oswestry, Mr. Kynastonpresented to the House, according

&c. Poor Bill to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment presented. of poor belonging to the Town of Oswestry, and to certain Parishes within the Hundred of Oswestry, in the County of Salop, and to such Part of the Parish of Llanymynech as lies within the said Hundred, and to the Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, and to the Parish of Llansilin, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending for enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal from or near a Meadow, called Widemarsh, within the Liberties of the City of Hereford, by Way of Ledbury, to communicate with the River Severn, at or near a Meadow called Ox Leaze, within the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the said Canal from Upleadon Green to or near to the Town of Newent, in the said County of Gloucester: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table. _

Hallamshire Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Cutters Bill Order, a Bill for the better Regulation and Government presented. of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberties of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberties, and of their Journeymen

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Henry Heyman, Heyman'* the Younger, was read the Third Time. Nat- Bill

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:: And that the paS3ed‘ Title be, An Act for naturalizing Henry Heyman, the Younger.

31 Geo. III.

7° Mar&.

269

Parslow s Divorce Bill committed.

Ordered, That Mr. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Par time, Esquire, with Elizabeth Hall, his now Wife, and to enable him to nmrry anain, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

to Ashborne, near Nachacen,in the County of Derby, and from War slaw to Ecton Mine, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to Whitchurch whom the Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed Road Bill in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- reported, jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which

mittee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit- they had directed him to report to the House; and he

Petition Against the lleretord and Gloucester

Canal Bill.

nesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written. Commissioners, appointed by the Authority of Parliament, for the Purpose of erecting and perfecting a Bridge over the River Severn at the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester; and Setting forth. That, under

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerks 7able: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Bayliffe, Burgesses, Freemen, and Petition* in Inhabitants of the Borough of Chippenham, in the favour of the County of Wilts: And also,

A Petition of Charles Colmore, Esquire: And also, ter Canal A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Bill, thereunto subscribed. Smelters of Iron Ore, and Dealers in Iron, Copper, Brass, and other Metals,

the Sanction of Parliament, a Bridge has been lately in and near the Towms of Birmingham, Wolverhampton,

constructed over the said River at the Expence of upwards of 30,000, which Sum has been borrowed from Individuals upon the Credit of the Tolls arising therefrom, and it occurs to the Petitioners, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Revenue of the said Bridge will be much diminished, so as mate

rially to affect those who have lent their Money on the Plymouth: And also,

Walsall, Dudley, Stourbridge, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and principal Traders of the Borough of

ButtrrtoD

Moor End Roads Bill passed.

Faith of Parliament; and Representing to the House,

That the said Bridge at picsent labours under a very heavy Carriage, Horse, and Foot Toll, to the great Grievance of the Public, and particularly those of the lower Class, which oppressive Tax on Foot Passengers (if the said Bill shall be permitted to pass) may in all Probability never be taken off: And

therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be permitted to pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, oif an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Roads

from But tat on Moor End, near Oncol t,in the County of Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike

Road leading from Burton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and from Black ton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Burton A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition* to Ashborne, near New haven, in the County of Derby, thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Water against the

and from Warslow to Ecton Mine, in the County of Mills, and other Works, upon the several Rivers,

Stafford, was read the Third Time. Brooks, Streams, and Rivulets, lying between the ter r„n»i

Resolved \That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Town of Birmingham and the City of Worcester, and Bilk

be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also, enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Tenth Another Petition of the several Persons, whose Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair- Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Water Mills, and other Works upon the several Rivers, Brooks, Streams, and Rivulets, lying between the Town of Birmingham and the City Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

Another Petition of the several Persons, whose

3 Z Names

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Cardigan, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the City of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also, 1

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Farmers, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parishes and Neighbourhood of King's Norton and in the County of Worcester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navagible Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

ing, widening, turning, and altering, the Roads iron) Butter ton Moor End, near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Burton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and from Blackton , in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton Vo'l. 46.

Names arc thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Water Mills, and other Works, upon the several Rivers, Brooks, Streams, and Rivulets, lying between the Town of Binnitigham and the City of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof j Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, an Application is again making to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Capal Navi^tion from the Town of Birmingham to communicate with the River Severn, at or near the City of Worcester, in a similar Direction to that which was offered to Parliament in the last Session, and which the House, on the Petition of the Petitioners and 'Others, rejected; and that the Petitioners hoped the Projectors of such intended Canal would have remained satisfied with the late Decision of Parliament on their Project, and that the Petitioners should have been permitted peaceably to enjoy their Property, without being thus wantonly and repeatedly attacked and called upon to defend it, and they cannot but look upon such Proceedings as very alarming in their Nature, tending to oppress and weigh down Individuals with the heavy Burthen of Expenses in defending themselves against the repeated Attacks of a Set of speculative Adventurers, whope Projects, if carried into Execution, will pot afford any Public Advantage adequate to the Injury which Individuals will unavoidably sustain thereby; and that, below the lone of such intended Canal, there are many Mills worked by Water, flowing from various Springs and Brooks arising in and above the Line of such intended Canal, at which Mills very extensive Trades and Manufactories are carried on, and large Sums of Mosey have been expended in planting and establishing such Works and Manufactories, and the very Support and Maintenance of a lar^e Body of Manufacturers and Labourers, their Wives and Children, depend thereon; apd that the present Supply of Water is aot fully sufficient for the necessary Uses of the said Mills and Works, and, in case the said in-tepded Canal should take Place, the same must unavoidably intercept and take away great Part <4 the Resources of Water which now feed and support the Brooks and Streams from whence the aforesaid Mills are supplied, and thereby such Mills and Works will be very considerably injured, if not wholly ruined, and the Trade lost: And therefore praying, That such Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against die same. Petition A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names

against the are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, -or Occupiers, amTvvS^ of Lands and Estates, through or near which a new ter Canal Bill. Canal Navigation is intended to be made from or near the Town of Birmingham, to communicate with the River Secern, at or near Worcester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said intended Canal, if made, will totally destroy a large Quantity of valuable Land, and otherwise very materially injure the Estates and Properties through or near which the same is intended to pass; and that there has been already made and completed, at a very large Expence, a Canal Navigation from the Town of Birmingham to the River Secern, and another is now making, and nearly completed, by Means of the Junction of the Dudley and Birmingham Canals, and the some are fully sufficient to answer every good and useful Purpose of Water Conveyance from the Town of Birmingham to the River Severn at Wor-

cester; and that the Petitioners conceive the proposed Canal from Birmingham to the River Secern at Worcester, is calculated to answer the fjrivate Views of the Schemers thereof, without a Probability of affording to the Public any Advantage adequate to the great Injury which the Petitioners, and others, will unavoidably sustain by it; and that, in the last Session of Parliament, an Application was made similar to the present, and a Bill was presented for making a Canal in the same Direction as that now proposed, against which Bill the Petitioners, and others, prayed to be relieved, and the House rejected such Bill: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be beard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the same.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Petition holders, Merchants, and Manufacturers, in the County- against the of Worcester, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to canal° Bill." the House, apd read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near Bitmingham, in the County of to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, on a similar Plan to that which was brought before Parliament in the last Session; and Representing to the House, That there is already formed a Communication, by Inland Navigation, between the Town of Birmingham and Worcester, by Two different Courses, namely, the one by Autherley, near Wolverhampton, and the other by Stourbridge and Dudley, the Object of which Navigation was to open a certain Communication for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandise between the Ports of Bristol, Hull, and-Liverpool, and also between the Town of,

the large Manufactories in the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Cities of Worcester, Gloucester, and Bristol, and the several intermediate Parts, and also to supply -the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Warwick, ana Hereford, with Coals in a constant and regular Manner, as well from the Mines lying contiguous to the line of the Birmingham Canal, and the several Branches thereof, as also from the Mines lying on the Line of the Dudley and Stourbridge Canals, which have been accordingly effected, and the same is abundantly sufficient for all the Purposes of Trade and Commerce; and that the said Bill for making the proposed Canal does not even profess to open a Communication with any new Mines or new Markets which are not at present accessible by Means of the present Navigations, but is projected with a View to operate as a parallel or rival Navigation to those recently formed, at a very large Expence, under the Authority of Parliament, for great and important Purposes, and which have been productive of great National Utility and Public Advantage, and the Petitioners conceive the Project for' making the proposed Canal is not founded on Principles either of Necessity or real Public Utility, that the Attempt is alarming in its Nature, and, should Powers be panted for making such intended Canal, it must, as the Petitioners apprehend, operate to the Discouragement of the future Progress of useful Branches of Inland Navigation, by rendering uncertain and precarious Property advanced on the Faith of Parliament in such Undertakings; and that, on and near the Line of the present Canals, there have been planted great and extensive Iron Works and other Manufactories, and the heavy Materials used therein, as well as the Produce thereof, are conveyed by Means of those Canals into and from the Severn at Stourport, above Worcester, in order to be sent into the different Markets; and that the River Severn is a free Navigation, and of the utmost Importance to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, and, notwithstanding such River is, in dry Seasons, deficient in Water, yet the Supply of Water for the intended 8 new

31 Geo. III. 7°

271

new Canal is, as the Petitioners understand, proposed ing Stourport, from its Situation at the Junction of the to be taken out of such River, the doing whereof Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal with the Secern, must, as the Petitioners conceive, occasion an irre- to be a Place well calculated for Business and Trade, parable Injury to that Navigation in which the Peti- have been induced to settle there in Hopes of acquir-tioners and the Public are so materially interested; ing the Means of a competent Livelihood for them* and that the Petitioners apprehend the proposed Canal selves and Families, and with that View very large (if made) will be oppressive to many Individuals, and Sums of Money have been expended by the Peti* very injurious to the Trade and Commerce of the tioners, and others, in erecting and forming a new . _ County of Worcester: And therefore praying, That Town there, with convenient Wharfs, Warehouses, the said Bill may not pass into a Law-. and other Conveniences, for the Accommodation of

Petition A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Trade and Commerce, and the Public have been ffirm'*1 ham ^wcount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of greatly benefited thereby; and that the Petitioners ndWoret*- ^e several other Persons whose Names are thereunto conceive the proposed Canal is projected, not with a ter Canal subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Coal Mines View of opening a Communication with any new

kill. lying upon and near to the Line of the Stourbridge Mines, or new Markets, but merely to operate in its

and Dudley Canals, was also presented to the House, and Effects as a parallel or rival Navigation, with those

read; Setting forth, That Two Acts having passed in the which have been recently formed for great and itnpor-

Y ear 1776, for making the said Stourbridge and Dudley tant Purposes, and from which the Public have de-Canals, the great Object of which Navigations were, rived the most important Advantages, and in case the by communicating with the Staffordshire and I Forces- proposed Canal should take Place, the necessary tershire Canal at Stourton, to supply the City of War- Consequence will be, that whatever Trade i9 done cester, and the other Towns and Places on the River thereon must be a Diminution and Drawback from

Severn, as also the Counties of Worcester,

Warwick, and Hereford, with Coals from the Mines lying upon and near to the Line of the said Stourbridge and Dudley Canals, the Petitioners, and those under whom they claim, were induced, at a very great Risque and Hazard, to open Collieries on the Line of the said Canals, and to lay out very large Sums of Money in planting and establishing the same, and by Means thereof the City of Worcester, and the Counties of Wjrcesfer, Gloucester, Warwick, and Hereford, have been supplied with Coals from the Petitioners Mines in veiy large Quantities, and in a constant and regular Manner, and the Inhabitants and Trade and Manufactures of the said Counties and Places, as also the Public, have been greatly benefited thereby; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House for making a Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham to the River Secern, near to the City of Worcester, on a similar Plan to the Bill brought before and rejected by Parliament in the last Session, which intended Canal is calculated to give a Preference in the Severn Market to other Coal Mines lying on the Line of the Birmingham Canal, and will operate greatly to the Injury and Prejudice of the Petitioners, without affording any real Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Agents or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Low.

Ititt*. A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants of Stourpoin the County of cester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House for making a new’ Canal Navigation from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn at Diglis, near IForcester, on a similar Plan to that which was offered to, and rejected by, Parliament in the last Session; and that the present existing Canals, which have been formed at an immense Expence, as well as at great Risque to the Undertakers thereof, have already opened a convenient and certain Communication not only for the Conveyance of Coals from all the different Mines lying on or near the Line of the Binning-hani Canal into the Severn Markets, and, by Means of such Communication, the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Warwick, and Hereford, have been supplied with Coals in a constant and regular Manner, but also for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize between the Ports of Bristol, Hull, and Liverpcol, and also between the Town of Birmingham, the large Manufactories in the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Cities of IForcester, Gloucester, and Bristol, and the several intermediate Parts; and that the Petitioners conceiv-Vot. 46.

the Trade at Stourport in Proportion to what shall be conveyed along the proposed Canel from Birmingham to Worcester, which will be highly injurious to the Petitioners, without a Prospect 01 affording to the Public any real or substantial Advantage adequate to the great Injury which the Petitioners, as well as a great Number of other Individuals, will unavoidably sustain thereby; and that the River Severn is a free Navigation, and of the utmost Consequence to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, and such Navigation has been much improved by the Increase of Trade thereon, and the proposed Canal is projected with a View to take away great Part of the Trade which now passes on the said River, between Stourport and Worcester, and the Supply of Water necessary for the Uses of such intended Canal is, as the Petitioners understand, intended to be drawn from the said River, the doing of which must necessarily injure the Navigation of the same River, and prove highly detrimental to the Trade and Commerce thereoi:

And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the same, and that such Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Owners of Vessels, Barge- Petition masters, Carriers, and others, Traders upon the River Severn, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was cn<j Worces-also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, ter ComI That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is now depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Secern, at or near to the City of Worcester, upon a similar Plan to the One which was offered to and rejected by Parliament in the last Session; and that there has been already made and completed One Communication by Water, from the Town of Birmingham to,

by Means of the present Birmingham and the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canals, which latter Canal falls into the River Severn at Stourport, and that another Communication is now making and nearly finished between those Places and the several Coal Mines on the Line of the said Birmingham Canal, by Means of the Junction of the Dudley and Birmingham Canals at Tipton, and the Object of making such Canals was not only to convey Coals from the Mines lying on the different Lines thereof into the Secern Market, but also to connect the several Branches of Inland Navigation with the River Secern, and thereby form a general Communication for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize between the Ports of Bristol, Hull, and Liverpool, and the Towns of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and other manufacturing Towns and Places on the

272 7° Martii. A. 1791.

the Line of such Canals and the -Cities of Worcester, near in the said County of Nottingham, and

Gloucester, and Bristol, and other Towns and Places on leading to the Great North Road at or near Carlton the Banks of the River Secern, and which has been upon Trent, in the same County, is in a very ruinous accordingly effected, and the Public have been greatly Condition, narrow in some Places, and almost impas-benefited thereby, and the Counties of Worcester, sable in Winter, and cannot be properly repaired and Gloucester, Warwick, and Hereford, are supplied with widened by the ordinary Course of Law. — And the Coals in a constant and regular Manner by Means of Witness added, That the repairing and widening the . the present Navigations; and that the said Bill for said Road will be a Means of opening a Communi-making the proposed Canal does not even profess to cation to Lincolnshire and other Places oVer Carlton open a Communication with any new Mines or new Terry.

Markets which are not at present accessible by Means Mr. confirmed the above Evidence,

of the existing Navigations, and which are fully suf- Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

ficient for all the Purposes of Trade and Commerce; Table, and that the River Severn is a free Navigation formed

by Nature, and of die greatest Importance to the Mr. Barlow reported from the-Committee, to whom Haverford-Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, but in dry the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in west and Seasons it is often deficient in Water for navigating Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Haver-Vessels of heavy Burthen thereon, and the Petitioners fordwest, through the Town of to the Town reported.'

understand the Supply of Water necessary for the said of Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and also from

proposed Canal is to be taken from or out of the the Town of Fishguard, towards the City of Saint

said River Severn, the doing whereof will, as the Pe- David's, so far as a certain Place called Jordanston titioners conceive, occasion an irreparable Injury to Water, in the said County of Pembroke, was coromit-the Navigation thereon, and be highly injurious to tedj That the Committee had examined the Allega-the 1 Petitioners and the Public: And therefore pray- tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

ing, That they may be heard, by themselves, their that the' Committee had gone through the Bill, and

Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the made several Amendments thereunto,-which they had same may hot pass into a Law'. directed him to report to the House; and he read.

Petition A Petition of the Merchants and principal Inhabi- the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

against the tants of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

and Wwce Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; ter ra°«i likewise presented to the House, and read; Taking and then a Second Time, One by One; and, u[>on the

Bill. Notice of the Bill mentioned in the last preceding Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

Petition: And praying, That the said Bill may not the House.

piss into a Law. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to ingrossed. lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making

and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or A Petition of certain Proprietors of Land and Petition re-from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the Growers of Oats, resident in the Town of Boston, in luting to tiia

County of Warwick, to communicate with the the County of Lincoln, and in the Vicinity of the said p,rn ^6"*

River Severn near to the City of Wirccster, be Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting atMm 1 read a Second Time; and such of the Peti- forth, That the Petitioners occupy large Tracts of Land tioners as desire to be heard by their Counsel subject to be occasionally Overflowed, but which are are to be then heard, by themselves, their naturally suited to the Cultivation of Oats, and are Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon' therefore grievously oppressed by the low Price at their Petitions, if they think fit. which Foreign Oats are now permitted to be import-

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at ed; and that the Expence of carrying Oats Coastwise

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against from the Port of Boston to London, including Freight,

the said Petitions. Shrinkage, Wastage, exclusive of Merchants Profits

See. exceeds in most Cases Two Shillings and Six Re-commit- Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Pence a Quarter, w-hence it appears that, before the

ted Report w hom the Report was re-comroitted, which was made Grower can obtain Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence

to Workso0" from Committee, to whom the Petition of the se- a Quarter for his Produce, the Port of London, his and Debdde veral Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, principal Market, is open for the Importation of'Oats

Hill Roads being Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of Lands, from Holland, East Friesland, &c. but that, neverthe-

Bill report- Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of less, the Petitioners sent Coastwise from the Port of

ed‘ Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had Boston alone, during Three Years, ending at Lady

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Day One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety,

House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turn- 398,467 Quarters of Oats, being on the Average of pike Bills, had not been complied with, it being too late those Three Years 132,822 Quarters a Year; and that to give the Notices as required by the said Orders be- several Thousand Acres of Land in the Neighbour-fore it was resolved to put the Road mentioned in the hood of the Petitioners, well suited to the Growth of Petition under the Care of the Trustees of the Worksop Oats, are at this Time used as Pasture, owing to the Un-Roads, and that the Trustees and Mortgagees of the certainty of the Com Markets, and if the Bill, now de-

Tolls arising upon the said Roads are consenting pending, to regulate the Importation and Exportation

thereto, and that the whole Length of the Road, pro- of Corn, should pass into a Law in its present Form, a

posed to be. amended and repaired by the said Peti- principal Part of the Low Lands lately drained, and, tion, extends about Six Miles; and that the Com- in consequence thereof, charged with a Debt of up-mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; wards of; £.100,000, which now produce the Oats and had directed him to report the same, as it ap- sent Coastwise from the Port of Boston, will probably peared to them, to the House; and he read the Report be laid down into Pasture; and that some Hundred iii his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the thousand Acres of Low Land, lying in the Great Level Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as commonly called The Fens, situate in the Counties of follow eth; viz. Lincoln, Cambridge, with the Isle of Ely, Norfolk,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Huntingdon, Northampton, &c. are still undrained

John Denison, Esquire, being examined, said, That the and uninclosed, and the Petitioners have no Doubt,

Road leading out of the Worksop Turnpike Road at or if the Growers of Oats are permitted to receive a

reasonable

31 Geo. III.

7n Mctr

273

reasonable Price for their Crop, proportionate to the original Subscribers and Mortgagees, that the Com-Expence of raising it, before the Ports are allowed to pany of Proprietors of the said Navigation should be open for the Admission of Foreign Oats, that large impowered to borrow a further Sum of Money upon Tracts of the said Fens will forthwith be drained and the Credit of the Tolls and Duties imposed by an Act inclosed, and much other Land in their Neighbour- of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty; and hood, which is now Pasture, converted into Tillage, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the so that in a few Years the Port of London will be sup- said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, plied from the Fens alone with as large a Quantity of as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Oats as they now receive from Holland and East Fries- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at land, the inhabitants of which Countries are at this the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as present Time, as the Petitioners believe, draining and followed); viz.

improving their Lands with Money received from To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the England for their Crops, while the British Fens are said Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present permitted to remain drowned and uncultivated, in con- Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable sequence of undue Preference given to Foreign Oats; Canal from the River Thames or Isis, at or near and that, if Agriculture was not discouraged by the , to join and communicate with the Preference which is given to Foreign Corn, it cannot Canal at near the Town of Stroud, and

be doubted but this Kingdom wrouid raise more than also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, at or near sufficient for its own Consumption, and that instead Siddington, to or near the Town of Cirencester, in the of depending on Foreign States for a Supply of Grain, Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, was read; whereby we again might be enriched by exporting the Produce Power and Authority were given, by the Ways and of our own Soil; and that large Tracts of the Coun- Means therein mentioned, to make, complete, and

maintain such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cut, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels: And,

Mr. James Black, being examined, said, That the

try, which at present are imperfectly drained, and in an uncultivated State, would, if improved and converted into Tillage, be well adapted to the Growth of Hemp or Flax, which would thereby be greatly encouraged, and the Quantity increased: And therefore Whole of the said Canal and Collateral Cut is nearly praying. That the House will take these Circumstances completed; and the Company have expended the Sum into their most serious Consideration, and that in the of £. 130,000, raised by the Proprietors amongst them- Bill now depending in Parliament for regulating the selves, and the further Sum of £. bo,000, authorized Importation and Exportation of Corn, such Provision to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Act; but in may be made that the Price of British Corn may not order effectually to complete the said Navigation, it be depressed below its proper Level, by allowing the will be necessary to borrow a further Sum of Money, Importation of Foreign Corn at such Prices as tend as it is deemed necessary that One or more Fire En-to discourage Agriculture in this Country. gines should be erected, and the Tunnel wants large

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Quantities of Lime and Clay, in order to secure a Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, proper Supply of Water. — And he added, That some to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Lands which have been purchased are not yet paid Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on for.

Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, is re-committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to borrow u further Sum of Kings Lynn A Bill for continuing and amending an Act, of the Money to complete the said Navigation: And that (South Gate) Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and Mr. Sir Edward Littleton, and Mr. Hartley do

Road* Bill widening the several Roads from the South Gate, prepare, and bring it), the same, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of

East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Dounham

Market, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin BrowneFolkes, Mr. Walpole, 8cc.: And they are to meet

Roads Bill committed

Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, ac- Brighthelm-cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and ston Roads Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the ®'11 Present* Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Brto The.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex:

King’* Lynn (Hast Gate) Roads Bill committed.

Chamber.

A Bill for continuing an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of Gey ton and and

to the Gate next Hillington, on Common, and

to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An By ng’s Estate Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of the Bill com-Honourable Elizabeth Byng, deceased, in the County m’tud* of Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses to which

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Walpole, See.: And they are to meet Bie Estates so to be sold are subject, was read a Second

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chamber.

Thame* and Mr. Loveden reported from the Committee, to w hom Severn Canal the Petition of the Company of Proprietors, of the Company’* Thames and Severn Canal Navigation was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brand's the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of to enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon Estate Bill the House relative to Navigation Bills, it not being the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Brand, coni,nitted> proposed to extend, or in any Manner to alter, the Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in Line of the Navigation, nor to raise any further Sum the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled of Money by Tolls or Duties for that Purpose; and to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein that it will be very much for the Advantage of the mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Vol.46. 4 A Resolved,

274 7° iforfi*. 1791.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. mer, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Fowey Sir Gilbert Elliot, from the Select Committee, who

Election vrere appointed to try and determine the Merits of the determined. Petition of the Honourable Richard Edgcumbe, commonly called Lord Vand Philip Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Right honourable Molineux Lord Shuldham, and Sir Ralph , Knight of the Bath; and also, the Petition of John Rashleigh, Richard Henn Samuel Nevel Nor-

way, and Benjamin Bloomfield, of the Borough in the County of Cornwall, being Persons who had a Right to vote at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on Behalf of them- selves and others, who were at the said Election lawful Electors for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That the Merits of the Petitions did in Part depend upon the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing, the Returning Officer, who was to make Return of such V Election; and that, thereupon, the said Select Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing, the Returning Officer for the said Borough, for which they respectively contended.

That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Petitioners, Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Portreeve is the Returning Officer at Elections to serve in Parliament for the Borough of " Fowey; the Portreeve for the said Borough is chosen " or presented by the Homage, at the Court holden " for the said Manor of Fowey, usually soon after " Michaelmas, by the Steward, or the Deputy of the " Steward, of the Prince of Wales, Lord of the said u Borough and Manor in Right of his Dutchy of " Cornwall."

That the Counsel for the Petitioners, Lord Valletort and Philip Rashleigh, Esquire, and also, for the Petitioners, John Rashleigh, Richard Hennah, Samuel Nicolls, Nevel Norway, and Benjamin Bloomfield, of the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, on Behalf of themselves and others, who were at the last Election lawful Electors for the said Borough, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Persons entitled to elect the Portreeve of the Borough of Fowey, are those who are capable " of holding that Office, that is, such Prince’s Tenants " only as have been duly admitted on the Court Rolls " of the Manor of the said Borough, and have done their Fealty, and such Persons only are duly admitted whose Lands were anciently, and continue to " be, held immediately of the Duke of Cornwall, as Parcel of his said Manor of the said Borough, and " whose Titles to those Lands have been presented at " a Court Baron by a Sworn Homage, or Jury of the Freeholders of the said Borough."

That the said Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them touching the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing, the Returning Officer for the said Borough of Fowey, have determined,

That the Portreeve of the Borough of Foivey is the Returning Officer for the said Borough, and that it is necessary that such Returning Officer should be chosen or presented by a Homage or Jury of Prince’s Tenants, duly admitted on the Court Rolls of the Manor of the said Borough, and that Prince’s Tenants, admitted by the Steward or Deputy Steward at a Court holden in the said Manor, are duly admitted, and that the

K

Presentment of the Homage is not necessary to such Admission:

That the said Select Committee have also determined,

That Thomas Mein was the proper Returning Officer at the late Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Fowey:

And also, That the said Select Committee havq determined,

That the Right honourable Lord Shuldham is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of

Cornwall:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Ralph Payne is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough;

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That the Right honourable Lord Valletort is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, and ought to have been returned by the said Thomas Mein:

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That Philip Rashleigh, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, and ought to have been returned by the said Thomas Mein:

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined,

That the said several Petitions did not any of them appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have

determined.

That the Opposition of the said Parties, any or either of them, to any or either of the said Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the sa,id Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the Double Return for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, and amend the same, by taking off the File the Indenture of Return made by Stackhouse, by which the said Lord Valletort and Philip Rashleigh, Esquire, are returned; and by amending the Indenture of Return made by Thomas Mein, by which the said Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne are returned, by rasing out the Names of the said Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, and inserting the Names of the said Lord Valletort and Philip Rashleigh,

Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Quebec Bill House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal certain presented. Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more " effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North Am," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Pro- vince: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Severmight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for removing any Doubt respect- East India ing the Sale or Mortgage of Annuities, pursuant to an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign p of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the East India Company to raise Money by a Sale of

" Annuities,

31 Geo. III.

7° Mar

27 5

The Lords have agreed to

Marine Mutiny Bill.

Bill to amend Act respecting Troops sent to the Last Indies.

" Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock," to report, when the House will please to receive the was read the Third Time. same.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow be. An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Sale Morning. or Mortgage of Annuities, pursuant to an Act made in

the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply de* jesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the East India to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, &ned.

" Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

" by increasing their Capital Stock." be now read.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to And the said Order being read accordingly;

~ Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Ceoimittee of the whole House, Means de-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ferretl-Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Counsel

removing any Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintain- heard on 2*

Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners ing a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of -

for the Adairs of India,to direct that the Expence ford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut Gloucester"

" of raising, transporting, and maintaining, such " Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security " of the British Territories and Possessions in The " East Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues " arising from the said Territories and Possessions; " and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues, in the Manner therein mentioned," as relates to such Directions as shall be given or approved by tire

from the same to tire Town of Nezvent, in the County of Caual Bill. Gloucester;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and

said Commissioners, with respect to the Payment of principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of certain Proportions of His Majesty’s Forces in India, in the County of Gloucester; and also, the Petition of

Glasgow Roads Bill.

and of the European Forces of the East India Company, therein specified; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth

the Gentlemen, Merchants, Farmers, Traders, Dealers, and others, residing in and near the Town of Upton upon Severn, in the County of Worcester; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others. Inhabitants in or near the Market Town of Ledbmy,

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for mak- in the County of Hereford; and also, the Petition of ing and repairing the Road from the City of Glas- several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and others, gozc, in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk,in the Proprietors and Occupiers of Land on or near the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of Line of an intended Navigable Canal from the City of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the Hereford, to communicate with the River Severn at the County of Dun fries, and other Roads communicating City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the said therewith; and for the more effectually repairing the Canal to the Town of Neu'ent, in the County of

said Roads, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals, and new Bridge of Glasgow, to the Chapel of buslang, in the said County of Lanark, and Branches thereof, and for making and repairing the Road from

Gloucester; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, in and near the City of Hereford; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other principal

the said Chaj>el of Cambuslang,till it joins the High Inhabitants of the Town of in the County

Koaci leading from Hamilton, by Burnbank, towards Eaglesham, in the County of without any

Amendment.

of Monmouth, and its Vicinity; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Town and Borough of Monmouth, in Common Council assembled; and also of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other principal Inhabitants of the said Town and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Borough, and its Neighbourhood, were also read.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committee

on American to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade Bill, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United Stales of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly:

~ O J 7

J he House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. ILuryHobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; winch they had d.rected him Yol. 46.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions, and went through his Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill having stated to the House, That he deemed it unnecessary to offer any Thing to the House in Support of the said Bill;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Air. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pul, Hereford and That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Gloucester Canal - Bill committed.

Tellers for the Noe,{

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

6i.

5-

And

A. 1791.

276 7* — 8® — 9° Martii.

And the said Bill was committed to Sir George Corne-wall, Mr. Scudamore, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the' Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 8* die Martii;

Anno 31* Georgii IIltH Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

Proceedings 1 'HE Hour appointed for taking into Considera-°M ^ei tion th® Petition of Richard Hudson, Esquire,

lion Petition. compla*ning of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.-

And being returned;

Fowey The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, accord-

*etur? ing to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of

am£n e Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, by taking off the

File the Indenture of Return made by William Stack-house, by which the Honourable Richard Edgcumbe, commonly called Lord VaUetort, and Philip Esquire, are returned; and by amending the Indenture of Return made by Thomas Mein, by which the Right honourable Molineux Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Bath, are returned, by rasing out the Names of the said Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, and inserting the Names of the said Lord Valletort and Philip Rashleigh, Esquire, instead thereof.

Considera- Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and tion of Bara- Eighty-one Members only being present, Mr. Speaker tiorfpetition directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for deferred. taking the said Petition into Consideration, and adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock

in the Afternoon.

0

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 9* die Martii;

Anno 31* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

Barnstaple* rI 'HE Hour appointed for taking into Considera-Election X tion the Petition of Richard Wilson, Esquire, petiu,on complaining of an undue Election and Return for the considered. Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, being - come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to tiy and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly, r And being returned;

The Earl of Carysfort, from the Select Committee, Pontefract

who were appointed to try and determine the Merits Election of the Petition of Charles Mellish and John Anstruther, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of Burgage Tenure within the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, and, as such.

Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the Petitions did wholly depend upon the Right of Election; and that, therefore, the said Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended.

That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Petitioners, Charles Mellish and John Anstmther,

Esquires, and also, for the Petitioness the Freeholders of Burgage Tenure within the Borough of in the County of York, and, as such, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" Statement on the Part of John Anstruther, and " Charles Mellish, Esquires.

" The Right of Election for Members to serve in " Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the " County of York, is in Persons having within the " said Borough a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, paying " a Burgage Rent."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members,

Smyth, and William Sotheron, Esquires, 'delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Counsel for the Sitting Members state the " Right of Election for the Borough of Pontefract to " be in the Inhabitants Housholders Resents."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined, »

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the Borough of Pontes ract, in the County of York.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel. for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the said Borough of Pontefract.

That the said Select Committee have also determined,

That John Smyth, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That William Sotheron, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Pontefract:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Petitions did not either of them appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious r

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said John Smyth, Esq'uire, and WillianuSotheron, Esquire, to the said Petitions, did

not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Then

31 Geo. III. Martii.

Proceedings od Barnstaple Election Petition.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and built near Forty Years ago, at a very considerable

One hundred and Twenty-five Members being present; Expence, by the Petitioners or Persons under whom

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar. they claim and enjoy the same, and has been of great

And the Door of the House being locked; Public Use, principally in the weighing of Coals

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition, brought by Land Carriage for Sale at by

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the which the said Machine has been and is almost

Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, into wholly supported, and if the said Bill passes into a

Law, new Weighing Machines or Engines will be erected at or near the several Wharfs which, in such Case, will be made at or near the Town of Leicester, and a very small Quantity of Coals, if any, will be weighed at the said Machine of the Petitioners, and the Petitioners will thereby be greatly injured in their Property in the said Machine, out of the Profits w hereof £. $

Consideration, was read

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Eight Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Thomas Pelham being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the per Annum is charged by the Will of the late Mr. John said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member. Bass, payable to the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mar-And the Names of Sixteen other Members, then in Leicester, and which Profits will be in a great

present, were drawn, w ho were not objected to Measure, if not totally, abolished: And therefore pray-

And the Name of James Adams, Esquire, being drawn, ing the House to take the Premises into Consideration, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the and, if such intended Bill should pass into a Law, that Counsel for the Petitioner. there may be proper Clauses and Provisions inserted

And the Names of Twenty-five other Members, then therein, for making Satisfaction to the Petitioners for the present, were drawn, w ho were not objected to Injury they may sustain in their Property above men-

Note. That in the Course of drawing the said tioned, by Reason of the said intended Navigable Com; Names, the Names of Fifty-six other Members, munication, or that the Petitioners may have such other then present, were drawn and set aside; Six on Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet. Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, upwards (before sworn); Twelve against whose until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Election Petitions were depending; Sixteen as Communication between the Loughborough Canal and theu serving on Select Committees; and Twenty- the Town of and for making and maintaining a

two on Account of having, in this Session, served Communication by Railways, or Stone Roads, and on Select Committees. Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the same, complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the by passing along the said Canal, to the said Navigable Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Communication, all in the County of Leicester, be read Counsel and Agents withdrew. a Second Time.

King’s S#dg- An ingrossed Bill for draining and dividing a cer-moor Dram- tain Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called King's *^e 1 .{* Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third

«i&Ulu 13111 rv'1*

passed. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and dividing a certain Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Deal raving A Bill for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the Bill com- Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and nutted. Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for Removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phelips, Sir John Honyriood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Barstonand A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Plangar in- Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Woods, and other Common-cummitud' a^e Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of mml e ‘ j Barston,otherwise Barkestone, and in the County of Leicester, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Baker, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five.of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition re- A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are lating to the thereunto subscribed, being the Proprietors of a Ma-roogb and chine standing and being on the Coal in Leicester, Leicester used for weighing of Coals and other Commodities Canal Bill, brought for Sale to that Place, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Loughborough Canal and the Town of Leicester;and that the said W eighing Machine was

Vor.

A Petition of the Right honourable Other Ear! of Petitions in Plymouth, the Right honourable George Earl Brooke and fa.your 01 tb« Earl of Warwick,the Right honourable Francis Seymour Come ay ,commonly called Lord Viscount Beauchamp, ter Canal Sir Hairy Gough Calthorpe, Baronet, Jervoisc Bill.

JoToise, Esquire, and Thomas Holmes, Esquire, Owners of several Mills and Waterworks on the Rivers Rea and Arrow, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester:

And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed:

And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of or belonging to the City of Bristol: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Free Burgesses of the Borough of Bossincy;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir George Augustus William ShuckburgJi reported frorti Deretend

the Committee, to whom the Bill for cleansing, lighting, and Bordes-and watching, and levelling the Surfaces, of the Streets ,ey Streets and other public Places within the Hamlets of Dere- ®dl reported. tend and Bordeslcy, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, and regulating the Driving of Carts and other Carriages used for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through

4 B the

278 9° Martil A. 1791.

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ravee's Nat. Sir George Augustus William presented to

Bill present- the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing 'd‘ Anthony Ilavee:And the same was received; and read

the First Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Birmingham Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining and Wor- a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Ml deferred Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Corn Regu- The House was moved, That the Order, made upon lation Bill Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a

deferred. Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider

further of the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Powers to Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Committee who are appointed to consider of the best Method for the^errTe-8 regu*at'nS l*ie Temperature of the Air in the House of mture of the Commons, that they have Power to take into Consider-a \t in the ation other Accommodations for the House.

House. Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send

for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bill to pro- The Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur-vide for the ther Consideration the Report from the Committee of the Enf torment ^ouse> to whom the Bill to provide for the

of Offenders Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, deferred. and for the Regulation of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant March.

Aloester The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, Road Petition to w[lom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Free-reporte holders, and others, of the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Harman being examined, said, That the Road leading from Alcester to Campden, and from thence to a Place called Upton Old Lane, being the Turnpike Road leading from Worcester to London, is greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Alcester and Evesham Turnpike Road at the End of WixfordLane, in the County of Warwick, to Chipping Campden, and from thence to Upton Old

Lane, in the County of Gloucester: And that the Lord Beauchamp and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Petition for others, of the Counties of Salop and Denbigh, was pre- additional sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the the^Oswes- Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor try, &c. belonging to the Town of Oswestry, and to certain Poor Bill. Parishes within the Hundred of Oswestry, in the County of Salop, and to such Part of the Parish of Llanymynech

as lies within the said Hundred, and to the Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, and to the Parish of Llansilin, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend the Inhabitants of other Parishes and Places within the Counties of Salop, Denbigh, or Montgomery, may hereafter be desirous of having the Poor of such Parishes and Places respectively put under the Care and Management of the Guardians to be incorporated by the said Bill, and maintained and employed under the Provisions thereof, in case they shall be allowed so to do: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for putting the Poor of any such Parish or Place under the Care and Management of the said Guardians, in case the Inhabitants of any such Parishes or Places shall at any Time hereafter be desirous thereof, and shall agFee with the said Guardians for the maintaining and employing the Poor of such Parishes or Places.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Call, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Walford’s to dissolve the Marriage of John the Younger Divorce BMl with Sojihia Elizabeth Jeancs, his now Wife, and to cominlUe enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Sevennight, the 18th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Manchester whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Canal l’etl' Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, onrePor': interested in the Welfare of Agriculture and Commerce, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;

That the Committee 'had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Matthew Fletcher, Mr. Charles and Mr.

William Bennett, being examined, said, That it is practicable to make a Navigable Canal from the Town of Manchester to or near to the Town of Bolton, and to or near to the Town of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, as delineated in the Plan annexed to the Petition; and £ that

31 Geo. III. 9° M279

that the same will be productive of great Public Utility, by promoting Agriculture and Commerce, and will also be the Means of facilitating, as well the Conveyance of Merchandizes brought into, manufactured, used, and consumed in the aforesaid Towns, and the adjacent Country, as of the Produce thereof, and of the Neighbourhood.

OrderedThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Man-

w u v?

Chester to or near Presto-lee Bridge, in the Township of Little Lexer, and from thence by one Branch to or near the Town of Holton, and by another Branch to or near the Town of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Thomas

Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Chippenham Mr. Joshua Smith presented to the House, according *nCl<uted *° ^rc^cr> a Pill for dividing, inclosing, and laying in preaeu . Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, |Ioaths, and Commonable Lands, within the Township of in the County of Cambridge: And thq^ame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ron Roads An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term, and varying BUI passed, the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, und for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Streets or Highways within the said Town, and also certain small Pieces of Road communicating with the Roads comprized in the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Streets or Highways within the said Town, and also certain small Pieces of Road communicating with the Roads comprized in the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir George do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition A Petition of the Reverend Joseph Cartwright, John

respecting Vernon, Junior, Esquire, and Thomas Gen-

ham and"tlcman, Executors of the last Will of the Right ho-Worcester nourable John late Lord Viscount Dudley and JVard,

Canal Bill, deceased, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to make a Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to or near Worcester,to which hath been annexed a List of Names of several Persons as Subscribers to such proposed Undertaking, which List concludes with " Executors of John late Lord Dudley and JVard " £. 2,000;" and Representing to the House, That the Petitioners never became Subscribers to the said Undertaking, nor were they ever applied to for that Purpose, or consulted on the Occasion thereof, nor did the said John late Lord Viscount Dudley and JVard, deceased (as the Petitioners believe) ever subscribe to such Undertaking, the said Vicount having died in the Month of October 1788, long before such Scheme w as in Agitation; and that the Petitioners feel themselves particularly aggrieved by having their Names introduced as Subscribers to the said Undertaking, in as 'niuch' as they, as F.xecutors of the said John late Lord Viscount Dudley stand possessed of

Ten Shares in the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, and of Eighteen Shares in the Dudtey Canal Navigation, as Part of the Personal Estate of the said John late Viscount Dudley and JVard, for the Benefit of the Daughter and only Child of the said John late Lord Viscount Dudley and JVard, who is a Minor, which Property the Petitioners arc well satisfied would be greatly injured, in case the said proposed Canal from Birmingham to JVoreester should take Place, and there-Vol. 46.

fore the Petitioners are against the present Undertaking; and that the Insertion of " Executors of the said John " late Lord Dudley and JVard " in such List, as Subscribers to the said Undertaking, is, as the Petitioners submit, a Fraud upon the Petitioners, and an Imposition upon the House: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Balter, See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Quantities of Sugar and Rum imported Sugar and into and exported out of Great Britain, from the 1st of R0urI^(jm^c January to the 31st of December 1790, with the Amount ^e^d. c’ of the Duties paid thereon, together with the Drawbacks paid on Exportation.

Mr. Barlow reported from the Committee, to whom Pembroke the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping iu and Carmar-Repair, the Roads leading from Robeston JVathan to p*nRoads , Saint Clears, and from Narberth, by Cme cce yr Cum, 1 repor to Fishguard, and from Egervmit Bridge, to the Little Mill, and from Ludchurch to Glandybank, and from Whitley Lane to Narberth, and from Llether, on Llan-dacy Hill, to the End of the Lane leading to garregHouse, and from Tact rnspiteto Llcchclatcdd, and from Mud Lake to the Top of Bronscazcen in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and- made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Estimates suant to their Address to 11 is Majesty, presented —

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Out-Chclsea Hospital, for the Year 1791. Pensioners.

Mr Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea In-Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Ilos- Pensioner*. pital, for the Year 1791: And also;

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the widows Widow s of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1791: Pensions. And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances Half Pav. to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, including the Half Pay of the Officers of the late Independent Companies of Foot, for the Year 1791: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1791: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1791: A»d also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs Scotch Roads of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, and for the Year 1791, approved by Lieutenant General Ixird Adam Gat'don, Commander of His Majesty’s Forces there.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as follow eth;

ESTIMATE

280

9° Martii.

A. 1791.

Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

Chelsea W Pensioners.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1791.

19,500 Out-Pensioners, at Five Pence per Diem each, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791, deducting for Pensions unclaimed £. 2,149. 17- 6.

400 Letter Men, at One Shilling per Diem each ——

31 Serjeants, at Nine Pence per Diem each....

146,131 7 6

7»3oo ——

424 6 3

_____________ L

19*931

£ s.

153.853 *3 9

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying the Out-Pensioners To Agents Clerks ——

To the Agent of Out-Pensioners, per Annum

For the Rent of a House for examining the Out-Pensioners

1,445 2 —

500 ——

1,000 ——

200 ——

From which Deduct, out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions

3,145 2

1,200 —

Deduct already voted on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1791 - ....

In all to be made good for 1791

*,945 2 —

155,800 15 9

5,546 —

£ 150,254 15 6|

War Office,

9 March 1791.

Geo.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital, for the Year 1791.

Pay, per Annum, of 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers

Clothing for Ditto -

Salaries of Governor, and other Officers -

Board Wages, and Table for Ditto -

Surgeon and Apothecary ——

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary -Tradesmen -

Provisions ——

Contingencies, and Extraordinaries -

Deduct out of Poundage on Out-Pensions for 1791

In all to be made good for j 791

I- d.

1,266 2 4 911 7 5 3,821 9 —

493 10 — 1,800 ——

2,695 ——

4,500 ——

8,514 ——

3,911 ——

27,912 8 9

4,000 ——

- £

23,912 8 9

' < -

War Office,

9 March 179 V

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE

31 Geo. III. 9° Martii.

281

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for

Year 1791.

Numbers. Rank of their late Husbands. Rate of Pension. Charge.

32 - -24 - - 19 155 163 123 - -1 - - Widows of Colonels - Lieutenant Colonels -Majors - - - Captains Lieutenants - - -Ensigns ----- Physician’s Widow ----- 50 40 30 26 20 16 j£. s. d. 1,600 960 570 4,030 3,260 1,968 — — 30

517 12,418

The Amount of Twelve Pence in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above stated - Salary of the Deputy Paymaster, per Annum ----- 620 18 — 100 700

J X KJ 1

In all - - - 13.138 18 —

From which may be deducted the following Sums, already voted; viz'. On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons, 1791 - -Ditto for the Marine Corps ----- -- 2,621 18 9 806 15 — 3,428 13 9

Remains to be provided - - I- 9,710 4 3

War Office,

9 March 1791.

Yonge.

N. B. In the 123 Widows above-mentioned are included the Widows of Cornets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Masters, and Surgeons, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign’s Widow.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, including the Half Pay of the Officers of the late Independent Companies of Foot, for the Year 1791.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791, both inclusive ——

For Reduced Officers of the late Independent Companies of Foot, for the Year 1791 Allowance to One Officer of the Reduced Horse - - - - -. 45 126

Ditto to Five Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at Ten Pounds per Annum each - - -50 — —

Ditto to Eleven Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at Seven Pence per Diem each - - -11721

jC- d. 155,287 5 5 10,000 ——

812 14 7

War Office,

9 March 1791.

Total

L

165,500 ——

Geo. Yonge.

4C ESTIMATE

Widows

Pensions.

Half Pay.

9° Martii

A. 1T91.

Half Pay. ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

American Forces, for the Year 1791.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for 365 Pays, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791, both Days inclusive ——

d-

55,092 10 —

Allowances to Officers of Ditto, per Annum

4,907 10 — f

War Office,

9 March 1791.

In all for 1791

w ~

60,000 ——

Geo. Yonge.

=c=

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the

Service of the States General, for the Year 1791.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 17911 both Days inclusive - -- -- - £. 3,161 10 10

War Office,

9 March 1791.

Geo. Yonge.

Scotch ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Roads and Britain, for the Year 1791, approved by Lieutenant General Lord Adam , Commander of His

Bridge*. Majesty’s Forces there.

Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1791 - -- -- -.....£. 5,911 4 3

War Office,

9 March 1791.

Geo. Yonge.

Ordered,

Account of Sums granted for the Ordnance in 1786, 1787, &c. presented*

Chadwick Inclosure Bill presented.

31 Geo. III. 9° Mart283

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Craxrfurd presented to the House, pursuant to

their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Sums granted by Parliament for Service of His Majesty’s Ordnance in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789 and 1790 respectively: and also, an Account of the Expences incurred for Services not provided for by Parliament in each of the said Years.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Chadwick, otherwise Chadwick, in the Parish of in the County of Worcester; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hopkins, from the Commissioners for executing Estimates of the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Isav>’ Pebt ' presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, and Extra ot’

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy on Navy - pre-the 31 st December 1790. sented.

Mr. Hopkins also, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1791: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1791.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimates, are as followeth; viz.

Vo 1. 46.

Navy

Debt.

Navy Office, ]An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter 17th February 1791- J mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1790.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c\ supplied for the Service thereof -

For Freight of-Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, &c\ for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1790, as also to several Bills of Exchange ——

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made , by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf - -

Seamen’s Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1790 To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, &c\

1

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz'.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -For paying off all Bills entered on their Course - -

For Provisions delivered and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1790 For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz*.

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and Contingencies relating to that Office ——

The Total amounts to Four Million Six hundred and Twenty-five thousand One hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven Pence ——

From thence deducting the Money in the"

Treasurer’s Hands - - - - as on the

And also the Money that remained to other Side.

come in of the Supplies -The Debt will then be One Million Eight hundred and Eighteen thousand and Twenty Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven Pence Halfpenny ——

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers, between the 1st January and 31st December 1790

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling (which is also included in this Debt) that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers and Convicts, between the 1st January and 31st December 1790, is....

Particulars.

1,685,445 8 5

128,107 7 1

266,680 ——

118,310 14 11

491,219 16 11 416,100 16 11

119,604 4 4J

31>3°5 4 1,270,549 1 10

22,126 12 1

n,53o 9 8

18,540 ——

Total.

£ S. d.

2,198,543 10 5

11026,924 18 2

378,145 19 3 '

2,429,006 15 8}j

C

47,242 1 6

37,349 13 9*

84,591 15 31

1,354,051 8 —

45,653 2 4

4,625,172 18 11

2,807,152 14 111

1,818,020 3 n{

Mcmdum.

o

Mend"*. There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 3m December 1790, in Money, as under mentioned, and may be Reckoned towards , C0

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the N«w

the Navy.

In what Treasurer’s Hands.

Right honourable 1 Vellore Ellis

Right honourable Isaac Barr£ -

Right honourable Henry Dundas (1st Treasp)

Right honourable Charles Tawmhend

Right honourable Henry JDundas (2d Tress') -

Ditto, on new Account -

IN MONEY.

"1 In Money ——

J Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

*1 In Money ——

J Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

1 In Money - - ....

J Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

}In Money ——

Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

In Money -

J Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

1 In Money

J Di

Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

On the HEADS of

f Wear and Tear,

Ordinary, und Seamen’s Wages.

Transports. %

£, f d. £>' s. d.

5,373 2 1 1 >445 9 10

73 8 7

3,289 9 10 3,403 10 9 i

m 10 17 9

3,602 11 Hi 4,293 14 91

77 8 8

3,145 2 6 £ 4,372 12 10

- 64 5 8

4j^54 6 — 1,811 — 5 £

44 3 11 i

183,68316111 149,055 16 — |

- 3,581 - 41

203,948 9 4 i 168,233 9 9 f

2,753

13 5ij

5,964 —

o

M

O

Victuals. total.

C s. d. 497 4 7 jC- S. d. 7,389 5 1

398 19 — I J 7,102 17 5|

508 12 7f j 8,482 8 — £

95i 10 1 ij 8,533 11 1

854 — 3 7,563 10 8

o

a

339>°74 6 10

378.145 19 3

a

w

H

W

-n

H

There remained, on the 31st December 1790, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies Henry Martin. /. Henslmv. Geo. . Geo.

£ s. d.

- 2,429,006. 15- 8 f.

E. Lt Cras.

Sam1 Wallis.

to

OD

!Z

JD

286

9° Martii.

A. 1791.

Navy

Ordinary

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1791.

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of]

Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c\ the Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto ——

2. Superannuated Sea Officers - - - - 29,004 12

3. Pensions, and other Allowances - - - 10,637 6

"I

11J

4- > ^Chatham 5 -"l

5- Deptford ----- -- 3,585 18

6. Yards -< Woolwich - - - 4,057 ,6-1

7- Portsmouth - - - - 6,126 10 —

8. Sheerness 8 6

9- > ^Plymouth 4,946 00

10. Muster Master, and other Officers of the Out Ports ——

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary.....- -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein - -

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings, and of Harbour Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, &c\ -

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers

16.

17-

18.

Bounty to Chaplains - - - - , -

Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1791

C

57,553 14 39,641 19 10

*5,35» 5 *

4,508 6 11 70,838 7 5 30,824 5 — 52,020 ——

J95,530 ——

172,000 ——

1,231 17 6

33,745 10 5

6,150 7 —

689,395 13 4

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1791, amounts to Six hundred and Eighty-nine thousand Three hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence.

Henry Martin. Geo. Rogers.

J. Henslaw.

IV. BeUingiutm.

Geo. Marsh. E. Le Cras.

Sam?JVallis.

NAVY

o

cr>

NAVY OFFICE, 17th February 1791.

CO

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Y ards, and other Extra o

Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1791. W

Place where.

Deptfobd -

Woolwich

Chatham

Guns,

Ships Names.

Building, or Nature of their Repair.

98 Neptune -1

74 Mars -J

50 New -

Sloop New -

36 Venus -

32 Fox -

— j Active *

74 Minotaur.

Centaur -

98 New -

32 New -

50 Romney -

32 Ceres -

3s Latona -

32 Iris -

Fire Ship Tisiphone -

110 Ville de Paris

98 I; New -

32 ! New.

— > li New.

74 Suffolk -

— 1: Invincible -

| Conqueror -

— I Ramillies -

— ( Audacious -

— Terrible -

— Victorious -

— Zealous -

50 Grampus -

Building -

Ordered to be built Ordered to be built Large Repair -Large Repair -Large Repair -

Building -

Ordered to be built -Ordered to be built -Ordered to be built -Large Repair -Large Repair -For completing her Furniture'

For completing her Furniture and Stores For completing her Furniture and Stores

Time when may be

Taken in Hand.

Completed.

Charge of their

Hulls, Masts, and Yards.

In Hand -

Uncertain

February 1791 In Hand -September 1791

In Hand -

December 1791 August 1791 -Uncertain

- Uncertain

In Hand -In Hand -and Stores

October 1791 October 1791

Building -Ordered to be built Ordered to be built Ordered to be built Large Repair -Large Repair -Large Repair -Small Repair -Very Small Repair Very Small Repair Very Small Repair Very Small Repair Small Repair -

Iu Hand - - Uncertain

In Hand -In Hand -July 1791 -February 1791 April 1791 May 1791 July 1791 -September 1791 February 179*

December 1791 July 1791 Uncertain April 1791 -

‘May 1791 -

June 1791 August 1791 -October 1791 May 1791

L

8.000 300 600 500

8.000

7.700

1.000

16.700

6.000

1.000 500

9,460

5,150

6.000

1.000 300 300

20,100 13,050 11,000 3,700

2.000

2.000

2.000

2.000

7,350

Rigging nnd Stores.

c

200

400

400

100

270

200

l8o

100

330

130

200

Total.

I-

8.000 300 600 500

8,200

8.100

1.000

17.100

6.000

1.000 500

9,560

5,4*20

200

180

100

6.000

1.000 300 300

20,100 13,370 11,000-3,830

2.000

2.000

2.000

2.000 7,550

*8

sv

=‘SS

q ET -o

c

g

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

Sheerness -

Portsmouth

Plymouth -

74 Irresistible -

— Resolution -

— Theseus

64 folyphemus

50 Antelope

44 Diomede *

32 Cleopatra -

2? Maidstone

Sloop Merlio

— Kingsfisher -

98 Prince of Wales

Dreadnought

50 New -

Sloop New -

98 Queen

74 Triumph

— Ganges

64 St Albans -

— Repulse

— Indefatigable

38 Phaeton

80 Caesar -

100 New -

80 Foudroyant -

98 Blenheim

90 Ocean

74 Fortitude

64 Intrepid

50 Europa

32 Alarm

For completing^ lier Furniture and Stores For completing her Sails For completing her Sails For completing her Rigging and Blocks

Ordered to be huilt -fBetween Middling \ Great Repair fBetween Middling \ Great Repair Middling Repair fBetween Middling \ Great Repair Middling Repair

Building -Building -

Ordered to be built -Ordered to be built -Great Repair -Middling Repair ' fBetween Small and dling Repair Between Small and dling Repair -Small Repair Small Repair -Middling Repair

and")

andj

andj

Building -

Ordered to be-built -Building -

Very Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -fBetween Middling f Great Repair Middling Repair fBetween Middling \ Great Repair

February 1791

In Hand -April 1791 March 1791 In Hand -

In Hand -In Hand -

andfj

-J

and|

In Hand -September 1791

In Hand -

In Hand -

June 1791 June 1791 In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -March 1791

Mav 1791 *

In Hand -In Hand -In Hand -In Hand -

Total for the Ships in the King’s Yards

December 1791 m

February 1791

Uncertain

July 1791 -

March 1791 -

Uncertain

Uncertain

September 1791

Uncertain

April 1791 -

June 1791

October 1791

September 1791

June 1791.

Uncertain

Uncertain

June 1791

October 1791

July 1791 -

October 1791

April 1791 -

February 1791

s Yards -

2,820

5.000

2,530

1.300 2,720

2.000

12.000

1.000 600 500

13.000 6,500

16,390

16,500

5.000

4,.5oo

6,400

7.000

1.000

5.000 7,600

12.300 8,700

15.000 7,100 4,770

302,940

200

200

200

100

200

200

200

200

400

400

m

200

100

200

<n 2:

ft»’S i» g>

S

200

200

200

100

2,820

5.000

2,530

1.500 2,920 2,200

12,200

1.000

600

500

13,000

6.500

16,790

16,900

5.000 4,500 6,600

7.000

1.000 5,00°

7.700 12,300

8.700

15,000

7,300

4,770

5,300

308,240

288 9° Mar A. 1791.

s

MERCHANTS YARDS.

River Thames -

Northfleet Harwich Chatham -Rochester -

Bucklekshard

Northam -

-m 36 Flora - Repairing m 1 In Hand - June 1791 13,350 1,200

' Leda - Repairing w In Hand - June 1791 4.150 -

32 Andromache Repairing m In Hand - May 1791 - 6,000 1,100

— Boston Repairing m In Hand - May 1791 - 8,500 - -

Dedalus Repairing m In Hand - May 1791 - 10,810 m m m

— - Orpheus Repairing , - m In Hand - June 1791 - 5,200 1,100

— Success Repairing - In Hand - December 1791 10,800 -

24 Ampbitrite - Repairing . In Hand - September 1791 £ 5,700 m

m — 32 Herinione - Repairing In Hand - December 1791 11,250 m m

m — Magicienne - Repairing , In Hand - November 1791 7,410 -

- 28 Tartar Repairing m . In Hand - November 1791 8,290

w 33 L’Aimable - Repairing In Hand - November 1791 12,550 m rn m

— Le Concorde Repairing m In Hand - December 1791 12,550 1,000

» m 40 Beaulieu Building m In Hand - May 1791 2,810 100

36 Santa Margaritta Repairing - In Hand - December 1791. 10,810 no

w 20 Ariadne ~~ Repairing - In Hand - - June 1791 - 5,4io 600

Total 135,49° 5,210

Total for the Ships in the King’s Yards, brought forward . 302,940 5,300

Total of the Merchants Yards, brought forward - - - m 135,49° 5,210

' Grand Total for the Ships - 438,430 10,510

U,45o 4,150 7»ioo 8,500 10,810 6,300 10,800 5,700 11,250 7,4io 8,290

12.550

13.550 2,910

10,920

6,oio

140,700

308,240

140,700

448,940

g

eg'

n'

CD

Cl

cr

W

o

o

c§

rT

Woolwich

Chatham

Portsmouth

On Works of the Yards:

Towards completing the Outer Mast Pond, and returned Wharfs to the Mast House Slip, East End, 200 Feet of the South Wall of the Inner Mast Pond, and Part of the Foundation of the Mast Houses ——

To building a Mould Loft with Brick, and Plank Houses under it ——

To complete the Dwellipg House for the Boatswain ....

To building Two Mast Houses with Slips, to join those already built next the River, in order to complete that Range of Buildings To building Houses for stowing the Docking Blocks and Falls, and Hawsers for the Gates, also Houses for the Armourer’s Shop, Boatswain’s and Scavelmens Cabins, &c. ——

To 120 Feet running of Stone Wharf, in Front of the Pitch House Jetty -

To 100 Feet running of Stone Wharf in the Boat House Channel -

Towards carrying on the Dwarf Stone Wharf to the Mast Home Slip ——

Towards carrying on the Wharf and Pier, also the Drains and Well to the Pump House of the proposed new South Dock -

I-

12,000

2.000 210

2.500 1,650

4.000

4.000

1.500

9.000

5* to

ft 5!

Vs

31 Geo. III. 9° Mar 289

Plymouth

.Tocetttptefothe Steriehooses eft the South Endof the Officers ’Lodgings -

.Towards carrying oh the proposed New Smith’s Shop *

To clearing away the Old Foundation, Dams, Shores, and Staging, and-levelling the Bottom of the Reservoir To complete the New Boat Storehouse on the Near Gfound -

320

3>000

1,000

1,660

- TO blowing and levelling the Rock of White House Hill v v '- ——

To joining and carrying on the Wharfs that front the Harbour on each Side of the New North Dock, and Boundary Wall on the said Wharfs at North Corner - -

To completing the East Cross New Storehouse ——

To complefing the Joiner’s and House Carpenter’s Shops and Clock House - - - . -

To completing the New Pitch House, Officer’s Boat-geer House, Caulker's and Look-out Houses - . - -

Towards making gpod the Timber Work of the North Jetty Head leading into the New and North New Docks ——

Towards carrying on the New North Jetty Head ——

Towards digging away the Rock at the North Part of the Yard, and clearing the Ground for building the Armourer’s and Plumbers Shop, &c. ——

Towards repairing Part of the Timber Work of the North Middle Jetty Head, Wharf Wall, and North Landing Stairs - -

Towards building a Wall, digging and blowing away the Rock, &c. at the East End of the Plank Houses which stand over the Mast Locks, to form the Road in Front of the said Houses ——

To completing the New House-Crane ip Front of the New Storehouses -

Towards building the New Armourer’s and Plumber’s Shop, and a Wall to support the Rock at the Back thereof, and at the Back of the-Bricklayer’s and Mason’s Pound, &c. ——

Total

Grand Total for the Ships brought forward

760

~2,100

3,500

700

l,6lO

660

2,100

400

1,000

470

280

6.50

57,070

448,940

Grand Total

506,010

b For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards A B ST m . R A C T: fHuirs - -" \ltigging and Stores - L - 302,9401 5.300J 1- [ 308,240

0 For Ships in the Merchants Yards Towards the Improvements in the Yards - m m fHulfe - - . (Rigging and Stores - - 135,4901 5,2»oJ \ 140,700

- - Grand Total - m - m 506,010

rT The Sum of Five Hundred and Six Thousand and.TeB Pounds.

* Henry Martin* J, Hcmkrw. Geo. Marsh. £. Lt Cras. Geo. Rogers. San/ Wallis.

<290 j9° Martil. . 1791.

31 Geo. III.

9° Martii.

m

OrderedThat the said 'Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bank Divi- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the

drnda Bill House, according to Order, a Bill for applying to the

pnaented. public Service the Sum of 500,000, out of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England from Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends, on Account of the National Debt, and for securing the punctual Payment of any . Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded: And the same was received; and read the JFiret Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered \That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be {Minted.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of the Right honourable

The House divided.

The Yeas wept forth.

rr, r.l v /Mr- 1

Teller, for the Ua., jMr I

Sir James St. Clair

Tellers for the Noes,

34.

59-

Banstaplt

Election

Committee

appointed.

Erskine,

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words w upon " this Day Six Months" be added at the End of die Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the mein Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Mooths.

Ordered\That the Report from the Committee of the America* whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Laws -now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Sub- reJ'orte jects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inha-

Thomas Pelham and James Adams, Esquire, being added, bitants of the Countries belonging to the said United the same was called over, and IS as follows . States was committed be now received

Lord Viscount Middleton, Piston Partlock Powney, Mr.’ Henry Hobart’ accordingly reported from the Esquire, George Vamittart, Esquire, the Honourable fiajd Committee, the Amendments which the Com-Edward James Elwt, Winchcmbe Henry Hartley, mittee had made to the Bill, and which- they had

Esquire, Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, John Black- directed him. to Deport to the House; and he read the ^,3<lulre» Colonel Balfour, Sir Matthew White Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Ridley, Baronet , Charles Brandling, Esquire, Sir George Bill, with the Amendments, io at the Clerk’s Table:

Cornewall, Baronet, the Right honourable Sir Richard Worsfey, Baronet, Jervoise Clerke Jerooise, Esquire, the Right honourable Thomas Pelham, James Adams, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of _____

Richard Wilson, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at incrossed the Table, in the usual Manner. b

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One, by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Petition of John Parslaw, Esquire, was presented Mr. Pan-

iL " J 1 0 /r,# low's Petition

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forth- to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a. Bill is low’s Vtuv with, in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for now pending in Parliament to dissolve the Marriage

% rr " W lV Bill.

Shrewsbury

Debtors Petition.

bearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Gaol of S/irezcsbury, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Letter from

Officers of the Bombay Establishment, &c. ordered.

of the Petitioner with Elizabeth Hall, his now Wife, for Adultery by her committed with Francis William Sykes, Esquire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that in the Month of December 1789 the Petitioner’s said Wife left this Kingdom, and went with the said Francis William Sykes to reside at Boulogne,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy ln the Kingdom where they lived together

of a Letter from sundry Officers of the Bombay Estab- u.nd |^e when the Peti-

lishment, to the Governor and Council of that PrC- tion^3 saKvV/e r®turned to England, and resided at sidency, dated 15th February J7S7; together with a the House of Mrs. Cater, V 27, m Brampton Row, in Paper inclosed therein, intituled, " A Vindication of the *{*e ^'0JJQty Middlesex, where the said Elizabeth, on " Conduct of the English Forces employed in the late t^e, last, was personally served

" War, under the Command of Brigadier General Mat- *n\the °/d®r of tJhen| ouse of Lords for *he Serco"d " thews,against the Nabob Tippoo SultaunJ Iload,"S of fld together with a Copy of the said Bill; and that the said Elizabeth has since left

Clown and A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- her Residence in Brampton Row aforesaid, and the Pe» Budby Road posed, That the Bill for amending, widening, and alter- titioner’s Agent having made very diligent Enquiries «.n — *- ing the Road from the Rotherham and Mansfield Turn- to discover where the said Elizabeth might now tfe pike Road at or near Clown, in the County of Derby, found, was informed that the said Elizabeth had gone to the Worksop and Kelham Turnpike Road at or near to Bath, and the Petitioner’s said Agent, on the 19th Budby, in the County of Nottingham,be now read a Day of February last, went to Bath, and there made Second Time; diligent Enquiry for the said Elizabeth, but found that

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several the said Elizabeth had left Bath, and the Petitioner’s Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabi- said Agent hath made frequent Enquiries after the tants of the Borough of Chesterfield, in the County of said Elizabeth at the House of the said Mrs. Cater, in ’ Derby,which was presented to the House upon the -21st Brompton Row aforesaid, where the said Elizabeth lately Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the resided, and was, on the 28th Day of February last,

Bill pat off for Six Months,

Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question;

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Six M Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

Vox.. 46.

informed by the said Mrs. Cuter ,that the said zabeth left her House about a Fortnight before, and that she gave Directions for Letters addressed to Mrs. Parslaw to be sent to the York-House Tavern, in Dover, in order to be forwarded from thence to her in France, where the said Elizabeth informed the said Mrs. Cater she was going, and the Petitioner’s Agent also received the like Information from a Person of the Name df Read,who attended the said Elizabeth as

her

Supply

deferred#

Ways and Means de* ferred.

Newark

Election

Petitions

considered.

892 9° — 10° MartH. A. 1791.

her Servant, at Brompton Ram aforesaid; and that the Petitioner’s Agent also, on the 3d Day of this Instant March, applied to Mr. Charles Bishop, of Commons (who acted as Proctor for the said Elizabeth, and defended the Suit instituted by the Petitioner' in the Consistory Court of the Bishop of London, to obtain a Sentence of Divorce from Bed and Board, and mutual Cohabitation, with his said Wife) and enquired of him if he knew where the said Elizabeth was now to be found, but the said Charles Bishop could not give the Petitioner’s said Agent any Information in that Respect; and that the Petitioner’s said Agent hath used every Endeavour in his Power to find out the said Elizabeth Parslow, and her Place of Abode, but has not been able to discover the same, save as before stated: And therefore praying, That Service of the Order of this House, made on the Second Reading of the said fiill, and leaving an attested Copy of the said Bill with the said Charles Bishop, the Proctor for the said Elizabeth, shall be deemed good Service thereof upon her the iaid Elizabeth.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 22d Day of June 1789, of the Proceedings of the House upon the Petition of William John Arabia, Esquire, might be read.

And the 6ame was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that Mr. Joseph Neeld and Mr. Joseph Dutrwell Michell were attending at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account of the Allegations contained in the said Petition*

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That Service of the Orders of this House, made upon Monday last, on the Second Reading of the said Bill, and of this Order, upon the said Charles Bishop, and leaving an attested Copy of the said Bill with him, be deemed good Service of the same upon the said Elizabeth, the Wife of the said John.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved', That this House will, upon Friday Mortl-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 10* die Martiii

Anno 31* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1791.

and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in an Account of their Qualifications, and taken and subcribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Eleven Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Three Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners stated to the House that John Anstruther, Esquire, (a Member of this House) and who was intended to be nominated by the Petitioners to serve on the said Committee, was at the Door of the House; and the Counsel requested that the House would permit the Door to be opened for the Admission of the said Mr. Anstruther.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; ,

It was agreed by the House, That, according to the Provisions of the said Act, the Door of the House could not be opened.

And then the Names of Fifteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Thomas Thompson, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Four other Members, then present; were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Richard Ford, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Twenty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Fifty-three other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Four on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Thirteen against whose Election Petitions weredepending; Twenty-one as then serving on Select Committees; and Fifteen on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Pbayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of William Esquire; and

also, the Petitions of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Newark, in the County of Nottingham, complaining of au undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he \~ent accordingly.

And being returned;

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, and

several Members present, having taken the Oaths,

Mr. James Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners and Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the - Harbour of EUenfoot, in the County of Cumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report die same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Joseph Huddart being examined, said, That the Commissioners and Trustees appointed by the said Acts have made a considerable Progress in repairing) enlarging, and preserving the said Harbour.

And

EUenfoot

Harbour

Petition

reported*

Lnrd Valle-tort elects for Fowey*

Lestwithiel

Writ.

Petitions in favour of the Birmingham and Worcester Canal Bill.

list of Proprietors of unpaid Dividends at the Bank presented.

10° Martii.

2 93

And it appeared by the Harbour Book, produced to your Committee, that the Sum of £4,560 has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties granted by the said Acts.

The Witness further said, That the said Harbour is become a Place of great Resort for Shipping and Trade, and a considerable Town has Jieen erected and built on the Sides of the said Harbour; which Town, together with the said Harbour, are now called and known by the Name of Mary Port, and the said Harbour or Port is still capable of further Improvement — And the Witness added, That the Term for which the said Rates and Duties were granted is near expiring, and that the Money now due and owing cannot be repaid, nor the said Harbour be maintained and preserved, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and some further Powers given to the said Commissioners and Trustees for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made, one in the Twenty-second, and the other in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland: And that Mr. James Lowther and Mr. Senhouse do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

The Honourable Richard Edgcumbe, commonly called Lord Valletort, being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Lestwithiel, in the County of Cornwall,

made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Fowey.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lestwithiel, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the said Lord Valletort.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Free Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Camel ford, in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Bath;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Edwards, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A List of the Names of such Proprietors of the Public Funds, transferrable at the Bank of England, as were entitled to Dividends on or before the 31st of December 1780, and which remained unpaid on the 31st of December 1790, stating the Number of Dividends due to each Proprietor, and the Dates when the First Dividends became payable,' together with such Descriptions of the said Persons as entered in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said List was read.

Vol. 46.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, stoke Ferry to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Roads Bill Powers of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present rtP°rted' Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from MethwoldWarren House to

a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwdrds delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, Trustees for improving the Na- against Selby vigation of the River Ouse, in the County of York, on ®nd8e B,u* Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees of the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County of York; and Setting forth.

That, by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the said Trustees were authorized to make the said River Ouse more Navigable for Ships and other Vessels, and to remove all Gravel Beds, and other Impediments whatsoever, which might hinder the Navigation, either in sailing or hauling Ships or Vessels upon the said River, and are entitled to receive divers Tolls for Goods and Merchandize conveyed upon the said River above a Place called Wharf s Mouth; and that the said Navigation hath been improved at a very considerable Expence, and particularly by the Erection of a Lock and Dam, at the Distance of about Five Miles by Water from the said City, in order to' raise the Water in the said River above such Lock and Dam, and the Tide flows up to the said Dam, so that Vessels of considerable Burthen can safely navigate from London and other Ports to the said City; and that many Parts of the said River, below the said Lock and Dam, are shallow, and, by Reason thereof, and of frequent Floods in the said River, and otherwise, the Navigation thereof is frequently rendered difficult and precarious, so that any Interruption, which may occasion Delay or Inconvenience in the free Passage of Vessels, would materially, prejudice the said Navigation, and subject the Navigators thereof to much Expence and Injury; and that a considerable Number of Vessels pass through the said Lock to York Annually, and return through the same, many of which cannot lower their Masts, and, the Petitioners apprehend, if any Bridge should be erected at or near Selby, the same would be very dangerous, and occasion great Delay to all Ships and Vessels having Occasion to pass through the same, and would materially affect the Trade upon the said River above Selby, and greatly decrease the Tolls and Duties which the Petitioners are authorized to take as Trustees of the said Navigation, and more especially if the Clauses and Provisions of the Kill for building such Bridge should not be adapted to prevent every possible

4 F Inconvenience

294 10° Martii. A. 1791.

Inconvenience and Interruption in passing the same: An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep-

And therefore praying, That the Rights and Interests ing in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of of the Petitioners may be preserved, that they may be verfordwest, through the Town of Fishguard, to the heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the Town of Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and also Clauses and Provisions of the said Bill, and that the from the Town erf Fishguard, towards the City of Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to David's, so far as a certain Place called the House shall seem meet. Water, in the said County of Pembroke, was read the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Third Time.

Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by he, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Upon their Petition, if they think fit. fordwest, through the Town of Fishguard, to the Town

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- of Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and also from mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the the Town of Fishguard, to the City of Saint David's, same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said in the said County of Pembroke.

Petition. Ordered, That Mr. Barlow do carry the Bill to the

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Petition A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

Applkation Town and County of the Town of Southampton, on of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

to disunite Behalf of themselves and their Constituents, the Inha- His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

the Parish of bitants of the Parishes of Holy Rhood, Saint Michael, Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great

All Saints, Saint Lawrence, Saint John, All Saints, and Saint Mary, Markham Common, in the County of was

smpton together with the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Three Senior committed; That the Committee had examined the Aldermen, as the Trustees of an ancient Establish- Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be ment, called The Hospital of Saint John, was presented true; and that the Committee had gone through the to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Ma- they had directed him to report to the House; and he jesty’s Reign, the several Parishes of the said Town read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered and County of Southampton were united into one Body, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: as to all Purposes relative to the Poor, and to remain in Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; that State for ever, together with the Trust of an ancient and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Establishment, called The Hospital of Saint John, which Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the by the said Act was directed to be sold, and the Money House.

arising therefrom, together with its Endowment of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be jf.40 per Amuim, to be applied in Aid of the Poor ingrossed.

Rates; and that, in Compliance with the Provisions of the said Act, a large and commodious House was An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep-erected for the Reception of the said Poor, and such ing in Repair, the Roads leading from Robeston Wathan Rules and Regulations established as might best tend to Saint Clears, and from Narberth, by Cnwcce yr Cwn, to answer the Humane and (Economical Purposes to Fishguard, and from Egermont Bridge to the Little which had made the Union so generally desired; and Mill, and from Ludchurch to and from

that the said Building could not be effected without Whitley Lane to Nas'berth, and from Llether, on borrowing large Sums of Money on the Credit of the dewy Hill, to the End of the Lane leading to Poor Rates, and a very considerable Sum remains due garreg House, and from Tavernspite to Llechclawdd, and at this Time to the Lenders, who advanced their Money from Mud Lake to the Top of Bronscawen Hill, in the in full Confidence that no Attempt could or would be Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen, was read the made for dissolving an Union unanimously approved, Third Time.

iknd said, by the Words of the Act, to be binding for Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ever; and that, notwithstanding these Considerations, be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in a Part of the Inhabitants of the Parish of All Saints Repair, the Road leading from Robeston Wathan to have, without the Consent or Approbation of a very Saint Clears, and other Road6 therein mentioned, in respectable Number of their Fellow Parishioners, ap- the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen. plied to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for Ordered, That Mr. Barlow do carry the Bill to the Separating the said Parish of All Saints from the gene- Lords, and desire their Concurrence, ral Union, under various unfounded and fallacious

Allegations, and, if the House should grant the Prayer The House was moved, That the Report which, of that Petition, and permit the Separation to take upon Monday last, was made ffora the Committee, to Place, a heavy Debt now existing, and a perpetual In- whom the Report was re-committed, which was made crease of Expence in supporting a House and Establish- from the Committee to whom the Petition of the se-ment, calculated for the Accommodation and Main- veral Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, tenance of the whole Poor, would fall on the other being Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, of Lands, United Parishes, and again open a Door for Litiga- Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of tions concerning the Settlements of Paupers, the Pre- Nottingham, was referred, might be again read, vention of which was one great Motive for forming And the same being read accordingly;

the Consolidation: And therefore praying, That if the Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circum-

House shall think fit to take the Affair into Conside- stances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be grant-ration, they may be heard, by their Counsel, against ed that Notices may be given at the next General the said Petition, at the Bar of the House, and that the Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the same may not pass into a Law. County of Nottingham, and in Three Newspapers to

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the be printed or circulated in the said County in this Table, until the Report be received from the Com- present Month of March, and in the Month of April, mittee to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, or in either of them, of the Application to Parliament Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of All Saints, for making Provision in the Bill for enlarging the in the Town and County of Southampton, is referred. Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year

8 of

Haverfordwest and Fishguard Roads Bill passed.

Dunham Ferry Road Bill reported.

Pembroke and Carmarthen Roads Bill passed.

Leave for giving Notices of the Application, for Provision to Worksop and Debdale Hill Roads Bill.

31 Geo. III.

10° Martii.

295

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time widening the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike upon this Pay Sevennight.

Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Mwskham, in the Courtty of Nottingham, for amending, widening, and repairing, the Road branching out of the above mentioned Road

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Voices to Committee on Lord Dudley and Wards Executors Petition.

American Trade Bill passed.

Catholic Dissenters Bill presented*

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Mutiny Bill from the Committee of the whole House, to whom reported, at or near KnccsaU, in the said County, to the Great the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for North Road at or near Carlton upon Trent, in the same the better Payment of the Army and^ their Quarters,

County. " A

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Reverend

Joseph Cartwright, John Vernon, Junior, Esquire, and ..... ... „ , .

Thomas Bume, Gentleman, Executors of the last Will W1?erf the Amendments were Once read throughout; of the Right honourable John late Lord Viscount and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon Dudley and Ward, deceased, is referred. *he Qu^tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to

by the House.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Laws now in Force Se";[al Amendments were proposed to be made to for regufating the Trade between the Subjects of His ‘he Fo: 2- ' h] lffv,n8 * Words

Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the commissioned or, - <" " *"

was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

in order to insert the Words " mustered and" instead thereof; and by inserting, after the Word " Officer," the Words " or called into " Service by proper Authority."

And the Question being put, That the Words " commissioned or " stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

Colonel Fitzpatrick, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Secretary at War, 1 Sir Charles Gould:

70.

24-

1 j n'i x 1 zi zi l a — rm Another Amendment was proposed to be made

Ordered 1M Mr. Henry Hobart do cany the B.1I h Bi„ . j. , Verting, after the

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Words Livcry Stables," the Words " kept by Per-

ie i 1. _ .11 nr:_ r>_

Newark

Election

Committee

appointed.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Thomas Thompson, Esquire, and Richard Ford, Esquire,

being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Henry Duncombe, Esquire, James Gordon, Esquire, Lieutenant General John Vaughan, the Honourable William Grimston,the Honourable Henry Hobart, Sir

William Ileathcote, Baronet, Richard Muilman Trench Chisuc/l, Esquire, the Honourable Charles Hope,

" sons licensed to sell Wine, Beer, or Spirituous " Liquors."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Sir James Murray reported from the Committee, Mr. Turner's to whom the Petition of James Turner', of the City Petition of Westminster, Gentleman, was referred; That the report* ' Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as Richard Glover, Esquire, RoiclandBurdon, Esquire, jt appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Thomas Coxhead, Esquire, Francis Gregor, Esquire, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in Vord Apsley, Thomas Thompson, Esquire, Richard Ford, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and Esquire. is as followeth; viz.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select T0 prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Letters Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition patent, dated 26th February 1781, granting to the of William Paxton, Esquire; and also, of the Petition Petitioner an exclusive Right and Property, for the

of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto Term of Fourteen Years, in his Invention of a Method subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Gf producing a Yellow Colour for painting in Oil or legal^ Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for Water, making White Lead, and of separating the

Mineral Alkali from common Salt, all to be performed in One Process, were produced to your Committee; together with a Copy of the Inrollment in the Court of Chancery of an Instrument in Writing, pursuant to a Proviso in the said Letters Patent, describing the Nature of the said Invention, and in what Manner the same was to be performed: Then,

Mr. John Hatchett, Coachmaker to His Majesty,

Air. Mitford presented to the House, according to being examined, said, That the Yellow heretofore

Order, a Bill to relieve, upon Conditions and under used in this Country for painting Coaches, and for Restrictions, Persons called Protesting Catholic Dis- various other Purposes, was imported from Abroad; senters, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which but that the Mineral Yellow invented by Mr. Turner Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are is now brought to such Perfection, and is so eminently by Law subject: And the same was received; and read superior in Beauty of Colour, Durability, and other the first Time. Properties, as well as less expensive than the foreign

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Yellow, that it begins to supersede the Necessity of

VoL- 46- importing

the Borough of Newark,in the county of,

were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

10° — 11°

A. 1791.

Accounts relating to the Herring Fishery in Scotland ordered.

Saffron Walden Church Petition reported.

importing that Article, and will soon become an Object of Importance to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom. — Then,

.. Samuel Brandram, Esquire, being examined, said, That by thie great Consumption of Salt necessarily jused in preparing Mr. Turner's Mineral Yellow, the Witness apprehends it will afford, in Time, a considerable Increase to the Public Revenue — That he has Reason tp think that Mr. Turner has hitherto received very little Advantage from his Invention, for various Reasons; particularly in his having been at

f eat Expence and Loss in commencing Suits against ersons who have , invaded his Property, and by that Means diminished the Sale of his Yellow in a very great Degree.

And the Witness added, That he thinks the Mineral Yellow will become an Article of great Consequence for Exportation, as the House in which he is engaged are now exporting it to most Parts of the Globe, and that the Demand for it is increasing.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called 'England,the Dominion of,

and Town of Bei'ivick upon Tweed, for a Time to be limited: And that Sir James Murray and Mr. Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums which have been paid as Bounties for encouraging the British Herring Fishery in Scotland, from the 5th of July 1788 to the 5th of July 1790, dividing the same into the different Sorts of Bounties so paid, and distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of White Herrings exported from Scotland, from the 5th of January 1788 to the 5th of January 1791, with the Quantities ascertained to have been caught by the Busses fitted out for the Tonnage Bounty, for the same Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Salt imported into, and delivered for the Fishery in, Scotland, from the 5th of April 1787 to the 5th of April 1790.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Brettingham, an Architect, being examined,

said, That he has surveyed the Parish Church of Saffron Walden, which is in so very ruinous and decayed a State that it is indispensably necessary the same should undergo an immediate thorough Repair.

Mr. Thomas Hall being examined, said, That a Survey has been taken of the necessary Wants of Reparation to the said Church, and an Estimate made thereof) whereby it appears that the Sum necessary to effectuate such Repairs is too large to be raised by the Inhabitants without the Aid of Parliament

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Parish Church of Saffron WAden, in the County of Essex: And that Mr. Bramston, Mr.

Bullock, and Mr. Neville, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 11* die Martii;

Anno 31° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

SI R John Rushoutreported from the Committee, to Chapel on

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers the of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on. the ^commit Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, ted. in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sir James Tylney Long presented to the House, Swindon and according to Order, ta Bill for amending, w idening, and (- a,ne Roa<ij keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Szcindon to Christian Malford Bridge, and from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the Direction Post in Long Leaze Lane, near Lydiard Marsh, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ah ingrossed Bill for demising, lighting, and watching, Deretend and and levelling the Surfaces of the Streets and other Bordesley public Places, within the Hamlets of Deretend and Bordesley, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, p Obstructions, and Encroachments, and regulating the Driving of Carts and other Carriages used for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching, and levelling the Surfaces of the Streets and other public Places, within the Hamlets of Deretend and Bordesley, in the County of Wat'wick, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, and regulating the Driving of Carts and other Carriages used for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, therein.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. James Leather presented to the House, according , Ellenfoot to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of IIarl)°ur Kill Two Acts, made, one in the Twenty-second, and the presente ' other in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailifts, and Burgesses, Petition in of the Borough of Leicester, in Common Hall assem- favour of the bled, was presented to the House, and read; Taking j^uugghhj^ Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Leicester Navigable Communication between the Loughborough Canal Bill. Canal and the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication, by Railways or Stone

Roads

31 Geo. III. 11 0 Afa297

Roads and Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the same by passing along the said Canal to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester: And praying, That the said fiill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Brightbelm- A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an stou Road* Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His »ltudU1 present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Brighthelto The County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aldridge, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom Bicester and the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Aylesbury passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Road Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from rep01 e Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition from A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, principal In- Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom Bicester and Pembroke in habitants, and Tradesmen, of the Town and Borough the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Aynho Road

Birmingham* Pembroke,was presented to the House, and read; the Market Place in Bicester, in the County of Ox- BlU reporte *

and Worres- Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining ford, to the Turnpike Road in , in the County terCanal Bill. a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Northampton, was committed; That the Com-of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to commu- mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and nicate with the River Severn, near to the City of War-found the same to be true; and that the Committee

ccster: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Surrey Gaol, Ac. Petition reported.

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-

?ort to the House; and he read the Report in his 'lace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;, and then a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Right honourable George Lord Onslow, and the Right honourable Peter Lord King, and die humble Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, assembled at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Surrey, and of the Gentlemen, ingrossed.

Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Committee the Committee had examined the Matter of the said of the Reverend Joseph Cartwright, John Vernon, Junior, on Lord Dud-Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it Esquire, and Thomas Bume, Gentleman, Executors of Exfr> appeared to them, to the House; and he read the the last Will of the Right honourable John late Lord cutors Peti-

Viscount Dudley and Ward, deceased, is referred, do tion to report report their Opinion to the House upon the Matter con- Op*010®* tained in the said Petition.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House to

— " " ‘ adjourn to

Monday*

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Guilt, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That’

the Common Gaol of the County of Surrey is too small, House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next, greatly gone to Decay, and so inconveniently situated, that it is incapable of being effectually repaired, or Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Mersey and sufficiently enlarged — That the present Session House, to w horn the Petition of John Blackbume, Thomas Lyon, lrw*l1 Nav'-situate at Saint Margaret's Hill, Southwark, is an and William Crosbie, Esquires, Thomas Hatfield, William ®on°reported.

ancient Building, and at present in a dangerous State, Hardy, William Mar sden, MathaeFletcher, Peter Wright, and unsafe for the Public Business of the County; and and John Wright, the Committee of the Proprietors of produced a Plan of the intended new Gaol and Session the Mersey and Irwell Navigation from Liverpool to House. Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, for and on the

Francis Lawson, Esquire, Clerk of the Peace, being Behalf of themselves and all others the Proprietors of examined, said, That the Common Gaol was presented Shares in the said Navigation, was referred; That " ’ ~ the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend, or in any Manner to alter, the Line of the Navigation, nor to raise any further Sum of Money by Tolls or Duties for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

as insufficient by the Grand Jury; and he produced to your Committee the original Presentment. — And being further examined, he said, That it is necessary a new Gaol, with a House for the Gaoler, and other requisite Buildings and Conveniencies, with proper Avenues thereto, should be erected in a more commodious

Situation; and that a new Session House should be built on the Ground intended to be purchased for the Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it Gaol. appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-

Ordered, That Leave be given td bring in a Bill for port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the building a new Common Gaol and Session House, with Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as

Accommodations thereto, for the County of Surrey, and for disposing of the present County Gaol, and the Ground thereto belonging: And that Lord William Russell and Mr. William Clement Finch do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vo l.4f>.

followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An " Act for making the Rivers Mersey and Irwell

4 G " Navigable

11° Martii.

A. 1791.

Navigable from Liverpool to in the County, Palatine of L," was read: And

Mr. William Fox, Agent to the Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation, being examined, said, That in pursuance of the said Act the said Rivers were made Navigable at a very considerable Expence, and that such Navigation is at this Time of great Public Utility — That the Proprietors or Owners of Shares are very numerous, and a Doubt having arisen whether such Shares are of the Nature of Real Estate, or whether the same are Personal Property, the Petitioners are desirous that such Doubt should be removed, and the Shares declared by Parliament to be Personal Estate, and that the Proprietors may be incorporated, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the Mersey and " Navigation."

And the Witness added, That by Reason of the great Increase of the Manufactures and Trade of the County of Lancaster since passing the before mentioned Act, the Navigation upon the said Rivers has become very considerable, and Authorities and Restrictions have become necessary for the well regulating the Management of the said Rivers, and the proper Government of the Affairs of the Proprietors, which were not foreseen at the Time of the passing the said Act, and which now render some Amendments thereto necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of fat's late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the Rivets " Mersey add Irwell Navigable from Liverpool to " Manchester, in the County Palatine of And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mf. Blackbume do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. John Campbell reported from the Committee, Saint David’s to wh°m the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping Roads Bill in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Ha-rsported. verfordwest to the City of Saint David's, and from the said City to Caer/ai, in the Parish of Saint Dadd's, in the County of Pembroke, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Oswestry, A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the fcc. Poor Bill Poor belonging to the Town of Oswestry, and to certain committed. Parishes within the Hundred of Oswestry, in the County of Salop, and to such Part of the Parish of Llanymynech as lies within the said Hundred, and to the Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, and to the Parish of Llansilin, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Milford and Stainton Road Bill presented.

Mr. John Campbell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for opening a new Road from Milford, in the County of Pembroke, to Stainton, and for amending and widening tire Road from the said new Road, through Stainton wad Johnson, to Merliils Bridge, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Mortem, from the better from Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to jr^abhsh-the House, pursuant to their Order, ment, Uc.

Copy of a Letter from sundry Officers of the Bombay piesented. Establishment, to the Governor and Council of that Presidency, dated the 15th February 1787, together with a Paper inclosed therein, intituled, " A Vindlcation of the Conduct of the English Forces employed in the late War, under the Command of " Brigadier General Matthews, against the Nabob " Tippoo Sultaun."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Sugar and Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to p0"‘t" the House, pursuant to their Order, presented. *

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar and, Rum imported into, and exported out of, Great Britain, from the 1st of January to the 31st of December 1790, with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon, together with the Drawbacks paid on Exportation.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Dudley Order, a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, Paving, ttc. watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of **|Pre* Dudley, in the County of Worcesteand for better sen , supplying the said Town with Water: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trades House of Glasgow was pre- petition resented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the lating to the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com Regula-Com, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com tion *‘*‘ imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported; and Setting forth, That the same contains Clauses depriving them of the Privilege of regulating Importation by the Prices in each County separately and distinctly by itself, and at the same Time continuing a Discrimination betwixt the Two Kingdoms in the Article of Oatmeal (which is of the highest Importance to the People of Scotland) equally subversive of the Meaning and Spirit of the Union, and of their Rights as British Subjects, as contrary to Justice and sound Policy: That the Privilege, granted by the Com Law at present in Force, of regulating the Importation by the Prices in each County separately, has been attended with the most beneficial Consequences, has been proved, not only by the Establishment and rapid Improvement of several valuable Branches of Manufacture in the West of Scotland, which give Bread to some Hundred Thousands of industrious People, for whose Subsistence Importation is always necessary, but also by a correspondent Improvement in Agriculture, and Rise in the Rent and Value of Land, to all which,

8 as

as well as to the Peace and Quiet of the Country, the Petitioners are apprehensive of the most serious Consequences, if the District in which they are classed be not as much confined in Point of Extent as possible, and every Discrimination betwixt the Two Kingdoms entirely removed; and that, independent of the Distress apprehended from the said Clauses to their Manufactures and Commerce, and the Danger of Scarcity and Popular Commotions, the Petitioners beg Leave to represent, that subjecting their Part of the United Kingdom to a separate Regulation respecting Oatmeal, especially when it is considered that such Regulation must have the Effect to raise the Price of it in Scotland above that of ,is not only subversive

of the Right which every Subject of Britain has to the Enjoyment of equal Laws in Matters of Trade and Commerce, but may be drawn into a Precedent to justify a partial Tax of the Raw Materials of our Manufactures, to which Grain and all Kinds of Provisions are precisely similar, or any other Commodity in particular Districts of the Kingdom, altogether irreconcileable to the Rules of Justice and sound Policy: And therefore praying the House, to afford such Relief in the Prenfises as to them shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Petition re- A Petition of several Householders within the Ci-Servanu ^es London wad Westminster for themselves and Characters, others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That divers evil Practices have been carried on by Persons falsely assuming the Names and Characters of Masters, Mistresses; and Employers of Menial Servants of both Sexes, and by forging and counterfeiting Certificates of their Characters from such Masters, Mistresses, and Employers, to the manifest Detriment not only of such Masters, Mistresses, and Employers, thereby imposed On, but also to the Prejudice of all good and faithful Servants, who are deserving of being distinguished from those of bad Characters, and of being solely employed; and that the Petitioners have great Reason to believe many Robberies have been committed by Servants who have been thus hired, and that such evil Practices are the chief Source from which the many House Robberies, Committed in and hear the Metropolis, as well as in other Places, do arise, and they are informed that the Laws now in being do not extend to punish the Evils complained of, and conceive, that if a Law was made to put a Stop to such pernicious Evils, it would be of great Benefit to the Community in general, and have a strong Tendency to reform the Morals and Behaviour of Servants throughout the Kingdom: And therefore requesting the Attention of the House to the Evils complained of, and that they will make such Provisions for remedying the same as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the stud Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Whitchurch An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term of an Act, Road Bill passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present

parsed. Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from

Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Alderrrtaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Terith Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermasttm Great Bridge, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 40.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers stoke Ferry of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, Roads- Bill for amending and widening several Roads leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Methwold Warren House to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the said County, was read the Third Tithe.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading frond Tht Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending, Widening, and keeping in Repair, the Rpad from Methivold Warren House to a Place called Tht Devil's Ditch, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir John tVodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order Of the Day being read, for the House Sugar Duty id resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill deferred, upon the Bill for grariting to His Majesty an additional Duty oil Sugar imported into this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Ordter of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on Cora Reconsider further of the Bill for regulating the Importation Bill*

and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty On Foreign Cord imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported;

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses and prin- Petition from cipal Inhabitants of the Borough of in the Bridport re-

County of Dorset, was presented to the House, dnd spectingD" read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Town of Bridpoi't, and the adjacent Country, is extremely populous, and, from the Extension of its Trade and Manufacture, the Population of late Years has been rapidly increasing, and the Quantity of Arable Land in that Neighbourhood bears a very small Proportion to the Consumption of Bread Corti, for a Supply of which Necessary of Life the Inhabitants are obliged to depend upon Corn imported either Coastwise, or from Foreign Parts, and consequently great Quantities of Wheat are Annually imported at Bridport; and that, amongst other Provisions in the said Bill to encourage the Importation of Foreign Corn in Times of Scarcity, a certain Number of P.orts are selected as Lbck-up Ports for depositing such Corn as may chance to arrive after the Ports are shut, with as little Loss to the Importer as may be, but the Petitioners see with Concern that no Provision is made for the Importers of Corn at Bridport, which lies between Pool and Exeter, which Places are by Water about One hundred Miles apart, to One1 of which Ports the Corn consigned to Bridport must be carried in case the Ports should be shut before the Cargoes arrive, which will be attended with a very heavy Expence to the Importer, and must operate as a total Prohibition to the importing of Foreign Com at Bridport; and that considerable Manufactories of Nets, Lines, Twine, and Sail Canvas, are carried on at Bridport, in which not less than Ten thousand Persons are employed in the Town and Country adjacent; and that the Port of Bridport is nearly Central between Pool and Exeter, and well situated for supplying many neighbouring Towns with Corn at an easy Expence as to Land Carriage, and there are, both at the Harbour and in the Town, commodious Warehouses, fully adequate to the Purposes of depositing such Corn: And therefore praying, That Bridport may be included in the Number of Lock-up Ports.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then

Committee on Corn Regulation Bill.

List of Proprietors of unpaid Dividends at the Bank to be printed.

Several Persons to attend Committee on Slave Trade.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

Stirling

Election

determined.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill: and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the List of the Names of such Proprietors of the Public Funds, transferrable at the Bank of England, as were entitled to Dividends on or before the 31st of December 1780, and which remained unpaid on the 31st of December 1790, stating the Number of Dividends due to each Proprietor, and the Dates when the First Dividends became payable, together with such Descriptions of the said Persons as entered in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Sir Alexander Campbell, of Ardkinlass, Baronet, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and principal Petition. Inhabitants of the City of Wells, whose Names are in favour of thereunto subscribed: And also, aam®’

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and prin- Worcester cipal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the Canal Bill. County of Dorset: And also,

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol: And also,

Ordered, That William Beverley, Esquire, do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. George do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered \That Mr. Joseph Woodward do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Thomas Irving, Esquire, do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Hercules Ross, Esquire, do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That John Savage, Esquire, do also attend the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 14° die Martii',

Anno 31* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1791. Praters.

MR. Tudxvay, from the Select Committee, who were appointed.to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Stirling, thereunto subscribing; and also, the Petition of Sir Alexander Campbell, of Ardlci Baronet, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet, is duly elected a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Stirling:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Freeholders of the County of Stirling, thereunto subscribing, did not

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall,whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal;.

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The Earl Vemey reported from the Committee, to Little Wool-whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing *tonlnclosur» the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, reported. Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Woolston, in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 164 Acres of Field Land, and about 16 Acres of Meadow and Ley Ground, and who is also entitled to 11 Horse Commons, 24 Cow Commons, and 138 Sheep Commons, who refused to sign the Bill, but that the Persons entitled to the Reversion in Fee, after the Decease of such Proprietor, had consented to the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 13 Acres of Meadow and Ley Ground, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property belonging to ‘Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 588 Acres and 2 Roods of Field Land, and 115 Acres 1 Rood of Meadow and Ley Ground j and that there are in the Whole 42 Horse Commons, 81 Cow Commons, and 586 Sheep Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where

Handsworth laclosure Bill presented.

Chippenham Inclosure Bill committed.

Wakefield Church Bill presented.

Chapel on the Heath Road re-committed Bill reported.

Alcester Road Bill presented.

Additional. Petition to Oswestry, &c. Poor Bill jeported.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Town and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the and Parish of and maintained and employed

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by under the Authority and Directions of the said Guar-the House. dians.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ord That it be an Instruction to the Committee, ingrossed. to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employ-

ment of the Poor belonging to the Town of Oswestry,

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, accord- and to certain Parishes within the Hundred of *

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open in the County of Salop, and to such Part of the Parish Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Llanymynech as lies within the said Hundred, and of Handsworth, in the County of Stafford: And the to the Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, and same was received; and read the First Time. to the Parish of Llansilin, in the Counties of Salop

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and Denbigh, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for putting the Poor . A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and laying in Seve- of any Parishes or Places within the Counties of Salop, ralty. the Open and Common Fields,' Heaths, and Denbigh, and Montgomery, not comprized in the said Commonable Lands, within the Township of Chippen- Bill, under the Care and Management of the Guardians ham, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second to be appointed by the said Bill, in case the Inhabitants Time. of any such Parishes or Places shall agree with the said

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Joshua Guardians for that Purpose.

Smith, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee; Lord Dudley Chamber. to whom the Petition of the Reverend Joseph Cart- and Ward’s

wright, John Vernon, Junior, Esquire, and Thomas Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Burnt, Gentleman, Executors of the last Will of the reported, to Order, a Bill for building a new Church in the Right honourable John late Lord Viscount Dudley and Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County Ward, deceased, was referred; and who were empow-of York, and for providing a proper Burial Ground, ered to report their Opinion to the House upon the and making Provision for a Minister to officiate at the Matter contained in the said Petition; That the Corn-said Church: And the same was received; and read mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, the First Time. and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, to Table: Where the same was in Part read, whom the Bill for enlarging the Terra and Powers of And a Member present having taken the Oaths,

an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of County of Gloucester, was re-committed; That the his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath Committee had made several other Amendments to of Qualification, according to the Laws made for the Bill, which they had directed him to report to those Purposes;

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and The Residue of the Report, which was made from afterwards delivered the . Bill, with the Amendments, in the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Joseph Cartwright, John Vernon, Junior, Esquire, and Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Thomas Burne, Gentleman, Executors of the last Will by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, of the Right honourable John late Lord Viscount Dudley M ere agreed to by the House. and Ward, deceased, was referred, was read.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be The said Report is as followeth; viz, ingrossed. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Pe*

tition presented in this Session, for making a Canal from.

The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, ac- or near the Town of Birmingham, was produced, whereby cording to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and it appeared, by the List of Subscribers thereto annexed, keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Alcester that the Executors of John late Lord Dudley and Ward and Evesham Turnpike Road, at the End of Wixford are inserted as having subscribed the Sum of £. 2,000.

Lane, in the County of Warwick, to Chipping Campden, It also appeared, by the List of Subscribers annexed and from thence to Upton Old Lane, in the County of to the Petition presented in the Year 1786, for making Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the a Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, that First Time. Lord Dudley is inserted as having subscribed the Sum

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. of £. 1,000.

It also appeared, by the List of Subscribers annexed Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to to the Petition presented in the last Session, for making whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, a Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, that and others, of the Counties of Salop and Denbigh, the Executors of Lord Dudley are not inserted as Sub-was referred; That the Committee had examined the scribers to that Undertaking. — Then,

Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to Mr. John Vernon, Junior, One of the Executors of report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; the late Lord Dudley, being asked, Whether he had and he i-ead the Report in his Place; and afterwards been applied to by the Promoters of the Bill now delivered it in' at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same depending, for making a Canal from or near the Town was read; and is as followeth; viz. of Birmingham, to subscribe towards that Undertake

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. ing ? he replied, He had not; nor did he know that John Lloyd being examined, said, That the Inhabi- there was such a Bill in Agitation till Friday last, when tants of several Parishes and Places within the Coun- he was informed of it by Mr. Wilson, the Solicitor of ties of Salop, Denbigh, or Montgomery, may hereafter Miss Ward. — And being asked, Whether he is possessed be desirous of having their Poor put under the Care of any Shares in the Stourbridge and Dudley Canal and Management of the Guardians, to be incor- Navigation, a3 Executor for Lord Dudley f he said, Yes, porated by a Bill now depedding in the House, for — And being asked, Whether there are eny Proceedings Vol. 46.- 4 H going

Lord Dudley going on in Chancery for hiking the Accounts of the late Lord Dudley's Personal Estate ? he said, There is a Decree for that Purpose. — He also said. That he does not conceive that he had such a Discretion as to entitle him to subscribe to the present Undertaking; and that if he had done so, he should have expected to have received a very severe Censure from the Court of Chancery; that there has not been any Call made for any Sum of Money whatever on the Executors of the late Lord Dudley. — Being then asked, In what Respect he conceives that the Estate of the late Lord Dudley can receive any Injury by the Names of the Executors being inserted in the List of Subscribers? he replied, That must undoubtedly be Matter of Opinion; he should rather think that the Estate of Lord Dudley could not be affected as far as the Subscription goes, because it is so improper a Thing in his Opinion for Executors to subscribe to, that if they were liable at all to pay their Subscriptions they must be Personally liable. — -And being asked, Whether he considers the Executors of Lord Dudley as Subscribers or not? he said, They certainly have not subscribed; but if the intended Bill was to pass into a Law he thinks they would be injured, because he conceives it would he competent to any of the Proprietors to sue them for their Subscription. — And being asked, Whether it is his Opinion that any Person could be sued, who had not actually subscribed ? he said, He had not given any Opinion as to the Success of such a Suit; but he should incline to think that they would not be liable, yet they might be put to great Expence in defending any such Suit — And being asked, Whether the present Petition ha3 been presented with the Knowledge of the other Executors, and of the Trustees of the Estate of Miss Ward? he replied, It was presented at the Request of the other Executors; he himself is One of the Trustees; another lives in Northumberland; and it has been presented with the Knowledge and at the particular Request of Mr. Wilson, who is Solicitor for the other Trustee, and Miss Ward ;Dr. De Salis is One of the Trustees, he cannot say whether he has been consulted, but Mr. Wilson can answer to that Fact. — The Witness being further asked, Whether he had any Consultation with Mr. Roberts, previous to presenting the present Petition? he said, He had, on Tuesday last; that Mr. Roberts then stated, that he thought Lord Dudley's Estate was entitled to a Preference, on Account of his having subscribed to some former Undertaking; lie believes he also stated, that the Executors of Lord Dudley being named as Subscribers was intended for the Benefit of the Estate. — And being asked, Whether Mr. Roberts did not tell him, that before the Bill went into a Committee the Executors would have Time to know whether it would or would not be a Benefit to the Estate, and that no Person would be named as Proprietor in the Bill without his Consent, and that any Proprietor might be at Liberty to withdraw his Name or not, as he should think proper ? he replied, Mr. Roberts did express himself to that Effect, but he (the Witness) then said that it would be impossible for the Executors to avail themselves of that Advantage, if it was any; and that he thought it a Justice as well to themselves as to the House, to state the Circumstances to the House; that lie had no Opportunity, after the Conversation with Mr. Roberts, to state the Matter to any of the other Executors; that he does not know whether Mr. Bume was a Subscriber to the present Scheme last Session, but believes Mr. Roberts said he was a Subscriber in his own Right; Mr. Burne was then Receiver, appointed by the Court of Chancery, of the Estate of the Infant.

Mr. Thomas Brettel being next examined, was asked, How many Shares the Executors of Lord Dudley have in the Stourbridge and Dudley Canal Navigation ? he said, Ten in the Stourbridge, and Eighteen in the 7

and Ward s

Executors

Petition.

Dudley. — And being asked, Whether Lord Dudley was ever a Subscriber to the present Undertaking? he answered, That the present Scheme did not take Place till after his Lordship’s Death. — And being further asked, Whatever the Number of Shares were, for which the Name of Lord Dudley stood, were they not Shares in an Undertaking totally distinct from the present? he said, Totally so, the present Scheme has not the least Connection with it; the Number of Shares, to the best of his Belief, amounted to Twenty.

Mr. Vernon being again examined, was asked, Whether the Option, which is alleged to have been given to the Subscribers to the Undertaking of 1786, to become Subscribers in the present Undertaking, was, and when, communicated either to Lord Dudley in his Life Time, or to his Executors of Trustees since his Death? he replied, It could not be communicated to Lord Dudley in his Life Time, because he died before the present Plan was set on Foot; and it has never been communicated to the Witness, nor to any of the other Executors or Trustees since.

Mr. Wilson Aylesbury Roberts being then examined, was asked, Whether he did or did not consider the Executors of Lord Dudley as Subscribers to the present Undertaking? he replied, That he did not consider them as Subscribers, or intend to insert their Names in the Bill, till he had applied to them, and received their full Approbation; and this he told Mr. Vernon before the Petition was presented; and he further told him that it was intended as a Benefit, and that he thought it would have been an Act of Injustice if the Executors had not been inserted. — And being asked, Whether he did not, when he produced the Subscription List, as Agent for the Bill before the former Committee, wish that Committee to consider the Executors of Lord Dudley as Subscribers ? he replied. If the Committee had asked him any Questions on that Subject he should have explained it, that neither himself, or any of the Agents for the Bill, considered the Executors as bound until they had given their fuH Approbation, but they were set down as Subscribers as an intended Benefit, and were to have an Option to remain Subscribers or not, as they should think proper. — And being asked, Whether Evidence was not produced at that Committee to prove that the List delivered in was a true Copy of actual Subscribers ? he said. It was not intended as a true Copy, but as an actual List of those Persons who had subscribed, and of a very few who were considered as Subscribers. — And being asked, Whether he did or did not mean to comply with the Standing Orders of the House at that Time? he said. Certainly. — And being further asked, Whether the Subscribers to the Undertaking in 1786 did not claim an Option of subscribing to the present Scheme? he replied. Most of them did, and were admitted as such; the late Lord Dudley was One of those Subscribers for Twenty Shares.

Mr. Vernon being further examined, was asked. Who drew the Petition now before the Committee? he said, Mr. Wilson, Miss Ward's Solicitor; he believes Mr. Cartwright signed it on Saturday or Sunday last.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee unanimously came to the following Resolution;

viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, from the Evidence of the Witnesses produced to prove the Allegations of the Petition, That the Undertakers of the proposed Canal from Worcester to Birmingham meant to give an Advantage to the Estate of Lord Dudley; and that the Imputation of intended Fraud, expressed in the said Petition, is unwarranted.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir

31 Geo. III. 14° Martik 303

Lees and Sir CharlesBunbury presented to the House, accord-

milfOr«>Poor *n§to ^rt^er’ a for the better Relief and Employ-rented!*" ment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Lots and

ford,in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bicester and An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers

Uoad* Bill an Passed >n the Tenth Year of the Reign of passed.' His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester, in the County of to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bicester and An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Aynho Road Road from the Market Place in Bicester, in the ' passe County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Market Place in Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Bastard be added to the Gentle-added to men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in,

rnfiddnand a for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three

Newbridge several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of Roads BilK the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fy/ield, in the County of Berks, to Sa John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and from an Inn called Hind’s Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which stands in the said County of Berks.

Fyfield and Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to Mewbndge Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three presented, several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Bct'ks, to Saint John’s Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and from an Inn called The Hinds Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks,to that Part of Newbridge which stands in the said County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Chadwick A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Inclosure Bill Waste Lands within the Manor of Chadwich, otherwise committed. Chadwick,in the Parish of in the County of

Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lygon, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Christleton Sir Robert Sulusbury Cotton presented to the House, Inclosure Bill according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and presented, inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Christleton, in the County

Vo l. 46.

of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, Cottiogham to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure Bill Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of reP°rted-Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 172 Acres,

One Rood, and 18 Perches, of inclosed Lands, in the Parish of Cottingham; and also, except the Owners of Three Oxgangs and an Half, and One Odd Land and an Half in the Open Fields, in the said Parish, who refused to sign the Bill, or could not be found; and that the Whole of the old inclosed Lands within the said Parish consists of 2,195 Acres and 25 Perches* and the Whole of the Open Field Lands within the said Parish consists of 140 Oxgangs, and Two and One Quarter of Odd Lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Algernon, Earl Earl of of Beverley, was presented to the House, and read; Beverley's Taking Notice of the Bill for building a Bridge at Pet!tion„ or near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County of York; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Owner of the Manor of Armin, in the said County of York, and of several Farms and Lands in the Parish of Armin aforesaid, and is also entitled, partly as the absolute Owner, and partly as Lessee for Three Lives, under the Bishop of Durham, of the Ferry and Passage Boats upon the Rivers Ouse and Derwent, at Salt Marsh, Barmby, and Booth, in the said County of York; and that the Petitioner’s said Property will receive essential Injury if the said Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as will affect the said Property of the Petitioner, and that the Petitioner may receive such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr.

304

14° Marta.

A. 1791.

Byng’s Estate Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom

and re^sed*d’ ^ie >ngrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for an pas vesting the Estates devised by the Will of the Honourable Elizabeth Byng, deceased, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses to which the Estates so to be sold are subject, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tlje same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Brand's Estate Bill reported, and passed.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Brand, Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined - the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed' to the same, without any Amendment.

Southampton Mr. Amyatt presented to the House, according to Church Bill Qr{jerj a Qjn for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard, for the Use of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

presented.

Account of Seizures of

presented.

The House being informed that Mr. Bastin, from the Com Grain Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; &c.pre- W > he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Seizures of Corn and Grain, Stc. made by the Officers of the Customs, at the Ports therein mentioned, attempted to be imported or exported contrary to Law, with the Names of the Vessels seized, where destined, or from whence they came, for the last Twelve Years, ended at Christmas 1790; distinguishing such Seizures as have been prosecuted to Condemnation, and such as have been restored.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committee of Supply.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion wa9 made* That the Report which was Report Mili-made from the Committee, who were appointed to pre- da Estimate pare ar> Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing refelTed-of the Militia for the Year 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1791, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charles Long also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Quebec Bill Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An committed.

" Act for making more effectual Provision for the " Government of the Province of Quebec, in North " America," and to make further Provision for the

Government of the said Province, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means de-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the 'Sup- fcrr#d* ply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping Haverford-in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Haver- ?<* fordwest to the City of Saint David's, and from the said

City to Caerfai, in the Parish of Saint David's, in the passed.

County of Pembroke, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Haverfordwest to the City of Saint Davids, and from the said City to Caerfai, in the Parish of Saint Davids, in the County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That Mr. John Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Birmingham Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintain- and Worces-ing a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the

Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Secern, near to the City of Worcester;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel be now called in;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Committee Ordered, That Mr. Henry Thornton have Leave to on Sierra make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock. nMn^Peti-1*" And he moved the House accordingly: And,

tion deferred. The Order, made upon the 28th Day of February

last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow, to consider of the Petition of Robert Hunteof the City of Mer-

chant, Henry Thornton, of the said City, Esquire, and Philip Sansom, of the same City, Merchant, for and on

Behalf of themselves, and divers others associated with them, being read j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Severn night, the 25th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 15° die Martii; Anno 31* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1791.

Note, That in the Course of drawing sad Names, the Names of Sixty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, and set *tde;

Nine on Account of their being Sixty Year* of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Twelve against whose Election Petitions were depending; Seventeen as then serving on Select Committees; Twenty-five on Account of baring this Session, served ou Select Committees; and One on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being

complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated Sir Thomas Dtmdas, Baronet, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Divorce lit l upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Esquire,

with Elizabeth Hall, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for opening a new Road from Milford, in the Milford and County of Pembroke, to Stainton, and for amending and Suinton widening the Road from the said new Road, through Road ?*. Stainton and Johnson, to Merlin's Bridge, in the same comnu County, w'as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Campbell, Mr. Barlow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leominster

Election

Petitions

considered.

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Richard Esquire;

and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House 'was counted by Mr, Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty-three Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Thirteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William , Esquire,

being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Thirty-six other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Vol. 46.

Sir John Honeywood, Baronet, being chosen a Citizen sir John to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Honeywood Canterbury, and also, a Burgess for the Borough of ®lects for Steyning, in the County of Sussex, made his Election to Canterbury’ serve for the said City of Canterbury.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to steyning the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the said Sir John Honywood.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Swindon and Repair, the Roads leading from Swindon to Christian Culne Road* Malford Bridge, and from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the Direction Post in Long Itaze Lane, near Lydiard Marsh, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Tylney Long, Mr. Buxton, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watch- Dudley ing, and otherwise improving, the Town of Dudley, Paving, See. in the County of Worcester, and for better supplying the said Town with Water, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Lygon, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, Bermondwy to whom the Bill for amending and enlarging the Poor B^ Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, repor e made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his

4 I late

Surrey Gaol, &c. Bill presented.

.Dee River Company's Petition reported.

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An " Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poors " Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the " Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the " County of Surrey," and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee hud gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord William Russell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Common Gaol and Session House, with Accommodations thereto, for the County of Surrey, and for disposing of the present County Gaol, and the Ground thereto belonging: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners produced an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County of Chester; whereby it appeared, that Nathaniel Kinderley Gentleman, his Heirs and Assigns, and such Person or Persons as the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs or Assigns, should nominate and appoint, were, by the said Act, appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation; and it was, among other Things, enacted, That, for the better enabling the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs or Assigns, or Nominees, to make and keep the said River Navigable, all that Sand, Soil, Ground* Marsh, and Salt Marsh, in the said Act described, should immediately, after such Time as the said River should be made Navigable, be vested in the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, for ever, and that it should be lawful for the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, to defend, inclose, and improve, the said Lands, Soil, and Ground, and take the Rents and Protits thereof for his own Use:

And also, another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his said late' Majesty, for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River , whereby it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the several Persons in the said last mentioned Act named, being the Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and the Representatives of such of the Subscribers to a certain Indenture, or Deed Poll, in the said Act mentioned, as were dead, and their respective Successors, Heirs, and Assigns, should be erected into One Company, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Acts, and should have full Power to do all such Acts as the said Nathaniel Kindeiiey, his Heirs, Assigns, or Nominees, might have done, or were empowered to do, by virtue of the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign

of his said late Majesty, and to receive all such Duties as the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, or Nominees, were empowered to do by the said Act, and to embank, inclose, improve, and apply to the Use of the said Company, the White Sands, Soil, and Ground, and other Lands whatsoever, by the said Act of the Sixth of his late Majesty, vested in the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, upon the Terms in the said Act mentioned:

And also, another Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of his said late Majesty, for explaining and’ amending the said Acts passed in the Sixth and Fourteenth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, whereby the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertaking were repealed, and New Rates granted in lieu thereof; and by the said Act certain other Powers were given to the Company:

And also, another Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking and Sir John Glynn, Lord of the Manor of Hawarden, and several Freeholders and Occupiers of Land within the said Manor, and for explaining and amending the said Acts of the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, whereby the said Articles of Agreement were confirmed, and further Powers were given to the said Company. Then,

Thomas Lane, Esquire, being examined, informed your Committee, That the said Nathaniel Kinderley, and the Company, have, at a very great Expence, completed the Navigation of the River Dee, and in embanking, inclosing, and improving large Tracts of the said White Sands, Soil, and Ground, and that several Doubts and Differences having arisen, or being likely to arise, respecting the Boundaries of the said Lands, Ground, Marsh, and Salt Marsh, and particularly as to such Parts as lie below, or to the North or North East of a certain Place, called Greenfield Gate, in the County of Flint, it was therefore, in order for the preventing and settling all such Differences, and fixing the Boundaries of the said New Marshes or White Sands, Ground, and Soil, so granted to the said Nathaniel Kinderley, and of the Common and Salt Marshes adjoining thereto, that certain Articles of Agreement of Three Parts were made the 31st of May 1786, between the Company, of the First Part; and several Persons, whose Hands and Seals were affixed to the Schedule thereunto annexed, being Lords of Manors, lying below, and to the South East of Greenfield Gate aforesaid, and the South Side of the said River Dee, and other Persons entitled to Right of Common and other Common Rights over the Wastes and Commons, and the old Common Salt Marshes lying on the South Side of the said River, and below or to the South of Greenfield Gate,-of the Second Part; and

Wynn, of Mold, in the County of Flint, Gentleman, and Charles Potts, of the City of Chester, Esquire, of the Third Part; the Company and the several other Parties to the said Agreement, of the Second Part, did promise and agree with each other in Manner following; that is to say, That the said William and Charles Potts, and such other Person as they should, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, nominate and appoint, should be, and were thereby constituted Arbitrators or Referrees, for the Purpose of fixing the Boundaries of the said Common Salt Marshes, and of the Lands, formerly White Sands, and New Marsh, and Greensword Lands, and the Soil thereof, adjoining to the said Common Salt Marshes, and they were thereby authorized and empowered, by such Means as they should think proper, to ascertain the Boundaries of the said Common Salt Marshes, and of the said New Marshes or White Sands, and the Ground and Soil thereof adjoining to the said Common Salt Marshes, and to appoint such Roads over the said Common Salt Marshes and the said White Sands as " should

Ellenfoot Harbour Bill committed.

31 Geo. III.

15° Marta.

307

should be convenient for the Use of the Company and the Occupiers of the said New Marshes or White Sandg, and for the Convenience of the several Parties to the said Agreement of the Second Part, and the Occupiers of any Messuages, in respect whereof they had or claimed to be entitled to Right of Common of Pasture, or to any other Common in and upon the said Old Common Salt Marshes, and also for the Use, Passage, and Enjoyment of all such Persons as ought to have any Ways or Passages over or through the said Salt Marshes, or New Marshes, or White Sands; and it also appeared that they the said William Wynn and Charles Potts were empowered, by any Deed or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to make such Decisions and Determinations, and such Rules and Regulations touching the Premises, and for the more effectual ascertaining and perpetuating the due Observance of the said Boundaries, and of the Roads and Passages so to be by them set out, ascertained, and distinguished, and the said William Wynn and Charles , and such other Person to be by them nominated and appointed, should think proper, so that such Award or Instrument should be executed on or before the 29th of September 1787; and it was agreed by and between the Parties aforesaid, that the said Agreement, and all the Matters therein contained, and also the Award and Determination to be made in pursuance thereof, should be submitted to the Consideration of the Legislature, so that the same might be established by the Authority of Parliament; and that the said William Wynn and Charles Potts, by a certain Writing indorsed on the before-recited Articles of Agreement, did on or about the 2d of November 1786 nominate and appoint Hugh Leycesler, of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, to be an Arbitrator or Referree with the said William Wynn and Charles Potts, for the Purposes aforesaid and that by a Deed Poll, or Instrument in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of the said Hugh Leyeester,' William Wynn, and Charles Potts, bearing Date on or about the 2 2d of September 1787, they made their Order accordingly; and by the said Act of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign certain Persons were appointed Commissioners for determining all Matters about which any Difference should arise between the said Nathaniel Kinderley and the Proprietors of any Lands adjoining the River Dee, and further Powers were given to the said Commissioners by the said Act of the Seventeenth of his late Majesty. And,

William Hamilton, Esquire, being examined, said, That most of the said Commissioners are dead, and it would be of Benefit to the Company to have new Commissioners appointed, with more extensive Powers.

Mr. Thomas Wedge being examined, said, That it Will be for the Benefit of the Company, and the Occupiers of the Lands vested in the Company, if the said Lands, or a considerable Part thereof, were erected into a separate Township or Hamlet, and if the Company or the Occupiers of the Lands were empowered to make such Rates upon the said Lands as should be necessary for the Maintenance of the Poor, repairing the Highways, and to do all other proper Acts for electing proper Overseers and other Officers for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made, one in the Twenty-second, and the other in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Lmcther, Mr. Penn, See,: And they are to meet this V o l. 46.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Colonel Egerton reported from the Committee, to Buckingham whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Brackley and others, of the Counties of Buckingham and North- ^tl’jtltion ampton, was referred; That the Committee had ex*- p mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said . Petition,

Mr. William Collison being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Town of Buckingham to the Town of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, is

greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow, and in other Respects incommodious to Travellers and Carriages, and that there is not any direct convenient Carriage Road from Brackley to the Town of,

in the County of Oxford. — And the Witness further said. That the amending and widening the said Road from Buckingham to Brackley, and rendering the Course thereof, more direct than at present, and the making and providing a commodious' Carriage Road from Brackley aforesaid, to join and communicate with the Daventry and Banbuty Turnpike Road at a convenient Distance from the said Town of Banbury, and keeping the said Roads in good Repair, will be a great Benefit to all Persons having Occasion to travel between the said Towns of Buckingham and Banbury, and of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening several Pieces of Road, and opening and making several Pieces of new Road therein described, so as to make a convenient Carriage Road from Buckingham through Brackley to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near And that

Colonel Egerton, Mr. Haynes, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor and Inhabitants of the Petition in Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was favour of a presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of TaxonDog$. the Application for a Tax upon Persons keeping Dogs, to be applied in Aid of the Poor’s Rates:

And recommending such a Tax to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Cawne, Clerk Account of to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, Mercers attended at the Door; he.was called in; and, at the Company Bar, presented to the House, prese^cd* ’

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the War-

dens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City of London, from the 10th of October " 178910 the 10th of October 1790, directed to be " laid before each House of Parliament by Two Acts,

" one of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the " Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London; and the other of the " Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty " King George the Third, iatituled, An Act for the " Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City of London."

And then he withdrew'.

And

308

15° Ma

A. 1791.

And tfye Titlg of the said Paper was read. remaining in the Bank of England from Sums issued

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, for the Payment of Dividends, on Account of the to be perused by the Members of the House. National Debt, and for securing the punctual Pay-

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other ment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same Papers of this Session. shall be demanded;

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Petition from House to be Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Bank of England was presented to the House, and the Governor called over. Day Three Weeks, the 5th Day of April next. read 5 Taki?g Notice of the said Bill; and Setting®"^";,

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then at* forth, That, in the said Bill, after reciting that in pur- Bank against tend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms suance sundry Acts of Parliament, certain Annuities Bank Divi-atteuding this House. and Dividends are regularly issued at the Receipt of deuds BlU’

His Majesty’s Exchequer, at the End of each Quarter

Leominster The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being of the Year to the Cashier of *e Governor and Com-BST returned to the Bar. the Clerk appointed to attend the of *he, Bfk °* *"4 'V Way of Imprest, and

Committee ..id Committee delivered in to ftVHouse One of the "n Account for Payment thereof to the respective roomtd- T i,„ wllMl h„,| h„ lk, ,„lH i„ Creditors of the Public, and that, by Reason of the

Delays which take Place before some of the said Dividends are demanded by the respective Proprietors thereof, a large Balance has been gradually accumulating in the Bank of England, which Balance amounted, on the 8th Day of January 1791, to the Sum of £.702,995. is. 3 and that a Balance to a smaller Amount would be sufficient to secure the punctual and immediate Payment of all Arrears of such Annuities or Dividends at the Bank of , as the same shall be claimed, and that it is just and reasonable that such Portion thereof as is at present useless to the Public and to the Proprieters, should be ap-

Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of William waring, Esquire, and Sir Thomas Baronet,

being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Lord John Russell, Joseph Randyll Burch, Esquire, Robert Peel, Esquire, John Trevanion, Esquire, Duncan Davidson, Esquire, Lord William Russell, the Lord Sheffield, Ralph Mitbanke, Esquire, Lawrence Dundas, Esquire, Sir Henry Fletcher, Baronet, the Lord North,

S^^W?* J°h" ^Uire' plied to Public Purposes, it is proposed to be Enacted,

IVi//t/fvn A/lntnfnnr'iYHf h Cninro OlT ' /mWJ/70 / lUYlflnQ r _ 1 C. . n

William Maxmaring, Esquire,

Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Richard Beckford, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto sub-

Mutiny Bill passed.

Report

Supply.

Provision for Militia.

Thomas unas, jbat the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, out of any Monies which shall have been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment of any Annuities or Dividends, payable at the Bank of England by virtue of any Act or Acts of Par-

... „ , liament, and which shall have become due previous to

senbed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being law- the ^tb p of 1791, pay, or cause to be paid,

ful Hectors of the Borough of Leominster, in the County int0°the R/cei t of His Majesty’s Exchequer, the Sum of Hereford, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, 500,000; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to

in the usual Manner. represent, that the Money, which is thus proposed to

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. b/ teken from th i/ private Property, of which Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet th are b Possession on Account, and for the Benefit forthwith, m One of the Committee Chambers ap- of Jthose to whom the same belongS) and the Peti-pointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elec- tjoners apprehensive, that, if they were to be silent during the Progress through Parliament of a Bill

which appears to them of so novel and extraordinary a Nature, and so repugnant to the Rights of those with whose Property the Petitioners are entrusted, and to whose Interests, without being negligent, they cannot be indifferent, they might be deemed to acquiesce in the Propriety and Justice of it; and as the Petitioners conceived that any Step to be taken by them for the Purpose of assembling the numerous Persons in every Class and Condition of Life, who are interested in the Public Funds, and collecting their Sentiments, might be productive of great Alarm, and perhaps occasion Public Disturbances, the Petitioners have been induced to acquit themselves of their Duty, in the Discharge of a great and important Trust, by preferring a plain and faithful Representation to this House of the serious Consequences to the Public Creditors with which the Petitioners are fearful this Measure is pregnant. The Acts of Parliament granting to the Contributors to the Public Loans the Annuities which are the Consideration paid by the Public for the Money obtained from such Contributors for the Public Service, and constituting all the Govern-

tions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charles Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ment Funds payable at the Bank, and the Evidences of

T>-~_LI__1_____ 1 _ £_ a.I_T)____1 ril 11 r . J _ 7

Order for 1* Heading of Bank Dividends Bill read.

That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1791.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for applying to the Public Service the Sum of £.500,000, out of the Balance

solemn and hitherto inviolable Contract between the Public and the Public Creditors, and uniformly contain, for the Benefit and Convenience of the latter, a Stipulation, on the Part of the Public, to the following Effect: That, for the more easy and sure Payment of all the Annuities, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed, appoint One or more sufficient Person or Persons to be their Chief Cashier or Cashiers,

and

tonfr^ '

G*

' ot &

acts;

k Du,

Js B;1L

31 Geo. III.

15° Martiu

309

and One other sufficient Person to be their Accountant To the present Moment, the Contract between the B*nk Divi-General, and that so much of the Monies by this Act Public and the Public Creditors, has been unimpair- denJs b*1'* appropriated for this Purpose, as shall be sufficient, ed, and the Public Faith preserved inviolate; no Al-froin Time to Time, to answer the said Annuities, teration, of the slightest Kind, has ever been made in shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, the Contract, but with the Consent of those whose without any further or other Warrant to be sued for in Property might be affected by such Alteration, and that Behalf, from Time to Time, and at the respective the Money to pay the Annuities has invariably been Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment issued with Punctuality to the Extent of the Public thereof, be issued and paid, at the said Receipt of the Engagements for the full Payment of the Public Exchequer, to the said First Cashier of the Bank, by Creditors. But by the Bill now proposed, out of Way of Imprest, and upon Account, for the Payment the Money actually issued to the Bank, in pursuance of the said Annuities, and that such Cashier shall, of Public Compact, and in the Performance of solemn without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and render Engagements, entered into for a full and valuable Con-his Accounts thereof according to the due Course of sideration, £. 500,000 is proposed to be taken back the Exchequer; and, by a subsequent Clause it is from the Bank into the Exchequer, and to be divert-Enacted, That the Bank shall be continued a Corpo- ed to other Purposes, in which the Owners of that ration for the Purposes of the said Acts, until all the Money which is to be taken, have no Concern but Annuities shall be redeemed, notwithstanding the Re- what is common to them with every other Subject demption of all or any of their own Funds: By the of the State. And the Principle upon which that Acts of Parliament from which what precedes has been Measure is introduced to the House, and which seems extracted, and which assure to the Public Creditors not to be concealed in the Bill itself, is such as must their respective Annuities in Return for the Money naturally excite the most serious Apprehensions: For contributed by them to the Public Service, not in the Petitioners beg Leave to observe, that so far from Obedience to a Law, but upon the Faith of a Public its being pretended that this is Money remaining in the Compact, the Legislature, One of the Parties to a Possession of the Bank without an Owner, it is ex-Contract of borrowing and lending, has expressly pressly admitted that it is not of that Description, nor stipulated with those whose Money the Public have can be taken upon that Principle, perhaps the only had the Benefit of, that, for their more easy and sure one which could justify the Seizure of Money levied Payment, the full Sura of their Annuities, at the and issued to pay those whose Money the Public bad Periods when they become due, shall be issued to the received; but because those to whom it belongs have Bank, for the Use, Benefit, and Convenience, of those suffered it to remain in the Place where they have sti-entitled to them, until all the Annuities shall be re- pulated it should be paid to them, a Right is claimed deemed, and besides, that this Mode of Payment is to take it back and to apply it to other Purposes,

Part of the original Stipulation of the Public, and is without entering into any new Contract with the incorporated into the Body of the Contract between Owners, and without their Consent; in effect, to seize the Public and the Public Creditors; it has also in its upon it in the Hands of the Agent for such Owners,

Favour the prescriptive Sanction of long Usage, and merely because those who alone have the just and the confirmed Habits of all who have invested their lawful Dominion over it chose to let it remain in the Money in that great Mass of Property constituting Possession of such Agent, and because the Use of it the Public Funds. The Money in the Bank, and out may be convenient in the Interval to those who have of which the Sum in Question, forming a large Portion the Power to seize it The Petitioners conceive it to of it, is to be taken, is the Balance of the Quarterly be their bounden Duty, not only to those whose Money Issues made by the Exchequer to the Bank for the this is, but to those whose Money they may be here-Payment of the Dividends contracted by Parliament after obliged to take, in order to replace what is now to be paid, and which the Proprietors suffer to re- to be taken away, and also to the Public Creditors at main in the Bank till it suits their Convenience to re- large, whose Property is invested in the Funds, and ceive them, and not from the Amount of unpaid Di- may hereafter, in various Ways, be materially affected vidends of any considerable Standing which may have by the Application and Extension of this Precedent, been forgotten by the Owner, or may be unknown to to represent against a Measure which appears to them him: That such is the Fact, clearly appears from the so unjust in itself, and so pernicious in its Principle.

Account which has been presented to the House of This Bill appears to the Petitioners to strike directly Arrears of all Dividends issued by Government to the at Two Principles regarded as sacred by the Law and Bank of England for Payment of the Public Creditors, Constitution of their Country — It appears to them at from the original Establishment of the Bank to the 31st once a Violation of Public Faith, and an Infringement December 1 787, and which remained unpaid on the 31st of Private Right; for after Parliament has entered into December 1790, of which Arrears, in all the different a solemn Contract, and has pledged the Public, as in Public Funds, the Total is, £. 127,457 3 4 Justice it was bound to do, for the punctual Issue of the Annuities due to the Public Creditors for their Payment; to issue £. 500,000 less upon any given Day stipulated by Parliament for the Issue, would be a manifest Breach of Contract; and to take back £. 500,000 after it has been issued as now proposed, is only a Difference in Form, but not in Substance. In either Case, the Contract with the Public Creditor is equally broken, and a Power to dispose of their Property is assumed, not’ warranted by any existing Law,

~ ‘ When the

And if to this be added the Ar-j

rears of Prizes due on Lotteries/ 46,380 ——

for the same Period, J

And Arrears due on various!

Miscellaneous Articles for the!- 16,427 6 9

same Period, J_______________

The Total of that Aggregate!

Arrear of these various Sub-> 190,264 10 t jects would be, J

Hence it is evinced that the £. 500,000 proposed to be nor justified by any sound Principle, taken is not Money which lies in the Bank to pay Public who owe it have issued the Money in pursuance Dividends unclaimed, for any considerable Time, and of the Contract, the Public has fulfilled that Contract, long in Arrear. If Dividends, Lottery Prizes, and and the Power to apply the Money to any other Pur-other Articles, not demanded for the short Space of pose appears to the Petitioners to cease, subject only Three Years, should be considered as old and un- perhaps to revert back, and re-vest in the Public, claimed, and should therefore be taken back, as being whenever a fair and reasonable Presumption should without an Owner (an Attempt that would surely warrant the Inference, that such Money remains with-offend the Reason and Justice of Mankind) even then out an Owner, when no Person exists who has any all that could be taken would be £. 190,264. 10 s.id. lawful Dominion over it, or can complain of any

Vol. 46, 4 K possible

Bank Dividends Bill*

310

15° Murtll A. 1791.

possible Injury from the Seizure of it: — But whilst that Money has a lawful Owner, the Fotver to seiie Upon it, by whomsoever claimed, must be repugnant to the lawM Right of the Owner, and subversive of the Principles by which private Property is secured from Invasion. The Money may not be employed by the Owners, but the Right of any other Power to seize it can never be founded upon that Circumstance. The Money \Vhrch is useless to the Owner may indeed be usefUl to others; but as little can that Circumstance found a Right in another to take it from the Owner; Two Rights so adverse to each other cannot exist consistent with the Rules of Property, on its just Security. Acts of Parliament for granting Annuities in Consideration of Money borrowed from Individuals for the Use of the Public, are, as the Petitioners conceive, rather Compacts than Laws: The Public borrow; Individuals lend; and all the Obligations of Justice attach upon such Contracts, and enforce as strict and faithft.il an Observance of them as of any other of the Conventions of Men. The Owners Of the Money proposed to be taken back are many in Number, dispersed in different Parts of the World, and include Persons under various legal Disabilities, 'as Well as those of all States and Conditions in Life: There must also bfe ttaany Persons among them improvident, or negligent, who, disregarding the ordinary Means of accumulating their Fortunes, leave their Money in the Bank of England, from established Confidence in its Security, and lortg Experience of "the Facility with which, upon the first Application, the Money can be procured, except only where those, who have had the Power of disposing of it, have, by their Testament, clogged that Disposition with such Limitations as impede the simple and easy Mode of Transfer in tJse at the Bank. On Behalf of all these various Descriptions Of Persons, the Petitioners humbly re-

?' rfesent, that none Of the Circumstances in which their VOpeity is involved at the Bank, and which may, in Some Instances, create temporary Obstructions that Yetard sometimes the Transfer of the Annuity itself, and sometimes the Application for the Dividend, can 'possibly afford any just Right to take their Money. — in no other Case than the present, would, as the Peti-

ThO Petitioners humbly suggest to the House, the Guardians of the Public Faith, that no slight or temporary Convenience, from the Use of Money not actually employed by the lawful Owners, would seem to justify the Establishment of a Precedent upon the Statute Book, by the Assistance of which the Property of the Public Creditors may be hereafter, and in worse Times, daringly and successfully invaded; nor do the Circumstances of the present Times seem to call for such a Measure, or offer any Excuse for a Deviation from the even and constant Regard which has been had to Public Engagements. — This Step is not about to be taken during the Pressure of an expensive and unsuccessful War, nor is the Time at which it is recurred to marked by any great Public Calamity, or distinguished by any Circumstances peculiarly inauspicious. But, on the contrary, it is generally understood, and the Petitioners believe, as they hope, truly, that the Affairs of the Nation are prosperous; its Trade and Commerce flourishing; its Finances thriving; its Resources abundant. — If, under such Circumstances, the Money issued to pay the Public Creditor* be taken back, and diverted to other Purposes, what may not justly be apprehended for their Property from this Example, at any Time of National Adversity, when Impatience and Discontent under Public Burthens may impel those, charged with the Conduct of Public Affairs, to take extraordinary Courses in order to obtain Revenue without taxing the People, and when this Precedent, the first of its Kind, will be in Force to justify every future Attack on the Property and Rights of the Public Creditors? If the Principle of this Bill were just, and its Object unexceptionable; if it were merely a Bill for directing the Application of Public Money lying in the Bank, the Petitioners would still be under the Necessity of soliciting from the House a more clear and explicit Direction for their Conduct than they have been able to discover in it after the most attentive Examination, and of entreating that, in a Bill which is to regulate their Conduct in the Execution of a Public Trust, they should not be left to collect the Intention from uncertain Implication, and doubt-

tioners apprehend, a Law affecting private Property *be suffered to proceed without the Consent of the Persons interested: The only exception, of which the Petitioners are informed, to a Legislative Rule of such Importance to the Property of Mankind, is the Case of Public Works, beneficial to the Nation; and even then the Individual, whose Property is necessary to them, is only compelled to part with it upon receiving the full Value of it, estimated on "Oath by a Jury. By this Bill the Property of Individuals is proposed to be taken without their Consent, and without their Knowledge. The Security of the Bank of England, which they now have for it, is to be taken from them, and their legal Remedies to recover it from the Bank, !in Case of Refusal or Delay in the Payment, are to he annihilated; and, in Lieu of what is thus to be taken from them, they are to have ’the contingent Security of any Money in the Receifit of the Exchequer, of the Aids or Supplies granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Current Year, or any preceding Year, or of any Monies arising 'from the Surplus of the Consolidated Pund, which may remain at the ‘End of afiy Quarter for the Disposition of Parliament, or of any Monies to arise by virtue of Exchequer Bills to be made Out in pursuance of this proposed Act: All 'which Securities, valid and available as they may be, do not, as the Petitioners submit, in the smallest Degree, justify the substituting them in Lieu of the Money itself in the Possession of the Bank, whefe "the rightful Owners have chosen to leave it, and in Lieu df tho Security of the Bank for its forth-coming when’ Called for, ‘with which the Owners are content.

fill Inference; but in the Distribution of Money, in which Individuals have also Interests, and which by various Acts of Parliament is appropriated, as it comes into the Hands of the Bank, to the Payment of those Individuals, it is peculiarly necessary to explain that which is ambiguous, and elucidate that which is obscure. — The Bill proposes that, out of Money issued for the Payment of any Annuities or Dividends payable at the Bank, which shall have become due at any Time previous to the 5th of January 1791, £. 500,000 shall be paid into the Receipt Of the Exchequer. It is not supposed that this Money, though lying in the Bank, is not due to the Public Creditors, and will not, or, at least, the greatest Part of it, be called for by the Owners: The Petitioners conceive it is not explicitly declared whether they are immediately to pay it when called for, and, if they are to pay it, out of what Fund; for the future Half Yearly -Issues are already appropriated by the respective Acts of Parliament which direct them to be made, and they are to be applied to the Payment of the Half Year s Dividends to which they belong — When the Money which is now the Property of the Creditors, whose Dividends became due previous to the 5th of January 1791, shall be taken away, the Petitioners are in Doubt, whether the Money belonging to the Creditors entitled to any subsequent Half Year’s Dividend is to be takch from such Creditors, and applied to the Payment of the Creditors of the Old Arrears; and whether the Money expressly appropriated by former Acts of Parliament to the Payment of One Set of Men is now intended to be diverted to the Payment of another.

’ if

31 Geo. III.

15° — 16°

311

If that be the Intention, the Petitioners hope it will be so declared in the Bill, should the same pass into a Law: Whilst the Bank had Money enough to pay the Dividends to all the Public Creditors, there was no Necessity for keeping different Cash Accounts in the Bank — But that Necessity, as the Bill stands, will now arise, for if Money belonging to those who were Public Creditors previous to the 5th of January 1791 be taken, and if the future Issues be, as they are, appropriated by the different Acts to the Payment of the respective Half Year’s Dividends, the Bank of England cannot disobey the Acts of Parliament, and reimburse One Set of Men with the Money of another; the Accounts of the Two cannot be blended. If it be meant to consider all Annuities but those which became due the preceding Quarter as Annuities in Arrear, and to throw into One common Mass, for the Payment of those Arrears, all former Issues of Money, annihilating all Claims of particular Creditors upon any particular Issue, except they demand the Payment within Three Months — In that Case, the Petitioners conceive, a special Provision for that Purpose will be necessary. And when the several Doubts hereby suggested are cleared up, the Petitioners hope it will be found proper to extend the Indemnity provided for the Petitioners, so as more clearly to secure them against the Provisions of the former Acts of Parliament, and the Misappropriation or Misapplication of Money which is still to be issued Half Yearly, under those Acts of Parliament, for the Use of the Persons entitled to the respective Dividends; the Breach or Non-observance tof which Acts, without the plain and precise Warrant of a new Law to justify it, may hereafter involve the Petitioners in Embarrassment and Perplexity. The Indemnity, as it now stands, is a Security only for what may be done or omitted to be done in pursuance of the proposed Act; but, if die Petitioners should be

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

| ,91-

3j.

A Motion was made,* and die Question being put, Bank Djvi-That the Bill be committed. dend*

The House divided,

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Neville,

’’ I Mr. Steele:

Mr. Alderman Watson,

Sir James St. Clair Erskine:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16* die Martii;

Anno 31* Georgii III,a Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners Land Tax for putting in Execution an Act of this Session Commis-of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an ®'onfrs B'11 " Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised passed'

" in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One M thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title questioned for applying the Money of One Man to the be, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Payment of another, as they apprehend they may be Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, m many Instances; if the Intention of the Legislature be left doubtful, their Defence must depend upon the Act now in Contemplation; and if their Case should

not fall within the Scope of the Protection afforded them by diat Act, their Indemnity, in the Terms in which it is now conceived, would not reach the Case. The Petitioners, deeming it their Duty not to withhold from the House any Information of which they are possessed upon a Subject of such Importance, have annexed to their Petition a Copy of a Letter, addressed to their Court of Directors, from the Persons whose Names are subscribed to it, being Ten of the Principal Houses of Commerce in the City of London transacting Business for Foreigners is the Public Funds, and to

which Letter the Petitioners

beg

Leave to refer the

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land " Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of u the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyone."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Chapel on of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, the Heath for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the ^"ddBd* Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the P Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

House: And the Petitioners, upon the Whole of the Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for fepair-Matter, most earnestly hope, That the said Bill, which ing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the hazards Interests of such Value and Importance to the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County State, and may in its Provisions and Consequences so of Gloucester'.

deeply affect the Security of the Public Creditors, may not be passed into a Law.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till tins Day Seven-might,

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative. Vol. 4-6.

Mr. Grey,

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor Colonel Phipps,

Mr. Rose:

82.

179-

Ordered, That Sir John Rushout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Tudxvay reported from the Committee, to whom Shepton the Petition of the several Trustees for executing Mallet Roads Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the ported. Second, and the Fifth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset,

' and for repairing the Road from Steen Bow Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Glastonbury to Piper\s Inn, and from Chilkwell to Glastonbury, and from Shepton Mallet to a Place called The White Post, in the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to 1 Veils, in the said County, whose Names are tiiereunto subscribed, was

referred;

16° MartH. 1791.

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774. relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Hyatt being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads, for which Purpose a considerable Debt hath been contracted, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, ana the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged.

That the Road leading from Batcmbe to Long Cross, in the said County of Somerset, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the Laws in being; and that it would be of Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and the Public, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for the Repair of the said first mentioned Roads.

And the Witness further said, That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the said Town of Shcpton Mallet, are not properly paved and cleansed, and the Powers given by the said Act of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for lighting the said Streets, and removing Obstructions therefrom, have been found ineffectual; and that it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons resorting to or passing through the same, if the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, were well and sufficiently paved, cleansed, lighted, and regulated.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing the Road from a Place called Long Cross Bottom, to the Bi'uton Turnpike Road near Batcombe Church, in the said County, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the said Town: And that Mr. Tudway, Mr. and Sir John Trevelyan, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bother Na- Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, to whom vigation Bill the Bill to enable the Earl of Egremont to make and reported. maintain the River Rot her Navigable from the Town of Midhurst to a certain Meadow called The Railed Pieces, or Stopham Meadow, in the Parish of Stopham, and a Navigable Cut from the said River to the River Arun, at or near Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Cottingham Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of inclosure Bill Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York; Passed-and for amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dq pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East. Riding of the County of York; and for amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the BHl to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ®" Parsl,’*s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to lvorce 1 ‘ dissolve the Marriage of John Parslow, Esquire, with Elizabeth Hall, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Com- Trafford’s mittee, to whom the Bill to enable Dame jane Name Bill

Widow and Relict of Sir Clement Knight, reP°rte<i‘

deceased, to take and use the Surname of,

pursuant to the Will of Edward Southwell, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Matthew White Ridley, from the Select Com- Barnstaple mittee, who were appointed to try and determine the Election d«-Merits of the Petition of Richard Wilson, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Cleoland, Esquire, is -duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Richard Wilson,

Esquire, did appear, to the said Select Committee, to be frivolous and vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That

I Oi to Mens.

Hdon [’bee?! I'ical E reported

V’

n:

Ti

— - — - LB I

’otUO&J

ne.vVt;,

d>se4

uU. -

P i"‘ 1

trf.

J

»\# 1

31 Geo. III.

16° Ma

313

Committee of Wajs and Means.

That the Opposition of the said John,

Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Afr. Gilbat took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Air. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Hereford and Gloucester Canal Bill reported.

Afr. Scudamore reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Newent, in the County of - Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Oue of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, describing the Line of the Canal through Part of the Parish of Bosbury, and the Parish of Ledbury.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- Committee solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on allowing consider of allowing a Bounty upon refined Sugar, ®ounty°n called Bastard, and ground or powdered Sugar, and p0^ed. refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, and on Sugar called Candy, exported from this Kingdom as Merchandize.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Afr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Afr. Speaker resumed the Chair. 5 t

Afr. Gilbert reported from the Committtj^^'bat they had come to a Resolution; which theyon directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered;That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Sugar Duty to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bill deferred. House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered \That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply de-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ferred. to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to provide for the

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Wednesday last, for taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow, the Report from the Committee of ^mpio/rnent the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the of Offender* Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain deferred. Cases, and for the Regulation of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered\That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Consideration upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 7th Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Day of April next, made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, describing-the Line of the Canal through Upleadon Farm.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported,

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regu- on c°rn * lating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and gu on

to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing certain Restrictions respecting the taking of Water.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that be made Part of the Bill. he was directed by the Committee to move, that they

and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Member added to bring in Bill for Relief of Owners of Vessels seized.

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Air. Ryder be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for granting Relief to the Owners of Vessels which may be seized.

may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill for Re- Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to m of Vessels Order, a Bill for granting Relief to the Owners of seised, pre- Vessels which may be seized: And the same was rented. ceived; and read the First Time.

Vol. 46.

4 L

17° — 18°

A. 1791.

Joins, 17* die Martii

Anno 31* Georgii III® Regis, 1791.

Consideration of Had<

and corrupt Perjury; and also, that be was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That the Attorney General be ordered to prosecute the said Thomas Smith for the said Offence.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Smith, having been guilty of Prevarication in giving his Evidence before the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, being Freemen and Electors of the City of , complaining of

an undue Election and Return for the said City, be,

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of William Fullarton, of Ful-bnr8hl&ced* larton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election

Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Hadding- _

Petition de- ton, Jedburgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, and Lauder, for the said Offence, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol ferred. in Scotland, being come; of And that Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

Tl»fl Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker rants accordingly, to the Mace to the Places adjacent, and re- Colonel Phipps moved the House, in pursuance of the

quifeffec Attendance of the Members on the Busi- Directions of the said Select Committee; ness the he House. Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do forthwith

And went accordingly. prosecute the said Smith for the Otfence of

And being returned; wilful and corrupt Perjury, of which the said Select Com-

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Se- mittee have reported that there are strong Grounds for

venty-eight Members only being present, Mr. Speaker SUSpecting the said Thomas Smith to be guilty,

directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Had; Jet siic.

W

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 18* die Martii;

Anno 31* Georgii III® Regis, 1791.

Praters.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Proceeding* One hundred and Twenty-seven Members being onHadding-

present; for’h'&c

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar: Election Fe»

And the Door of the House being locked; tition.

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Haddington, Jedburgh, Dunbar,

North Berwick, and Lauder, in Scotland, into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of tire Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Three Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Courtenay, Esquire, being

** rT'HE Hour appointed for taking into Considers- drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Com1 Ac. Election William Fullarton, of Fullar- mittee, by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

Petition con- ton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and tillered. Return for the District of Boroughs of Haddington, Jedburgh, Dunbarton, North Berwick, and Lauder, in Scotland, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House'.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Report from Colonel Phipps reported from the Select Commit-Exeter Elec- tee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the tion Com- Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are specfai’ea thereunder written, being Freemen and Electors of Witness hav- the City of Exeter, complaining of an undue Election ing prevan- and Return for the said City; That he was directed cated. by the Committee to report to the House, that 'Thomas Smith, being called as a Witness before them, had grossly prevaricated in giving his Evidence, and therefore that the said Select Committee had, according to the Power given them. by an Act, passed in the

And the Names of Twenty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Charles Grey, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Fifteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Name of Sir Henry Bridgman, Baronet, was drawn, who having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Seventy-eight other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Eight on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Fifteen against whose Election Petitions were depending; Eighteen as then serving on Select Committees; Thirty-five on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees; and Two on Account of their Returns to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the Names of all the Members of the House having been drawn from the Glasses, and read by Mr. Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Speaker to the House; and it appearing that there jesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of wanted Three Names to complete the List of Fortythe Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of nine Members to be delivered to the Counsel at the " Members to serve in Parliament," committed the said Thomas Smith to the Custody of the Serjeant at

'-SilCtoi

Until

*ed,

Arms attending this House.

Colonel Phipps also reported from the said Select Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to report to the House, that it is the Opinion of the Committee, that there are strong Grounds for suspecting the said Thomas Smith to be guilty of wilful 6

Bar;

Mr. Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said Petition into Consideration, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

J

31 Geo. III.

19° — 21°

315

Consideration of Haddington, Jedburgh, &c. Klee lion Petition deferred.

Sabbati, 19® Martii; Anno 3i# Georgii III111 Regis, 1791*

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of William Fullarton, of Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Haddington, Jedburgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, and Lauder, in Scotland, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And there being no Member in the House besides Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read

And the Names of Twenty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Name of Richard Hopkins, Esquire, was drawn, who having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Sixty-three other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Seven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Fourteen against whose Election Petitions were depending; Fifteen as then serving on Select Committees; and Twenty-seven on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioner nominated the Right honourable William Windham to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Spranger:

Monday, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny Bill. And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. The Lor*

have agreed to

till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Haddington, Jedburgh, iVc. Election Petition considered.

Lunce, 21° die Martii;

Anno 31* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1791. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of William Fullarton, of Fullarton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Haddington, Jedburgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, and Lauder, in Scotland, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And bein" returned.

Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An East India Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Sale Company’s or Mortgage of Annuities, pursuant to an Act made Bl1, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the East India " Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities,

" and by increasing their Capital Stock;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An American Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating Trade BlB* the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution ssion' an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, " An ere 1 *

" Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land " Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-without any Amendment: And also,

one

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Harlow and And a Member present having taken the Oaths, and Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, Stump Cross made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and of the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty, and the Boad Bill, subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in an Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County for those Purposes; of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chester-

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One ford, in the said County, without any Amendment: hundred and Thirty-two Members being present; And also,

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wellsbourn Bar. to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Tenth Mountfort,

And the Door of the House being locked; Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending Biy Roa<l

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition the Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort to Stratford upon

into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Twenty-two Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Charles Grey, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

Vol. 46.

Avon, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kelliugtnn Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common inclosure Bill. Fields, Meadows, Ings, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Kellington, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The

316

£1° Martli*

A. 179L

Biggleswade Roads Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navi-of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, and the gable Cut or Canal from the City of Hereford to the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden same to the Town of Newent, in the County of Glou-and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from

Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford,

Ordered, That Mr. Scudamore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

knvard tad: Peii-

&i reported.

Mr. Maimcaring reported from the Committee, to St. Pancrag to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in Paving Bill Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, rci)orte

' Tadcaster Inclosure Bill.

Cardigan ltoads Bill.

The Lords have passed

Parkes’s, 6 Exchange Bill.

watering, and watching the Streets, and other Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the West Side of Tottenham Court Road, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and for obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said Road to pave, repair, and cleanse such Part of the said Road as is therein described," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

t

Lane, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, Eaton Soken to the said Turnpike Road near Saint Neots Bridge; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields,

Common Ings, Stinted Pasture, Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Tadcaster, in the County of York, and County of the City of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed in the County of Cardigan, and for repairing other him to report to the House; and he read the Report Roads in the said County; without any Amendment: in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with And also, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Evrkhan^&C' for estaWishing and confirming an Agreement made then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the between William Parkes and Thomas Read, and Mary Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by his Wife, and the Right honourable George Earl Brooke the House, of JYarxvick Castle and Earl of Warwick, for the Exchange of certain Lands in the County of Warwick, and in the Borough of Warwick, in the said County; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury and Thomas Clutton to grant Building Leases, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose: to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Bath Estate, situate in the Island of Barbadoes, and late belonging to Edward Hay, Esquire, deceased, together with the Stock and Effects upon

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, &c. Leases Bill.

Day’s Estate Bill.

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parslows to dissolve the Marriage of John Parslow, Esquire, Divorce Bill with Elizabeth Halt, his now Wife, and to enable him Passed* to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hairy Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and enlarging the Bermondsey Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made Poor lil11

or belonging to the same, in Trustees, to be sold and in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Ma- PaSsed-

_________1 _________. a . r__.i . Tt ____ . tr /> i C 1 i _ j ct a _ a i4_

conveyed, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein expressed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

SheptonMal- Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to

let Roads and Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of

Paving Bill — *

jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " ascertaining and collecting the Poor's Rates, and " for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of " Alary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of " Surrey," and for other the Purposes therein mentioned,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the

presented Three several Acts> Passed in the Twenty-sixth Year Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King V ’ of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the George the Second, intituled, "An Act for ascertaining

Qn/irtrt^l nr>fl m tViA TiftL nr>rl niArttlAtVt V OO I’J rtf' ho Cl __1 II . 1 Tl___' TT _ a 1 I. 1 .

Hereford and Gloucester Canal Bill passed.

Second, and in the Fifth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing the Road from a Place called Long Cross Bottom, to the Bruton Turnpike Road near Bat-combe Church, in the said County, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Nin the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

S

P

ii

tl

it

ri

ai

tl

si

n

Vi

r<

H

and collecting the Poor's Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen " Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey," and for other the Purposes therein mentioned. *

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House ac- jjeanor and cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Coduorln-certain Commons or Waste Grounds within the Lord- closure Bill ships or Liberties of Heanor and in the Parish Presented*

of Heanor, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, ac- Thames and cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of ^omn/s

Proprietors jju presented.

'Ut ^11.J

'1 tfid

Hu

Hil

.1

31 Geo. III.

21° Ma

3 IT

Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navi- mittee had examined, and found that the Standing gation to borrow a further Sum of Money to complete Orders of the House, of the 25 th of April, 1774, rela-;

the said Navigation: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bromyard Roads Petition reported-

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for puting in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading' Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hertford, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and other Roads adjoining thereto, was referred; That and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon

tive to Rills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined, the Allegations of the Rill, arid found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Rill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5 th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Rills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. James H'ormington being examined, said, That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed ,£.3,130 upon the Credit of the Tolls, which has been applied in repairing the said Roads — -That the Roads cannot be effectually repaired and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the Acts are enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

The Reverend Mr. Hopton being examined, said, That it would be of Advantage to the Roads to have the former Acts reduced into One Act, and further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Hose Inclo-the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- re*

mon Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Com- P monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hose,in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23th of April 1774, relative to Rills of Inclosure, bad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Three Quarters of an Oxgang of Land, w ho, on being applied to, did not give any Answer; and that the Whole of the Lands entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed consist of 65 Oxgangs and a Quarter, or thereabouts, and of 15 Cottage Rights; and that no.

Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the

Handsnoi th Inclosure Bill commit-

ltd.

the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and Rill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which other Roads adjoining thereto: And that Mr. Alderman they had directed him to report to the House; and he Harley and Sir George Cornexvall do prepare, and bring read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ? the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

W'here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

in, the same.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Handsworth, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Littleton, Mr. Anson, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in tire Speaker's Chamber.

ingrossed.

Mr. Turner’s Bill presented.

hots and Wil-lord Poor Bill committed.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Loughbo-Communication between the Loughborough Canal and L^fgSt*"d the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintain- Canal Bill Sir James Murray presented to the House, according ing a Communication by Railways, or Stone Roads, committed, to Order, a Bill for vesting in James Turner, his Exe- and Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to cutors. Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Uso and the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the , Property of a certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, same, by passing along the said Canal to the said Na-tlimirjliout that Part of Great Britain, called England, vigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester,

" ' ' 1 ' "r ‘ ' - was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin, Sir Thomas Cave, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Petition from

tiic Dominion of 11 'ales, and Town of Bewick upon Tweed, lor a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the belter Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford,in several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ^Propric-the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rous, Mr. Call, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Barston and Tlungar In-dosure Bill reported.

being the Proprietors of a Machine standing and be- Leister6 ing on the Coal Hill in Leicester, used for weighing of Coal Weigh-Coals and other Commodities brought for Sale to that ing Machine Place, which was presented to the House upon the read again, 9th Day of this Instant March, and then ordered to an reerre ' lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Time, might be again read Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Woods, and other Com- And the same being read accordingly,

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

of Barston, otherwise Barkestone, and Plungar, in the / Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill County of Leicester, was committed; That the Com- is committed.

Vox.. 46. 4 M Ordered,

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee County of Gloucester, and from an Inn, called The have Voices. Hind’s Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge, which Haddington, The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being stands in the said County of Berks, was read a Second Jedburgh, returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the Time.

Committee01* sai4 Committee delivered in to the House One of the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Love-appointed, said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel den, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this

in his Presence, together with a new List of the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un- Chamber.

Btruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of,

Charles Grey, Esquire, and the Right honourable Wil- Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, Lewes Road Ham Windham, being added, the same was called over; to whom the Bill to continue the Term and Powers of BiUreported,

and is as follows: an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His

Thomas Master, Esquire, John Hill, Esquire, John present Majesty, King the Third, for repair-Bullock, Esquire, James Rooke, Esquire, Charles Callis ,ng and widening the Road from Lewes to Bright*

Western, Esquire, William Baker, Esquire, William hin the County of was committed; Praed, Esquire, John Harcourt, Esquire, Henry Howard, That the Committee had examined the Allegations Esquire, the Honourable Horatio Walpole, John Fenton the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Cawthorne, Esquire, George Sutton, Esquire, John the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Thongs Stanley, Esquire, Charles Grey, Esquire, the an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed

Right honourable William Windham. him to report to the House; and he read the Report

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with

Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition die Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the of Wiliam Fullarton, of Futtarton, Esquire, were sworn Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner. Put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. # Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet ingrossed. forthwith, iq One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elec- 4 Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, accord- West witter-

tions. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing that ?!*d.

Part of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Man- closure* Bill"* Bother Navi- An ingrossed Bill to enable the Earl of Egremont to hood, in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish prrseuted.

gation Bill make and maintain the River Rother Navigable from of in the same County, commonly

passed. the Town of Midhurst to a certain Meadow called called or known by the Name of Westwittering

The Railed Pieces, or Stopham Meadow, in the Parish mon; and also a certain other Open Waste or Common, of Stopham, and a Navigable Cut from the said River called Cackham Green, in the same Parish: And the to the River Arun, at or near Stopham Bridge, in the same was received; and read the First Time.

County of Sussex; and for other Purposes, was read Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, the Third Time,

Resolved, Thut the Bill do pass: And that the Title Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, ac- Birdham In. be, An Act to enable the Earl of Egremont to make cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing clo,ure Bill and maintain the River Rother Navigable from the that Part of The Manhood , in the Hundred of preseuled*

Town of Midhurst to a certain Meadow called The Manhood, in the County of Sussex, which bes in the Railed Pieces, or Stopham Meadow, in the Parish of Parish of Birdham, in the same County, commonly Stopham, and a Navigable Cut from the said River called or known by the Name of Birdham Common: to the River Arm, at or near Stopham Bridge, in the And the same was received; and read the First County of Sussex; and for other Purposes. Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent do carry the Bill to the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An parkes’*,*e. Manchester Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, accord- Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement Exchange Canal Bill ing to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining made between William Parkes and Thomas Read, and "*11 read'

presented. a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Presto- Mary his Wife, and the Right honourable George Earl

lee Bridge, in the Township of Little Lever, and from Brooke of Warwick Castle and Earl of for the

thence by one Branch to or near the Town of Bolton, Exchange of certain Lands in the County of

and by another Branch to or near the Town of Bury, and in the Borough of in the said County,

all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the was read the First Time.

same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Southampton A Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church Bill Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of committed, the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard, for the Use of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Amyatt, Mr. Sloane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for building a new Common Gaol and Ses- Surrey Gao), sion House, with Accommodations thereto, for the &c. Billcom-County of Surrey, and for disposing of the present ,uilted. County Gaol, and the Ground thereto belonging, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Lord William Russell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

F) field and A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Newbridge several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of Koad* Bill the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Se-

vommitted. anc{ in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the 7

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Little Woolclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common *ton Incio-Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little p Woolston, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be,

feV End: Uitpuru

be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, uom-mon Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Wooltltm, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That the Earl Vemey do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Selby Bridge Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Util repurud. whom the Bill fot building a Bridge at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from , in the West

Riding of the County of , to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingboro in the East Riding of the said County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees of the said Navigation; and also, the Petition of the Right honourable Algernon, Earl of Beverley, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the first mentioned Petition, no Counsel appearing on Behalf of the second mentioned Petition, and bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once rehd throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingroS6ed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Christleton Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Inclosure Bill Township of Christleton, in the County of Chester, was commltw read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Creive, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Account of suant to their Address to His Majesty, Extraordi-

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, °^h# incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Pay- 8eXd.P master General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1789 to the 24th of December 1790, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1789 to the 24th of December 1790, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament

Dates of Warrants.

1790.

January 6th.

February 15 th. March 12th. 25th. April 21st May 7th.

20th. July 28th. August 19th. October 23d. December 8th. January 6th.

28 th. March 15 th.

33d,

Vox.. 46.

To Thdrhas Everett, Merchant, upon Account, for Garrison of Gibraltar, between the 31st August and 1789 ——

To tr,upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison,

between 28th September and 25th October 1789 To D®, upon Account for victualling D* Garrison, between 26th October and 22d November 1789 To D#, upon Account for victualling D® Garrison, between 23d November and 20th December 1789 -To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between 2lst December 1789 and 17th January 1790 To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between 18th January and 14th February 1790 To D®, upon Account for victualling D® Garrison, between 15th February and 14th March 1790 To D®, upon Account for victualling D® Garrison, between 15th March and 9th May 1790 To D®, upon Account for victualling D® Garrison, between 10th May and 6th June 1790 -To D®, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, between 7U1 June and14th July 1790 -

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 5th July and 26th September 1790 To Messrs. John Turnbull, Geo. Mackenzie Macaulay, and Thomas Gregory, upon Account for Provisions issued to the Troops in Canada -To D®, upon Account for D® issued to the Troops in the District of New Brunswick -To D®, upon Account, for D® issued to the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th September and 24th October 1789 - -

To D®, upon Account fof Duties paid in Ireland on Provisions which have been shipped for the Use of the Troops serving Abroad - -

victualling the 27 th September

2,921 1 1

2,890 ’ 7 10

2,873 3 8

2,871 10 3

2,871 3 10

2,883 13 3

CO 00 Cl 13 5

5,777 12 3

2,953 6 1

3,065 14 5

9*7^1 1 10

5,886 15 3

4,056 18 7

677 10 5

986 1 12 2 1

To

21° Mdrtil

A. 1791.

Army Extra- Dates of Warrants, ordiuaries. —: ——

1790-

March 26th.

July 2d.

30th. November 3d.

12 th.

December 4th.

8th.

March 23d.

May 7th.

12th. November 3d.

April 21st. July 22d.

1788. September 13th.

To Messrs. John Turnbull, Geo. Mackenzie Macaulay, and Thomas Gregory, upon Account, for sundry Provisions issued for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia -

To D®, upon Account, for D® issued and delivered for the Use of the Troops in Canada -

To D°, upon Account, for D° Service - -

To D®, upon Account, for Provisions issued and delivered for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia and Canada -

To D®, upon Account, for D® delivered for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia -

To D#, upon Account, for D® Service -To D°, upon Account, for D# issued and delivered for the Use of the Troops in Canada -To Messrs: Neave and Aislabie, towards the Purchase of Six Months Provisions for 5,000 Men in the West Indies ——

To D®, for Provisions shipped - for Supply of D® in D® -

To X>", for D° Service - - - - ~

To D®, in Part of a Warrant of this Date for £.11,119. 14. 3. to complete the Purchase of Provisions for the Troops in the West Indies - *

To Elizabeth Budd, for Provisions kept up in the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey

To D®, for D# Service ---«-

To the Right honourable Henry Dundas, Treasurer of the Navy, upon Account, for certain Quantities of Beef and Pork put on Board sundry Victuallers for the Use of the Army in the West Indies, in the Year 1784.....-

5,089 9 10

8,608 9 1

1,328 19 9

10,964 13 2

9»i5S 15 9 3,505 9 6

10,970 8 2

6*400 — —

10,732 14 8 76 12 6

119 H 3

226 9 7 226 9 7

10,290 8

Deduct the Amount of Stoppages for Provisions from the Regiments in Canada, Nova Scotia, and the West Indies, from December 1789 to December 1790 - -

131,063 16 2

29,542 3 9

1790. October 23d.

To Evan Nepean, Esquire, for sundry Articles purchased by him for Presents to the Indians in Canada - - - 2,227 1 5

To D®, towards the Purchase of sundry D* for D® - 10,000 — —

December 4th. To D®, to complete the Purchase of sundry D® for D® - 1,182 4 2

1790. February 15th.

To pay Bills of Exchange, drawn by M. G. O'Hara, acting Governor of Gibraltar, for sundry Special Contingent Services for that Garrison - - - 1,208 7 11

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by D®, for D* Service - 1,264 7 7

May 12th. To Nath1 Clark, to pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn at Newport, Rhode Island, under the Direction of Lieut. Governor Des Bar res, for Public Services, and the Charges of noting and protesting the same, with the Interest thereon - -

February 17th. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Archd

Commander in Chief at the Bahama Islands, for Public Services ——

To D®, drawn by Lord Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama Islands, for D® Services -To D®, drawn by John Orde, Governor of Dominica, for D® Services - -

To D®, drawn by JVm MLieut. Governor of Cape Breton, for D* Services To D®, drawn by Ed Governor of Grenada for D® Services - -

To D®, drawn by Edward Marcus Despard, Superintendent of His Majesty’s Affairs on the Coast of Honduras, for D® Services To D®, drawn by Alured Clarke, Lieut. Governor at Jamaica, for D® Services - -

2,472 15 6

145 2 3

4,249 15 1 4,815 — — 1,306 ——

533 14 6 2,231 18 11

812 7 4 225 ——

101,521 12 5

13,409 5 7

To

31 G®o. Ill, 21° Martii.

Hates of Warrants.

I79°-

February 17tbi To Bills of Exchange, drawn by James Governor of St. Vincent, for Public Services -To D*, drawn by John Governor of Nova Scotia, for D° Services -

To D®, drawn by Samuel President of the

Council at Grenada, for D® Services -To D°, drawn by John ,acting Governor of the

Leeward Islands, for D° Services -

262 15 9 207 7 11

1,328 4 9

822 17 1

321

Army Extrfc-brdinaries.

19,41219 1

To Cash paid by Mn Winslow, acting Deputy Paymaster in Canada, towards the Expences of the Civil Department of that Province, to 24th December 1789, pursuant to Warrants from the Right honourable Lord Dorchester - - - - 9,579 18 6

To D#, paid by D# towards D°, to 24th June 1790, pursuant to Warrants from D° ----- 10*089 1 1

1789. August 5th.

December 24th.

1790. March 26th.

May 15th,

July 7th.

September 6th.

1788. October 1st.

1789. September 4th.

December 14th.

17 90. January 29th.

February 2d.

V01.

To Major George Darner, for the Balance of his Account, as late Deputy Quarter Master General in the Leeward and Charibbee Islands, from December 1781 to the 24th June 1782 - - - 27 19 6

To Robert Roberts, Esquire, for D®, as Director and Purveyor of the Hospital. for Prisoners in America, between the 26th May 1778 and 31st March 1779 - 35 11 6

To John Jaffray, Esquire, for D®, as Administrator to the late Rich4 Graham, Esquire, Deputy Commissary

General at St Lucia, between the 12th July 1779 and 7th August 1780 - -

To the Representatives of Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for a Balance of his Account, as Contractor for sup-. plying the Troops in the Isle of Man with Forage,

« between the 29th of September 1765 and 8th March 1775 - -

To D® for D®, as Contractor for supplying the Forces in North America and the West Indies with Provisions - - ’ - -

To Sir' John Johnson, Baronet, for the Balance of his Account, as Representative of Sir Wm Johnson, Baronet, deceased, late sole Agent and Superintendant of Indian Affairs in the Northern District of North America, between the Years 1755 and 1774 -To Sir..James Cockbum, Baronet, in Part of a Balance

due to him as Commissary General of Supplies to attend the Combined Army in Germany, from August 1762 to March 1763 ——

189 ——

186 9 1

I12 5 10

381 10

700 — —

To Messrs. Ross and Ogilvie, to be paid over to sundry Officers of the 35th Regiment of Foot, for Losses they sustained in the Hurricane at St. Lucia, in the Month of October 1780 - - 123 7 6

To the Earl of Burford, Major of the 34th Regiment

of Foot, for the Losses he sustained in his Passage to

England from Montreal with the said Regiment, in

the Year 1787, by the Lord Shelburne Transport

foundering at Sea ——

To the Right honourable Henry Dundas, Treasurer of the Navy, for the Value of a Flat Boat, &c. supplied

by the Boatswain of the Ship Endymion, for the Use

of the Army in Canada ----- *

To Edw4 Marcus Despard, Esquire, Superintendant of

Affairs on the Coast of Honduras, for the Expences he was put to in entertaining the Officers of his Catholic Majesty in that District, previous to the Convention there in the Year 1787 -

To H* Hamilton, Esquire, late Lieut. Governor and Superintendent of the Settlement at Detroit, for his Services in the Province of Canada, in the Years 1777 and 1778 - -

To Major Rich4 Bercnger Lemoult, in Consideration of his Services, and the Extraordinary Expences he

4 N

80 ——

40 3 8

250 ——

580 — —

19,6158 19 7

1,632 15 11

incurred.

322

Army Extra- Dates of Warrants, ordinaries. r - *- --

1790.

February 23d.

April 7th.

21st. June 2d.

28th.

July 14th.

August 4th. 16th.

24th.

1789. September 30th.

October 14th.

1790. January 13th.

21° Martii.

incurred, during his Command at the Post and Settlement at Detroit, from October 1778 to October 1779 - -

To M. G. Harcourt, Colonel of the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, to be paid over to Two Captains, to reimburse the Cost of Necessaries, purchased by them for the Use of the said Regiment, which were lost in the Henry and Ann Transport Brig, that was captured by an American Privateer in the Year 1776 To General Hodgson, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 4th Regiment of Foot, which were taken by the Enemy on board the Saville Transport off the Grenades, the 7th July 1779 -

To M. G. O'Hara, for the Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments in the Garrison of Gibraltar, from 25th June to 24th December 1789 -

To Captain The? Mackenzie, for his Services and Disbursements for the Crew of the Sloop Hunter, during the Time they were employed in the Defence of Quebec, at the Siege in the Year 1775 -To Lieut. Jit Drummond, for a certain Sum of Money expended by him in the Purchase of Provisions, as Part of the Cargo of the Brig Amelia, an American Vessel, for the Use of the Settlers at Cape Breton, in the Year 1785, under the Instructions of Lieut. Governor Des Barres ——

To Messrs. Cox, Cox, and Greenwood, to be paid over to sundry Officers of the 34th Regiment of Foot, for Losses they sustained by the foundering the Lord Shelburne Transport, in the Year 1787 -To M. G. O'Hara, for the Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1789 to 24th June 1790 -

To the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel, being the Amount of several Sums, with which he was erroneously charged for Subsistence to Colonel s

Corps, who were not in his Serene Highness’s Service -

To Lieut. Col. De Lancey, for the Expences incurred by him in the Employment committed to his Care, of adjusting Military Transactions relating to North America, from 5th April 1789 to 5th January 1790 -

316 ——

J39 5 2

56 4 4 41 li 1

188 4 4

409 7 5

51 7 <» 60 19 7

S71 18 —

162 6 —

To Michael Grant, for 359 Days Pay, as Surgeon to Providence, in the Bahama Islands, to 24th December

1784....

To D°, for 365 Days D°, as D®, to 24th December 1785

To D°, for 365 Days D\ as D®, to 24th December 1786

To D®, for 365 Days D®, as D®, to 24th December 1787

To D®, for 366 Days D®, as D*, to 24th December 1788

To Lieut. Robert Griffiths, for his Allowance for superintending the Service of forwarding Deserters passing to and from Great Britain and Ireland, between 24th December 1787 and 25th December 1788 -

the Forces at

51 — 2 5* »7 3 5i 17 3

51 17 3

52 — l

52 3 —

To Rolf Adair, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Inspector General of Hospitals to the Forces in Great Britain, to 24th December 1789 ——

To Sir JVm Fawcett, K. B. for 183 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General to D® -To Lieut. Rolf Griffiths, for his Allowance for superintending the Service of forwarding Deserters passing to and from Great Britain and Ireland, between the 24th December 1788 and 25th December 1789 To L. G. Morrison, for 183 Days additional Pay, as Quarter Master General, to 24th December 1789 -To D®, for 365 Days Pay of his Two Assistants, as D® to D® -

To L. G. Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay, as Lieut. Governor of the late Garrison of Fort St. Philip in Minorca, from 25th June to 24th December 1789 - .

691 10 —

520 1 —

53 2-520 1 — 172 17 6

346 14 —


A. 1791.

2,770 «4 7

To

21° Martii.

31 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1790.

January 28th. To James Lawrie, Esquire, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 21st December 1789, in Consideration of his Services, as late Superintendant, Captain, and Com* raander in Chief on the Musquito Shore February 2d. To Daniel Fraser, late a Captain in the Queen’s American Rangers, for One Year's Allowance, to 1st January 1789, in Consideration of his long Services prior to the late War ——

10th. To several General Officers, for their Trouble and Expences in reviewing the Land Forces in the Year 1789 15th. To G. Brinley, Esquire, for 227 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary to the Army at Halifax, in North America, to 7th December 1789 -

To Jit Craigie, Esquire, for 365 Days D®, as Commissary of the Army in Canada, to 24th June 1789 To D®, for 365 Days D®, as Store Keeper General in the Province of Quebec, to D®

26th. To M. G. Townsend, for his Pay for superintending the Recruiting Service of the Regiments abroad, from 25th June to 24th December 1789 -

To Col. 'Diet Carleton, for Half a Years Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th December 1789 -For the Pay of the Staff Officers of the late Garrison of St Augustine, for 366 Days, to 24th December 1784 March 24th. To Lieut. Col. De , for his Pay, as Adjutant General to the Forces in North America, from 25th December 1788 to 24th December 1789 May 12th. To Roger Johnson, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary of the Army in America, to 31st December 1789 ——

June 17th. To Pierce Smnot, Esquire, for One Year’s Allowance, to 3d May 1790, for his Services as late Lieut. Governor of Niagara ——

July 5th. To G. Brinley, Esquire, for 152 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary of the Army at Halifax, in North America, to 8th May 1790 - *

6th. To Jot Laurie, Esquire, for Half a Year’s Allowance, to 21st June 1790, for his Services as late Superintendant Captain, and Commander in Chief on the Musquito Shore ——

7th. To Sir tVm Fawcett, K. B. for 182 Days Additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1790 To L. G. Morrison, for 182 Days Additional D®, as Quarter Master General, to D® -To L. G. Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay, as Lieut. Governor of the late Garrison of Fort St. Philip, in Minorca, from 25th December 1789 to 24th June 1790 To several Persons who were employed in the Naval Service on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada during the late War, for Half Pay, from the 30th June

1786 to 25th June 1790....

To M. G. Towtisend, lor his Pay for superintending the Recruiting Service of the Regiments abroad, from 25th December 1789 to 24th June 1790 24th. To Col. Jot Fr1 Erskine, for Half a Year’s Pension, to 5th April 1790, in Consideration of the Loss he sustained in Consequence of a Regiment which he raised in Switzerland, in the Year 1781, not having been sent to India, as was proposed - - ’ -

25th. To the Reverend James Gordon, for Difference of Pay, as Chaplain to the Garrison of Fort George, in North Britain ——

September 1st. To Col. Th<t Carleton, for Half a Year’s Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th June 1790 ——

6th. To Gregory Townsend, Esquire, for 1,096 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary of the Army in North America, to 31st December 1789 -

To Jot Farquharson, to complete his Pay, as Commissary in Cariada, in Consideration of his taking Care of and issuing Provisions to the Loyalists in that Province, for 115 Days, to 24th December 1786 - ' *

Vol. 46.

323

Army Extra;* Ordimriw.

28th.

August l8th.

O

250 -

4o — — a,593 6

170 5 — 373 15 9* 5 —

260 6

250 ——

462 5 4

345 *5 — 182 10 — I50 — —

l,4 ——

250 -

5»7 4 -517 4

344 —

436 — —

258 12 —

273 6 — 108 2 11 250 ——

548 ——

57 10 —

To

21° Martii.

A. 1791.

324

Army Extra-ordinaries.

Dates of Warrants.

179°-

September 6th.

30th.

October 27th.

November 26th.

December 9th.

1790.

March 10th. 17th. 30th.

1789. December 9th.

16th.

20th.

1790. January 27th.

February 10th.

1

'To Neil Maclean, to complete his Pay, as Commissary

in Canada, in Consideration of his taking Care of and issuing Provisions to the Loyalists in that Province, for 115 Days, to 24th December 1786 -To Jrt Craigie, for 365 Days Pay, as Commissary of.

the Army in Canada, to 24th June 1790 - »

To D°, for 365 Days D#, as Storekeeper General in

D®, to D®.....-

To Col. J. F. Erskine, for Half a Year’s Pension, to 10th October 1790, in Consideration of the Loss he sustained in Consequence of a Regiment which he raised in Switzerland, in the Year 1781, not having been sent to India, as was proposed -To Captain Jet Richard Dacres,of the Navy, for 203 Days Pay, from the nth June to 31st December ' 1776, during which Time he was employed as Master and Commander upon Lake Champlain in America ——

To Hugh Thomson and Yves Chiquet, for Half Pay, from 30th June 178610 25th June 1790, in Consideration of their being employed in the Naval Service on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada during the late War -

57 10 - 273 *5 — 91 5~

273 6 —

ioi 10 —

254 16 —

To pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for One Year’s Allowance, to Christmas 1789, for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland, &c. ‘ 481 11 6

To Lord A. Gordon, for so much expended by him on divers Occasions, for the good of His Majesty’s

Service in North Britain, in the Year 1789 - - 300 ——

To Sir In" Inglis, Baronet, for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Forces in several Garrisons and Barracks in North Britain, and the Out Posts in their Neighbourhood, from 1st January to 31st December 1789 - - - 2,128 15 2

To D®, for Necessaries, &c. for the Use of the Forces in

North Britain, for the Year 1789 - 1.132 9 10

To Lieut Governor Singleton, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces in Landguard Fort from 25th December 1788 to 24th

June 1789 ----- -- 109 15 —

Tp D®, for providing D® for D® Forces, from 25th

December 1787 to 24th June 1788 - 126 15 7

To D®, for providing D° for D® Forces, from 25th June to 24th December 1788 - 109 19 2

To Lieut. Governor Lord Elphinstone, for providing D® for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 20th June to 18th September 1789 ----- - 151 11 3

To Earl Cornwallis, for the Expence of Coals for the.

Use of the Sick of the 33d Regiment of Foot in the Hospital at Windsor, from 3d October 1787 to 8 th October 1788 - - - - 31 11 —

To Wm Merry, Esquire, for the Extra Charge of Freight on 1,204! Chaldrons of Coals, sent by him to Gibraltar ----- -- - 361 7 —

To D®, for His Majesty’s Proportion of the above

Coals - - -.....1,866 19 6

To Lord Amherst, for supplying Coals and Candles for the Troops in the Island of Guernsey, from 25th June to 24th December 1789 - 247 19 7

To Nich‘ Fiott, for D® supplied for the Use of the Forces at Jersey, from 25th March to 24th December 1789 - - 395 17 9

To W.B. Clinton, for providing and repairing di-

vers Utensils for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25th December 1788 to 24th December 1789 ----- -- 144. 3 3

To D®, for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Use of the Forces in the Citadel of Plymouth,

12,409 14 $

4,042 16 6

St

&1 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

21° Martii

1790. February loth.

a6th. March 3d.

24th. 30th. May 14th.

28th.

July "th.

14 th.

21st.

July 2Sth.

St. Nicholas Island, &c. from 25th June t024th December 1789 - -. - - -

To Joshua Darwin^ for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Use of the Forces at Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford’s Fort, from 25th June to 24th December 1788 ——

To D#, for providing D® for D# Forces^ from 25th December 1788 to 24th June 1789 -

To D®, for providing D° for D® Forces, from 25th June to 24th December 1789 - -

To Edu/ Kent, Esquire, for providing D® for the Use of the Forces at Chatham Barracks, from 25th June to 24th December 1789 -

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for providing D° for the Use of the Forces in Landguard Fort, from D" to D® ——

To G. Leith, Junior, for providing D° for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Deal) from D* to D# To the Earl of Darlington, for furnishing Coals and Candles for the Forces in the Garrison of Carlisle, for the Year 1789 ——

To P. IE. Irving, Governor of Upnor Castle, for providing D® for the Use of the Forces in the said Garrison, from 25th December 1788 to 24th December 17S9 ——

To M. G. Scott, for additional Coals and Candles for the Guards doing Duty in Windsor Castle To Jit Gore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries furnished by him for the Use of the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Lady Day 1790 -

To IV. B. Clinton, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock - -

To H.Henderson, for providing and repairing Utensils, and furnishing Coals and Candles for the Use

of the Forces in the Barracks at Hilsea, Portsmouth, &c. -

To D", for D® Service ——

To D®, for D° Service -

To James Money penny, Esquire, Master of the Barracks

in the Savoy, for supplying Coals and Candles to additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot

Guards in the said Barracks, between 24th June and

25th December 1789 ——

To D®, for providing divers Utensils for the Use of D® Barracks, in the Year 1789 To IV" Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of 691 Chaldrons of Coals landed at Gibraltar To D®, for the Extra Charge of Freight on D* Coals ——

To That Best, for supplying the Barracks of Dover Castle with Coals, &c. for the Troops there, from 25th December 1788 to 24th December 1789 To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Use of the Forces in Land-guard Fort, from 25th December 1789 to 24th June 1790 - - , -

To G. Leith, Junior, for providing D® for the Use of the Forces in Barracks at Deal, from D® to D®

To IV. B. Clinton, for providing D° for the Use of the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth, St. Nicholas Island, ^c. from D® to D® -To Joshua Darwin, for providing D" for the Forces at Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford’s Fort, from D® to D° ——

To James Moncypenny, Esquire, Master of the Barracks in the Savoy, for providing Coals and Candles for the additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards which were usually stationed there, but lately removed from thence to temporary Barracks at Knightsbiidge, between 24th December 1789 and 25th June 1790 -

56 12 5

74 19 2 67 15 7 55 — 9

513 19 n

106 8 1

97 13 1

78 3 —

8 7 3

24 2 —

616 13 2

500 ——

298 14 9 370 l 1 252 n 9

295 9 8

156 — 8 1,071 1 —

207 6 —

297 16 11

104 1 2

108 4 8

215 — 9

63 13 5

VOL. 46.

303 10 10

40

326 21°

Dates of Warrants.

Army Extra-. _ ________

ordinaries.

1790- .

August 25th. To Educt Kent, Esquire, folr providing Coals, Candles, Brooms, See. for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Chatham, from 25U1 December 1789 to 24th June 1790 ——

September 8th. To W" Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of 731 i Chaldrons of Coals landed at Gibraltar between 23d July and 5th August 1790 29th. To Lord Elp for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Foroes in Edinburgh Castle, from 19th September to 18th December 1789 -

To D*, for providing D° for D# Forces, from 19th December 1789 to 19th March 1790 To D#, for providing D* for D° Forces, from 20th March to 18th June 1790 -

To fV. B. Clinton, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces at Plymouth Dock -

October 6th. T° Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of 819 £ Chaldrons of Coals landed at Gibraltar between 18th August and 3d September 1790 13th. To D°, for extra Freight, Demurrage, and Insurance on 1,551! Chaldrons of D°, sent by him for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar -To Jit Gore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries furnished by tym for the Use of the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Michaelmas 1790 .

To D% for sundry Utensils, &c. furnished by him for D#, for One Year, to D®

372 18 — i,i34 4 3

185 7 8 191 3 3 159 13 4

400 ——

1,270 4 6 2,307 17 9

335 5 10 81 17 4

1787. April 20th.

1790. January 13th.

27 th.

February 10th.

ijth.

26th.

To Lieut Col. Ward, for the Marches of the Cambridgeshire Militia, from 25th December 1782 to 22d March 1783 - 125 12 —

To D*, for sundry Claims on Account of D’ Militia - 47 — 2

To Sir Wm Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th June to 24th December 1789 - -

To L. G. Morrison, for his Contingent Expences, as Quarter Master General, from D* to D*

To Col. Williamson, for his D°, as Deputy Adjutant General in South Britain, from D' to D°

To M. G. Roy, for his D*, as Deputy Quarter Master General, from D* to D*

To Tho‘ Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards, in the Year 1788 -

To the Reverend Wm Wilmot, for One Year’s Rent of the Minister’s House in the Savoy, hired for the Use of the Forces there, to 24th December 1789 To Messrs. Phipps and Bernard, Agent to the late Regiment of Invalids, for Subsistence of sundry Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Regiment, from the 25th December 1787 to 23d January 1788, when they were discharged To Wm Brown, Lieut. Governor of the Island of Guernsey, for Rent of a House in the said Island, from 25th December 1788 to 24th December 1789 To Major Grose, for providing Knapsacks for his Corps of Foot To Rob' Adair and Joseph Partridge, Esquires, Executors of the late Jrt A. F. Hesse, for certain Articles, which, upon an Examination, appear to be sufficiently vouched, being Part of a Warrant granted to the said J. A. F. Hesse in the Year 1769, for the Pay of Hospital Officers -

To M. G. Townsend, for his Contingent Expences, as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from the 25th June to 24th December 1789 -

To D*, being the Amount of his General Account of Expenditures on D" Service, for Six Months, to D* -To Samuel Wyatt, Esquire, in Part of a Warrant for £. 14,606. 7. 6. for the Charge of Twenty Military Hospitals built by him, and sent to different Stations

265 5 — 164 4 — 78 3 ~ 108 3 —

1,955 16 — 42 2 —

283 15 —

57 15 — 86 5 —

- 413 7 »i

244 6 655 14 8

A. 1791.

15,927 18 3

in

21° Martiu

m

31 Geo. Ill*

Dates of Warrants.

,79°*

in the West Indies, for the Use of the Forces there, there being £. 12,000 already voted in former Accounts of Extraordinaries -March 3d. To lld Taylor, Esquire, Secretary to the Committee for Army Accounts, for the Contingent Disbursements of the said Committee, to 24th December

1789.....-

To F. and J. Carleion, for the Expences in the Embarkation, &c. of Troops at different Ports in the Kingdom of Ireland, in the Year 1789 -10th. To Lord Howard, K. B. for Rent, Repairs, &c. of the Stables lately occupied by the 1st Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards under his Command'

April 14th. To Messrs. Eyre and for Paper, Printing, &c.

of several Acts of Parliament, and Rules and Orders for the better Government of the Forces, delivered to the Office of the Secretary at War -

21st' To the Agents of sundry Corps, to make good the Loss by Exchange on Bills drawn by the Right honourable H. T. Clements in Ireland on the Paymaster General in Great Britain, for Subsistence advanced to the said Corps on their Embarkation from Ireland ——

28th. To That Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs, &c. of the Foot Guards Rooms and Sutlers, Somerset House Barracks, and Recruit House, in the Year 1788 - -

May 14th. To M. G. Ainslie, for the Expences of a Suit commenced by him, as Commanding Officer of the 15th Regiment of Dragoons, relative to an unsound Horse sold to that Regiment -To the Representatives of Lieut. Colonel Cary, for the Contingent Disbursements of the late 89th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June 1780 ——

To D#, for D° of D° Regiment, from 25th June to 24th December 1780 ——

28th. To the Agents of the Regiments of Foot Guards, to reimburse the Effective Private Men of the said Regiments the Deduction of Poundage made from their Pay, from 25th June to 24th December 1789 -June 2d. To Marg1 Fisher and Sarah Thresher, for Half a Year’s Rent, to Lady Day 1790, of Premisses at Knights-bridge, now occupied as temporary Barracks for a Battalion of Foot Guards -

30th. To Leonard Morse, Esquire, for his Expence and Trouble in carrying on for One Year, to Midsummer 1790, a progressive List of Commissions of all the Officers of the Army ——

To Sir Wm Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th December 1789 to 24th June 1790 -

To L. G. Morrison, for his Contingent Expences, as Quarter Master General, from D° to D® -To M. G. Williamson, for his D®, as Deputy Adjutant General, from D® to D®

To M. G. Roy, for his D°, as Deputy Quarter Master General, from D® to D®

July 20th. To Joseph Partridge, as surviving Executor of J. A, F. Hesse, for Fees paid on passing the Account of the said J. A. F. Hesse, as Paymaster of Hospital Officers, from the Year 1758 to 1764 -21st. To the Representatives of Ja? Ballmer, late Captain of an Independent Company of Foot, for the Marches, See. of the said Company, from 25th July 1781 to 23d September following To D®, for Bread Money for D° Company at Chatham Barracks, in the Year 1781 -To D®, for providing Knapsacks for D® Company -2 8th. To George Gamier, Esquire, for Medicines delivered for the Use of the Army in the Year 1789 To Hy Edo/ Fox, Commandant of the Forces in Chatham Barracks, being the Amount of his General

Vol. 46.

2,606 7 6

466 4 5 126 8 3

408 16 —

207 10 —

73 7 2 1,833 6 3 91 13

205 2 2 232 17 10

1,052 13 9

140 18 —

103 3 —

265 5 — 174 4 — 78 3 — 108 13 —

127 6 6

33 !2 8

3i 4 3 31 16 —

1,262 17 10

Army Extra-ordinaries.

Account

i^.oc le

Army Extra-ordinaries.

Dates of Warrants.

1790.

August 18th.

November 3d.

December 15th.

1789.

December 16th.

1790-March 26th.

April 21st.

May 12th.

July 5th.

6th.

28th.

21° Mart 'ii.

A. 1791 ’

Account of Expenditures for Pay and Contingencies of Staff Officers, &c. at Chatham, for Six Mouths, to 24th June 1790 ——

To M. G. Townsend, Inspector General and Super-intendant of the Recruiting of the Forces abroad, for the Pay, &c. of Staff Officers at Dimcannon Fort, for Six Months, to D® -To M. G. Townsend, for his Contingent Expences as Inspector General and Superintendant of the Recruiting of the Forces abroad, from 25th December 1789 to 24th June 1790 -

To Jit Charlton, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account of Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c. -To The? Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards, for One Year, to 1st January 1790 -To Francis and John Carleton, for the Expences incurred by them in the Embarkation, &c. of Troops at different Ports in Ireland, id the Year 1790

578 7 3 343 4

i 64 16 6

2,000 ——

5,022 2 10 205 1 7

22,502 3 10

To Amount of Sums paid by James Seton, acting Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies, to Col. Andrew Fraser, Commanding Engineer, on Account of Expences in his Department, being in Part of Bills drawn by the said James Seton on the Paymaster General in the Year 1790..... 50,338 8 4

263,637 8 10

PAYMENTS on Account of the Forces in the East Indies.

To Captain Rob? Duncanson, of the 77th Regiment of Foot, for an Allowance for 150 Days, from 15th of January to 13th June 1787, during which Period he had the Charge of a Party of Recruits on their Passage to India - - 37 10 —

To the Agents of several Regiments serving in the East Indies, for the Accommodation at the Captain’s Table of sundry Subaltern Officers ordered to embark for the East Indies To Messrs. Cox, Cox, and Greenwood, Agents to the 77th Regiment of Foot, serving in D®, for D®

Service -.....-

To sundry Persons, to make good the Deficiency of Assignments for cloathing several Regiments serving in the East Indies -To the Agents of the 75th and 76th Regiments of Foot serving in India, for the Accommodation at the Captain’s Table of Two Subaltern Officers ordered to embark for East India -To M. G. Murray, Colonel of the 7 2d Regiment of Foot serving in D®, for the Off-reckonings of 30 Contingent Men of that Regiment, made effective for One Year, to 5th July 1789 -

To Major John Gratton, for 365 Days Pay, as Quarter Master General of the Forces in the East Indies, to 21st April 1790 ——

To sundry Agents of Regiments serving in India, for the Accommodation at the Captain’s Table of several Subaltern Officers during their Voyage to the East Indies -

To Messrs. Ross and Ogilvie, Agents to the 71st Regiment of Foot serving in D®, for D® Service - 1

To the Agent of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year

1789.....163 3 —

To D® of Dr Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the

Year 1790.....2,362 19 8

To D® of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of D® and D®, for the

Year 1789 - - . - - - 642 14 —

844 —

74 U —

2,058 5 144 11 — 68 19 5

365 ——

144 11 — 74 11 —

To

Li*-

Vol. 46.

To the Agent of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1790 - 2,427 4 —

To D® of the 5 2d Rfeginfient of Foot, on Account of D®, for the Year

1788 --‘---15 11 6 To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of

D®, for the Year 1789 - - - 69 6 —

To D® of D® Regiment, oh Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1790 - " . ‘ ‘ ' 3,387 10 8

To D® of the 71st Regiment of Foot,

on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1789 - - - 198 5 —

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the

Year 1790.....1,991 8 6

To D® of the 7‘id Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year

1789 ----- - 202 16 6

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of

Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1790 ----- 1,761 2 Id

To D® of the 73d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for D®

Year -.....i,774 13 8

To D® of the 74th Regiment of Foot, on Account of D®, for the Year

1789.....82 15 6

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1790 ----- 2,358 8 2

To D® of the 75th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1789 ----- 208 9 —

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of Recruiting and Subsistence, for the Year 1790 - - - - 1,912 12 —

To D® of the 76th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1789 ----- 91 1 6

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1790 ----- 1,048 8 4

To D® of the 77th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1788 - - - 5156

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of

D®, for the Year 1789 - - - 63 17 6

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the

Year 1790.....2,202. 3 10

To D® of the late 100th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1784 - - - 109 13 —

----- ----- ---- 23,079 19 8

To the Clothier of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, for 214 Days Net Off-reckonings, to 24th December-1789 - - - " -

To D® of D* Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1790 -

To D® of the 36th Regiment of Foot, for 183 Days D®, to 24th December

1789 - ....

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1790 -

To D* of the 5 2d Regiment of Foot, for 183 Days D®, to 24th December 1789 -

To D® of D° Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1790 -To D" of the 71st Regiment of Foot, for 183 Days D®, to 24th December 1789 - >-

1,364 16 —

1,144 19 8

1,130 17 TL

1,124 14 4

1,130 17 11

1,124 14 4

1,130 *7 ll

4 P

Army Extra-ordinaries.

To

330.

21° Martii. A.-Vt9 L

Army. Extra* ordiuaries.

To the Clothier of the 71st Regiment of Foot, for 182 Days Net Off-reckonings, to 24th June 1796 -

To D° of the 7 2d Regiment of Foot, for 183 Days D#, to 24th December 1789 - -

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1790 -To D® of the 73d Regiment of Foot, for 183 Days D®, to 24th December 1789 -

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182' Days D®, to 24th June 1790 -

To D® of the 74th Regiment of Foot, for 183 Days D®, to 24th December ,789 -

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1790 -To D® of the 75th Regiment of Foot, for 366 Days D®, to 24th December

1788 ——

To D® of D® Regiment, for . 365 Days

D®, to 24th December 1789 -

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1790 - -

To D® of the 76th Regiment of Foot, for 183 Days D®, to 24th December

1789 - -

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1790 -

To D® of the 77th Regiment of Foot, for 183 Days D®, to 24th December 1789 -

To D® of D® Regiment, for 182 Days D®, to 24th June 1790 -

1.124 14 4

1.130 1711

1.124 14 4‘

1.130 17 11

1.124 14 4‘

1.130 18

1.124 14 4 2,261 17 6

2,255 12 4

1.124 14 4

1.130 18 —

1.124 14 4

1.130 18 —

1.124 M 4

26,196 18

1

To the Agent of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of 365 Days Arrears to 24th December

1787 - - - 1,207 16 1

To D® of D* Regiment, on Account of 366 Days D®, to 24th Dedember

1788 - - - - l,2id 16

To D® of the 36th Regiment of Foot,

on Account of 365 Days D®, to 24th December 1787 - - 1,1^7 9 *

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of 366 Days D®, to 24th December

1788 - - - 1,145 1 —

To D* of the 52d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D®, to 24th

December 178^ - - - - 1,177 —

To D® of D® Regiment, on Acdount of 366 Days D®, to 24th December , 178* ----- - 1,145 l —

To D® of the 71st Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D®, to 24th December 1787 - - - - 1,234 15 l

To D® of D° Regiment, on Account of 366 Days D®, to 24th December

1788.....1,145 1 —

To D® of the 7 2d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D®, to 24th December 1787 - - - 1,195 0 3

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of 366 Days D®, to 24th December 1788 - - - 1,145 1 ~

To D® of the 73d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D®, to 24th December 1787 - - - - 999 8 5

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of 366 Days D®, to 24th December

1788.....1,145 1 ~

To D® of the 74th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 366 Days D®, to D® - 1,145 4 -

T*

31 Geo. III.

To the Agpnt-of the 75th Regiment of Foot, oa Accopnt. of 366 Days Arrears, to 24th December 1783 - - 1,145 1 —

To D* of the 76th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 366 Days £), to D* - 1,145 1 —

To D* of the 77th Regiment of Foot on Account of 366 Days D*, to D* - 1,145 1 —

----- ----- --- 18,50s 1 1

331

71,597 9 335,23418 —

N.B. — When Remittances are made from India, the Public will have Credit, in a future Account of Extraordinaries, for the above-mentioned Sums issued to the Agents and Clothiers of sundiy Regiments serving in the East Indies,

War Office,

21 March 1791*

Geo. Y

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

Report Resolution for allowing a Bounty on Sagan exported#

to he perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing a Bounty upon refined Sugar, called Bastard, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broken io Pieces, and on Sugar called Candy, exported from this Kingdom as Merchandize, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Three Shillings and Four Peace be

House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Steele, Mr.

Rase, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Adam Lymbumer, Agent from Quebec, Petitions was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, against the That the Petitioner, being the deputed Agent of the Quebec Bill. Subscribers to the Petitions from the Province of Quebec, bearing Date the 24th of November 1784, now on the Table of the House, has had Communication of a Bill which has been introduced into the House for the Purpose of settling a new Constitution of Government for that Province: And, as there are several Clauses and Articles in the said Bill which the Petitioner apprehends w ill, if passed into a Law, materially

allowed for every Hundred Weight of refined Sugar, injure the Interests of his Constituents, therefore pray

called Bastard, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, exported from this Kingdom as Merchandize.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by rite House.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to

ing, That he may be permitted to be heard, on Behalf of his said Constituents, at the Bar of the House, by himself or Counsel, against certain Clauses of the said Bill.

A Petition of James Rhyn, Alexander Ellice, John Inglis, Robert Hunter, John and George

Dyer, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Merchants trading to, and interested in the Trade and Commerce of, the Province of Quebec, was also presented to the

His Majesty an additional Duty on Sugar imported House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to repeal into this Kingdom, is committed, That they have Power certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year ' T' ' ‘ ' '' . of His prescut Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act

" for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America" and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province; and Setting 'forth, That the Peti-further of Ways and Means for raising tbs Supply tioness apprehend several of the Clauses in foe said Bill

.to make Prov^ion in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

Report Ways Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the sod Means, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider

Pay and Cloathing of the Militia.

granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1791, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1791.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, Vo u 46.

will materially injure them, and others interested in the Trade ana Commerce of the said Province: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may haye such Relief in foe Premises as to,the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be then heard; by themselves or Counsel, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

The

21° Martii.

A. 1791.

Dumfries, dec Petiiiou deferred*

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Election and Return for the Borough of Newcastle under . Election tjje Day of December last, for taking into Conside- Lyme, in the County of Stafford, be taken into Consider-'erred. ration Tomorrow the Petition of Sir James Johnstone, ation upon Thursday, the 14th Day of next, at Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, for the District of Boroughs in Scotland of Dumfries, Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable Wil-Kirkcudbright, Annan, Lochmabon, and Sanquhar, Ham Gordon, commonly called Lord William Gordon, might be read. and James Esquire; and also, the Petition of

And the said Order being read accordingly; the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, being lawful Electors of Members to serve in Parlia-That the said Order be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

/Mr. John Smyth,

u

51.

37.

[Mr. Charles Long: } fMr. Grey,

Tellers for the Noes, j Sir James St. Clair [Erskine:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday next, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

ment for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 19th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Esquire;

and also, the Petition of William, Derby, Philip Moysey, Philip Moysey, Junior, John Arthur Winne, William Ragland, Richard Jago Squire, John Hawker, George Kimber Cromwell, and Edward Kingdom, all legal Freemen and Voters of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves, and

Days for

considering

Election

Petitions

altered.

on

many other Electors of the same Borough, severally The House was moved, That the Orders, appoint- complaining of an undue Election and Return for the ing the Days for taking into Consideration the several said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tues-other Petitions complaining of undue Elections and day, the 3d Day of May next, at Three of tire Clock in Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, might be the Afternoon.

read. , Ordered, That the Petition of James Fraser, Esquire,

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the the same were, on the Question being severally put there- Borough of Honiton, in tire County of Devon, be taken upon, ordered to be discharged. into Consideration upon Thursday, tire 5th Day of May

Ordered, That the Petition of John Drummond and next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Robert Drummond, Esquires; and also, the Petition of _ Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Godfrey W

the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the

Baronet, and John Tar let on, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, be taken into Consi-County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue deration upon Tuesday, the 10th Day of May next, at Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Three of tire Clock in the Afternoon.

Consideration upon Tuesday, the 29th Day of this Instant Ordered, That the Petition of John Rutherford, of

March, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Edgerston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election

Ordered, That the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, and Return for the County of Roxburgh, be taken into complaining of an undue Election and _Retum for the Consideration upon Thursday, the 12th Day of May

Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 31st Day of this Instant March, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Preston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for thq Town and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Ordered, That the Petition of William' Wrightson, Gloucester, be taken into Consideration upon j

Esquire; and also, the Petition of Moses Boom, Joseph the 17th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Jellyman, Joseph Chinn, Edward Barter, Richard Ed- Afternoon. munds, ThomasW ornell, William Winter, TheophilusLewis, Ordered, That the Petition of Smith, Esquire,

and Henry Plaskett, Freeholders of the Borough of Down- a Candidate at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in ton, in the County of Wilts,severally complaining of an Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County undue Election and , Return for the said Borough, be of complaining of an undue Election and Return

taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 5th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable Cropley Ashley, and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 7 th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Colonel Thomas Dundas; and also, the Petition of Charles limes, Clerk to

for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 19th Day of May next, at Three of the . Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Seale, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday,

the 24th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire; and also, the Petition of William Bryant, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shasotherwise Shqftsbury,

His Majesty’s Signet, Gilbert Meason, Esquire, of Ro- in the County of Dorset, be taken into Consideration

thiesholm, Captain Alexander Graeme, of Greerrwall, Malcolm Laing, Esquire, Advocate, Sir Thomas of

Kerse, Baronet, and of Charles Dundas, Esquire, being Freeholders of the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Stewartry, be taken into Consideration , upon Tuesday, the 12th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Fletcher and

upon Thursday, the 26th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Clayton, Esquire, the Reverend William Smelle, and William Bell, Electors of

Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Bo-Clement Kinnersley, Esquires, complaining of an undue rough, severally complaining of an undue Election and 7 Return

kitj

(4;

tit®

31 Geo. III.

21° Martii,

333

Wolford's Divorce Bill deferred.

Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee

upon Tuesday, the 31st Day of May next, at Three of itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill on Sugar the Clock in the Afternoon. for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Sugar DutJ'

Ordered, That the Petition of Joseph Foster Barham, imported into this Kingdom,

and George Porter, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the The House accordingly resolved itself into the said

several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Committee, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Elec- Air. Speaker left the Chair,

tors of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Afr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Southampton, severally complaining of an undue Elec- Afr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

tion and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That Consideration upon Thursday,the 2d Day of June next, they had gone through the Bill, and made several at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

Ordered, That the Petition of John Payne, Esquire, to report, when the House will please to receive the complaining of an undue Election and Return for the same.

Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, be Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 7th Day of Morning.

June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire; The House being informed that Afr. Jennings, from Accounts end also, the Petition of the Inhabitants possessing the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; predated. Houses within the Borough of Cricklade, in the County and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their of Wilts, who, by immemorial Custom and Usage, Orders,

have a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Customs, Ex-

serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally Taxes paid into the Exchequer under the Heads of *?» Stamp*, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, from the 6th ncl euts‘ said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thurs- Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791, day, the 9th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in both inclusive; distinguishing the Produce of each Year: the Afternoon. And also,

Ordered, That the Petition of the Petitioners there- An Account of the Net Produce paid into the Ex- Land and

under subscribed, who are Freeholders for the County chequer of the Annual Duties on Land and Afalt in Malt, o f Radnor,complaining of an undue F.lection and Re- the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790;

turn for the said County, be taken into Consideration distinguishing each Year, and each Tax; the

upon Tuesday, the 14th Day of June next, at Three of Land Tax from Lady Day to Lady Day, and the Malt the Clock in the Afternoon. Tax from Midsummer to Midsummer: And also,

Ordered, That the Petition of Richard Smith, An Account of all Sums paid into the Exchequer, Snmiap- Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Re- or applied to the Public Service, in the several Years plied to the

turn for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lin- from the 6th of January 1786 to the 5*6 of Ja- ^K u’

coin, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday,the nuary 1791, both inclusive, not being Part of the

16th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Sums paid on Account of the Annual Produce of the Afternoon. Duties under the Head of Customs, Excise, Stamps,

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Home Gordon, and Incidents, or on Account of the Annual Land of Ernbo, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Robert and Alalt Taxes, or on Account of the Lottery: And Bruce zEnea* Macleod, of Cadboll, Esquire, severally also,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for An Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, PubKcDebts,

the County of Sutherland, be taken into Consideration as they stood on the 5th Day of January 1786, with

upon Tuesday, the 21st Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

the Annual Interest, and other Charges, payable thereon: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they stood on the 5th Day of January 1787, with the Annual Interest, and other Charges, payable thereon: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they stood on the 5th Day of January 1788, with the

Catholic DU-tenters Bill committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Annual Interest, and other Charges, payable thereon: intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John And also,

JValford,the YouDger, with Sophia Elizabeth Jearns, his An Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, as

now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for they stood on the 5th Day of January 1789, with the other Purposes therein mentioned. Annual Interest, and other Charges, payable thereon:

And also,

Ordered.That the Bill to relieve, upon Conditions An Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, as and under Restrictions, Persons called Protesting Ca- they stood on the 5th Day 17 with the

tholic Dissenters, from certain Penalties and Disabili- Annual Interest, and other Charges, payable thereon:

ties to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Slave Trade deferred.

And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they stood on the 5 th Da 1791, with the

Annual Interest, and other Charges, payable thereon:

And also,

An Account of the several Charges on the Aggregate Aggregate and Consolidated Funds in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, and Consofi-Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- 1789, and 1790, respectively, exclusive of the Interest dated Fund*-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on the Public Debts: And also,

House, upon the said Bill. An Account of all Monies that remained in the Monies re-

Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1786, after re- m

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow serving sufficient to defray the Interest and Charges of ch*quer'. Three W’eeks, the 12th Day of April next, resolve itself the Public Debt due at that Period, and also after set-into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ting apart all such Monies as were applicable to the of the African Slave Trade. Payment of His Majesty’s Civil List, or any other

Vol. 46. 4 Q Service?

Googh

21° — 22° Marts.

A. 1791.

Services that remained at that Time due and unsatisfied.

And then be withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered \That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account* re- Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, pursuant lating ioNew to their Orders,

South Wales presented.

An Account of the Number of Convicts which have been shipped from England for New South , and of the Number intended to be sent in the Ships now under Orders for that Service: And also,

An Account of the Expence incurred in transporting Convicts to New South Wales, as far as the same can be

‘ Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their ‘ Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their " Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the " British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properries, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain," which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1791, together with the Sum of £ 6. 5 s. per of the

Principal Sum contained in each Order; and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the loth Day of October 1791, after the same Rate of £. 3. io«. per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £. 6. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively; and also, an Account of the Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3. 10 5. per Centum per Annum, for Two Years and Nine Months, of the Principal Sums contained in the several Orders

made up: And also, .

An Account of the Quantity and Cost of the Pro- made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for £.50, visions and Stores which have been sent to New South or more, pursuant to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of Hales,lor the Maintenance and Support of the Settle-

Supply

deferred.

Ways and

Means

deferred.

ments there, as far as the same can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Charge and Expence of the Civil and Military Establishments in the Settlements of New South Wales.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted , to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in " their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of " their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the " British Government; for making Compensation to " Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary " Articles, to the Army or Navy in America during the " War, or whose Property was seized, used, or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service " there; and also for making Compensation to such " Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East " Florida to the King of Spain," which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1791, together with the Sum of £. 6. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order; and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1791, after the same Rate of £. 3. io*. per Centum per,

on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £. 6. 5 s. for every £. 100 contained in each Order respectively.

Coimnittee on Quebec Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more effectual Provision for " the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North " America," and to make furdier Provision for the Government of the said Province, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 22* die Marlii;

Anno 31* Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1791,. Praters.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3* 10 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied after the Payments which became deied** or* due on die 10,h October 1790, on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

.Account. respecting Relief to American and East Florida

MR. Henry Hobart, from the Select Committee, Newark

who were appointed to try and determine the Election d*-Merits of the Petition of William Esquire; termlDe4' .

and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Newark, in the County of Nottingham, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the Petitions did in Part depend upon the Right of Election; and that, thereupon, the said Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended.

That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the " An Act for giving said Petitioner, William Paxton, Esquire; and also, for the

31 Geo. III. 22° Martii. 335

the said Petitioners, Electors of the Borough of Newark, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" Statement on the Part of the Petitioners, with regard to the Right of Election.

44 The W ords of the last Determination of the " House of Commons in the Resolution of nth " January 1699 (That the Mayor, Aldermen, and " Inhabitants, within the Borough of Newark upon " Trent, in the County of Nottingham, who pay, or " ought to pay, Scotland Lot within the said Borough, " have a Bight to vote at the Election of Members " to serve in Parliament for the said Borough) express so correctly the Right for which the Petitioners contend, that they can scarcely employ any " other language that would serve to elucidate, or render more plain, the Meaning of those Words, but, in Compliance with the Requisition of the Committee, they state that, according to the said " Resolution, all Inhabitants who are rated and pay, " and also all Inhabitants who by Law ought to be rated, and to pay the Poor and other Parochial Taxes, have a Right to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, William

Crosbie and John Manners Sutton, Esquires, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Counsel for the Sitting Members contend that the Construction of the last Resolution of the House of Commons, of the 11th Day of January 44 1699-1700 (That the Mayor, Aldermen, and all the Inhabitants, within the said Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, who pay, 44 or ought to pay, Scotland Lot within the said Borough, have a Right to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough) is, that the Mayor and Aldermen, and all " the Inhabitants within the said Borough, who, 44 being rated to the Parish Levies or Assessments, 44 have actually paid, or will pay in the Course of the Collection, or are compellable by Law to pay, or are left out of the Rute by the Fraud and criminal " Conduct of those who have the Management of the Rates, or of the Justices at the Sessions to which the Appeal from the Rate lies, or who, by being impro- perly left out of the Rate, have not had Time to appeal, or to try their Appeal, before the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, or who have come " in the Occupation of Rateable Propriety, subsequent " to the Allowance of the Rate, immediately preceding the Election, and have not been therein inserted, have 44 a Right to vote at the Election of Members to serve " in Parliament for the said Borough."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Newark.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, 19 not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Neicark.

That the said Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them touching the Right of Election, have determined.

That the Right of voting for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Nottingham, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and all the

Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot within the said Borough.

That the said Select Committee have also determined.

That William Crosbie, Esquire, is duly elected a Bur-Vol. 46.

gess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newark, in the County of Nottingham: °

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Manners Sutton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newark:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said William Paxton, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Electors of the Borough of Neicark, in the County of Nottingham, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said William Crosbie,

Esquire, t‘o the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of John Manners Sutton,

Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. James Lovcther reported from the Committee, Ellenfoot

to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Harbour Bill

n o.

Two Acts, made, one in the Twenty-second, and the report-other in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, arid preserving, the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; That Hie C ommittee h^d examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom vinehall and the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Cripps’s Cor-thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Exe- ''er.l{"ad cution an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Vinehall, in the Parish of Mountfield, in the County of to Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the "Windmill in the Parish of

Beckly, and from Staple Cross to Langley's Water Coni Mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Jeremiah Curteis, Esquire, being examined, said,

That

Rityvill Vent Hoad Petition reported.

336

22° Ma

A. 1791.

That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, except with respect to the Road from Staple Cross to the Turnpike Road near, the Windmill in the Parish of Beckly, and from Staple Cross to Long-

ley's Water Corn Mill at Kent Ditch, whereon no Turnpike has been erected — That the Trustees have made great Progress in repairing the other Roads, and have borrowed, on the Credit of the Tolls collected on the Road leading from Vinehall to the Town of Rye, the Sum of £. 2,600, which still remains due — That the said Act is nearly expired, and the Roads cannot be kept in Repair, and the Interest of the Money borrowed paid, unless the Term of the Act is continued, the Tolls increased, and the Act in other Respects made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Vinehall, in the Parish of Mountfield, in the County of Sussex, to Cripps’s

Corner, and from thence to Cross, and to the

Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckly, and from Staple Cross to Longleys Water Com' Mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps’s Comer to the Town of Rye, in the said County, as relates to the said Roads from Staple Cross to the Turnpike Road near the said Windmill, and from Staple Cross to Long ley’s Water Com Mill aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the rest of the said Roads: And that Mr. Bakerm<\ Mr. Thomas Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the " County of Sussex, through Highgate, in the County " of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst,

" and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Comer, in the said County of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent;" and also another Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much " of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening " the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of " Sussex, through Highgate, in foe County of Kent,

and foe Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and " from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Comer, in the " said County of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake, in the " said County of Kent, as relates to the Road from " Highgate to Tubb's Lake, and for enlarging the " Term and Powers of the said Act with respect to " foe other Roads therein contained," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that foe Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that foe Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and bad directed him to report foe same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at foe Clerk’s Table: Where foe same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove foe Allegations of foe said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Jeremiah Curteis, Esquire, being examined, said. That great Progress bath been made in amending the said Roads, but from the Nature of foe Soil and other Circumstances, the said Roads cannot be completed and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of

n

the said Acts be enlarged, and in some Respects varied, and made more effectual.

The Witness further said, That the Distance from The Four Oaks on the said Turnpike Road in Beckly, through Whitebrcad Lane, in the Parishes of Beckly and Northiam, to the Turnpike Road on Northiam is less by One Mile and a Quarter and Seventy-four Rods than by the present Turnpike Road from the said Four Oaks, through the Villages of Beckly and Northiam, to foe End of fVhitebread Lane, on foe Turnpike Road on

Northiam Hill-, but the said fVhitebread Lane is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by foe ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Sussex; and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with some of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called fVhitebread Lane: And that Mr. Baker and Mr.

Thomas Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for making navigable foe Rivers Wreak and MeltonMow-Eye, from the Junction of the said River Wreak with the b.ray Navig*-intended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at committed, or near a certain Place called Turrrwater Meadow, in the Lordship of Cossington, to Mill Close Homestead, in Parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resotoed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Po-chin. Sir Thomas Cave, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Bantoo an# Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Woods, Pt"ngarl»-and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, clB<^je Blft within the Parishes of Barston, otherwise Barkestone, P*SS and Plungar, in foe County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing foe Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Woods, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Barston, otherwise Barkestone, and Plungar, in foe County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing th© Hose indo-Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and sure Bill other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within P*ted* the Parish of Hose, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That foe Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within foe Parish of Hose, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to foe.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Day's Estate Act for vesting the Bath Estate, situate in the Island Bid read, of Barbadoes, and late belonging to Edward Day,

Esquire, deceased, together with the Stock and Effects upon or belonging to the same, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Money to arise by

Deo*

(V

(itierl

it.U>

litres

iteior

JfWSt

folia®

to

fey

foul

H

k*\ , &l«r

31 Geo. III. 22° Martii.

337

such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein expressed, was read the First Time.

Resolved ', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dean and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Canterbury for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury

&c. Leases' ar>d Thomas Clution to grant Building Leases, pursuant Bill read. to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition against the Hall&mshire Cutlers Bill.

Muster Rolls of Vessels *bich sailed from Liverpool, Sec. ordered.

Dee River Company’s Agreement BUI ordered.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers within the Liberties of , in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberties, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains several Clauses restrictive of the Trade within the said Liberties, and will, if passed into a Law, be very detrimental thereto; and that the said Trade has of late Years greatly increased, in Consequence of a Departure from the Restraining Clauses in an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, wherefore the Petitioners conceive, that all such Clauses in the present Bill, as are restrictive of the Trade, and contrary to the liberal Policy which has for several Years past obtained in the Town, to the very great Increase of the Population and Wealth thereof, ought to be omitted: And therefore praying the House, to grant them such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Muster Rolls of all the Vessels which sailed from the Port of Liverpool’, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1789, both inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Muster Rolls of all the Vessels which sailed from the Port of Bristol, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1789, both inclusive.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Tuesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and certain Lords of Manors lying below, or to the South East of Greenfield , in the County of Flint,on the South Side of the said River Dee, and other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons, and the old Common Salt Marshes, lying on the South Side of the said River, and below, or to the South East of Greenfield Gate aforesaid, and an Award made in Consequence thereof, and for erecting Part of the said Company’s Lands into a separate Township: And that Sir and Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

Alerter A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the and Evesham

Turnpike Road, at the End of Wixford Lane, in the County of Warwick, to Chipping and from Vol.

thence to Upton Old Lane, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon^ at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Joshua Smith reported from the Committee, to Chippenham whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and laying in Inciosure Bill Severalty the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, reporte and Commonable Lands, within the Township of Chippenham, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined; and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Ouce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported from Birmingham the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, lon e of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-building the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto, and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relative to Bills for erecting Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered if in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Wilkes Unett being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and erected a Turnpike pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, and have borrowed and expended the Sum of £. 3,000, which was the whole Sum they were authorized to take up at Interest upon Mortgage of the Tolls granted thereby, and they have also incurred a further Debt to the Amount of £.1,300. — That the Tolls authorized to be collected at the said Turnpike have produced little more than One Half of what was expected, and it will be necessary to borrow a further Sum (besides what will be sufficient to discharge the said Debt) in order to complete the Works intended by the said Act.

And the Witness added, That the Produce of the said Tolls, which were granted for the Term of Four Years, together with the Rate authorized to be made in Aid thereof, will fall very short of the whole Expence that will attend the completing the said Works.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render effectual, an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for re-building

4 R the

the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of JS/r- Sharp, and Richard Jennpr, was delivered in at the mingham,called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, by a late Re-

Avenues thereto; and for widening and varying the solution of a Select Committee of this House, ap-C’ourse of the said River near the said Bridge, and pointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Sir John making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent Honyztood, Baronet, and Curtis, Esquire, com-

the lower Part of the said Town from being Oyer- plaining of an undue Election and Return for the flowed: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuck- Bqrough of in the County of Sussex, and

burgh and Sir Robert Lazvkydo prepare, arid bring in, which, on tire 7th Day of March 1791, was by them the same. reported to the House, the Right of Election of

Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough Brighthelm- Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to is declared to be in the " Inhabitants of Ancient

stou Roads whom the Bill for enlarging the Term arid Powers of Bill reported. an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His

Eresent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads lading from Brighthelmston to The County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read thp Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from ed'and ex-1'" ^,e Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at ported, pie- die Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented »cnt'cd. to the House, pursuant to their Carder,

An Account of the Quantities of Rum imported into, and exported out of Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1.79.0 to the 5th of January 1,791, with the Amount of Duties paid thereon, together with the Drawbacks paid on Exportation.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Account is preserved amongst foe, other Papers of this Session.

Accounts of The House being informed that Mr. Harmood, ^r Liind"1611 ^rotn Office of foe Paymaster General of His Mayoress; and jesty’s Forces, attended at the Door; he was called Army Extras; in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant presented. to their Order,

An Account, shewing the Amount of foe Sums granted by Parliament for the Service of Ilia Majesty’s Land Forces, in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790, respectively: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Extraordinary Expences incurred and paid for the Service of the Army, in the Years 178b, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790, respectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members, of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of foe Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Petition re- A Petition of James Martin Esquire, John

RUn'of1'1* Butcher, Thomas Sone, Elgar, William

Election for Thomas Neuman, Charles Groome, Thomas >

Steyning. mund Streeter, John Batchelor, Richard Kemp, William

9

" Houses and Houses built on the Scites of Ancient " Houses, within the Borough of Stcyning, being " Householders paying Scotland Lot, and not repeiving Alms;" and that the Petitioners are not satisfied with the said Resolution, and are desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose the said Right of Election, and to have the Benefit erf the Statute in that Behalf made and provided: And therefore praying the House to take foe Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That foe said Petition he taken into Consideration upon Wednesday, the 4th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Tim® appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted by the Order of Mr.

Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Steyning, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of tb«

Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Sugar Duty Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Bill reported, for granting to IBs Majesty an. additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of foe Day being read, for foe Committee House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on Bank Di-House, upon foe Bill for applying to the Public Ser- w cn 1 vice the Sum of £.500,000, out of foe Balance re-manning in the Bank of England from Sums issued for tire Payment of Dividends, on Account of the National Debt, and for securing foe punctual Payment of uny Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed^ That Mr. Speaker do now leave foe Chair;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The

31 Geo. III. 22° — 23° Marti!.

339

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

fMr. Steele, 1

.Mr. Cawthorne: Sir James St. Clair Erskine,

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor:

155.

54-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive tire same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23° die;

Anno 31* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1791.

Pa AY EKS.

RoyalAmat \ MESSAGE by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gen-t» Bills. JLX. tleman U slier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring llis Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of tills Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Xlr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized, by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of H ales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness "the Duke oi Clarence, llis Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the

O , '

Lord Grenville, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followed);

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quartets:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on shore:

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to llis Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-one:"

An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Sale or Mortgage of Annuities, pursuant to an Act made Vol. ‘Ui.

in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the East India " Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and " by increasing their Capital Stock

An Act for altering and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for removing any " Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners " for the Affairs of India to direct that the Expence of " raising, transporting, and maintaining, such Troops " as may be judged necessary for the Security of " the British Territories and Possessions in The East " Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues " arising from the said Territories and Possessions; " and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues, in the Manner therein mentioned," as relates to such Directions as shall be given or approved by the said Commissioners, with respect to the Payment of certain Proportions of His Majesty’s Forces in India, and of the European Forces of the East India Company, therein specified:

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between tire Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce, carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States:

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnity Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give forther Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose:

An Act for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in the County of , to , in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating

therewith; and for die more effectually repairing the said Roads, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals, and new Bridge of Glasgow,to the Chapel of Cam-buslang, in the said County of Lanark, and Branches thereof, and for making and repairing the Road from the said Chapel of Cambuslang,till it joins the High Road leading from Hamilton, by Burnbank, towards Eaglesham, in the county of:

An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in die Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Mount fort to

Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, and die last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in die County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Hid,

and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in die County of Huntingdon; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, at or near the- Ferry House, in the Parish of

to

340 23° Martil A. 17.91.

to and through Little Barford, Eyiiesbury, and Saint Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Stourbridg*

Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall the Petition of the principal Owners and Occupiers of Police Peu* Lane, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Houses, Tenements, or Buildings, situate within the UonrePortwlt Eaton Soken to the said Turnpike Road near Saint Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Old Swinford,

Neots Bridge: in the County of , was referred; That the

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering arid Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth tion, and had directed him to report the same, as It Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report Roads in the County of Cardigan, and for repairing in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

other Roads in the said County: Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two followeth; viz.

Acts, of the Seventeenth Year of his late Majesty, and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing William Wheeler, Esquire, being examined, said, That and widening the Road leading from a Place called the several Streets, and other Public Passages and

Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the Places, within the Township of Stourbridge, are not

County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great properly lighted, cleansed, and watched, and are sub*

Chesterford, in the said County: ject to various Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoy-.

An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will ances — That it would be of great Benefit and Con* of the Honourable Elizabeth Byng, deceased, in the venience to the Inhabitants of the said Township, and County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for to all Persons resorting to and travelling through the investing the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the same, if the Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses said Township, were properly lighted, cleansed, and to which the Estates so to be sold are subject: watched, and kept free from Obstructions, Nuisances,

An Act to enable Trustees to cut down and sell and Annoyances.

Timber upon the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Brand, Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising for lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets, therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Heredita- Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within uients, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Old other Purposes therein mentioned: Swinford, in the County of Worcester, and for remov-

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Parslow, ing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and An- Esquire, with Elizabeth Hall, his now Wife, and to noyances therein: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Amenable him to marry again, and for other Purposes wa Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same, therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common A Petition of the Merchants, principal Inhabitants, Petition re. Fields, Meadows, Ings, Pastures, and other Common- and Traders, of the Borough and Port of Lyme Regis, spectingih# able Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Ix>rdship in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, Com]f'^ or Liberty of Kellington, in the West Riding of the and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for regulating lion County of York: the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and mon Fields, Common Ings, Stinted Pasture, Common of the Bounty on Bi’itish Com exported; and Setting and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Tadcaster, forth, That, by the said Bill, certain Ports are selected in the County of York, and County of the City of as Lock-up Ports for depositing such Foreign Com York: as may chance to arrive after the Ports are shut up,

An Act for naturalizing Luke Foreman, Esquire: with as little Loss to the Importer as may be, and the

An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Albert Martinius Ports of Poole and Exeter are selected for the above and James La Fontaine: Purpose, but no Provision appears by the Bill for the

An Act for naturalizing Peter Godejjfroy, Johanna Importers of Foreign Corn at Lyme Regis, or at Brid-CatherineGodeJ'roy, his Wife, and John Thornton: port, a. Haven within and subordinate to the Port of

An Act for naturalizing Jacob Krohn.Lyme, so that no Benefit whatever can arise to either

Place as the Bill now stands, as the Trouble and Ex-St. Pancras An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, pence of sending to Poole or Exeter for Com will far

a'sed6 mat^e 'n the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present exceed any Advantage that can accrue from it: And

ya:SC Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting, therefore praying, That the Port of Lyme may be incleansing, watering, and watching the Streets, and eluded in the Number of Lock-up Ports, for the folother Public Places, within such Part of the Parish lowing amongst many other Reasons; That the„

" of SaintPancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies Custom House has been immemorially there, so that " on the West Side of Tottenham Court Road, and for few, if any, additional Officers will be required, of " preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and course the Revenue benefited, and there are Warefor obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said houses commodious and adequate to the Purposes of " Road to pave, repair, and cleanse such Part of the depositing any Quantity of Corn which may be itnsaid Road as is therein described," was read the ported, and it is the only Port or Place between Wey-Third Time. mouth and Exeter where Vessels even of very small

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Tonnage can enter, except at Spring Tides, whereas be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Vessels of Two hundred Tons Burthen may enter and Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be sheltered there at all Times, that the Corn imported intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, there for many Years past has far exceeded the Quari-‘‘ watering, and watching the Streets, and other tity imported at Bridport, and, where One Quarter has " Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of been wanted Eastward, Ten at least have been conSaint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on sumed Westw ard of the said Port, it being notorious " the West Side of Tottenham Court Road, and for pre- that the Part of Dorsetshire East of Bridport is a Corn " venting Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and for Country, whereas the Lands in the Western Parts afe " obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said Road best adapted for Grazing and Dairy Farms, and are " to pave, repair, and cleanse such Part of the said generally appropriated to those Purposes.

<( Road as is therein described." A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council Petition from

Ordered, That Mr. Alaimvaring do carry the Bill to of the Burgh of Greenock, was also presented to the Greenock re-the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said *P*fttn* D*

Bill; BllU

Bill; and Setting forth, That as Oatmeal constitutes a principal Part of the Food of the Poor, the Labourer, and those employed in the Fisheries, Grccnnck is much interested in the Bill: And therefore praying to be allowed to be heard, by Counsel, upon the Report already made in the Bill, and in the different Stages thereof.

Petition re- A Petition of the Merchants of Importers

Com Re'u* Gorn, Grain, and Flour, from Foreign Parts, whose IfttknBUL Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That in order to promote and extend the Commerce of the Merchants of this Kingdom in Foreign Corn, and to provide Stores which may be always ready for the Relief of His Majesty’s Subjects in Times of Dearth, it has been hitherto provided, that the same, upon due Entry thereof at any Port that shall be approved by His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, may be forthwith landed in the Presence of the proper Officers of the Customs without Payment of any Duty whatever, and lodged in proper Warehouses, under the joint Locks of the King and the Importer; and that the Liberty of so Warehousing such Com has been found absolutely necessary towards procuring a sufficient Supply of Foreign Grain in Time of Dearth, the short Space of Three Months, to which the Time of Importation at the Low Duties is restrained, being (without such Provision) utterly insufficient for sending out Orders and getting into Port a Quantity of Corn from such Foreign Parts as are most to be depended on for a certain and sufficient Supply, and, without such provisional Liberty, the Hazard to the Importer would be so enhanced as to deter every prudent Merchant from making an Experiment which might be attended with certain Ruin to the most Opulent and Wary: And therefore praying, That the House will make such Provision, in the Bill now under their Consideration, as they shall deem a sufficient Security against the otherw ise impending Danger.

Ditto. A Petition of the Incorporation of Skinners in Glasgow, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting foith, That several Clauses of the said Bill would, if passed into a Law, be highly injurious to the rising Progress of Manufactures, as also to the Commercial Interest and Fisheries of Scotland, and would greatly tend to distress the industrious Part of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to alter or amend the said Bill, so as to place the Petitioners on the same Footing with their Fellow Subjects in England, agreeable to the Articles of Union, and every other subsequent Circumstance.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Bromyard Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac-Roads Bill cording to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing presented. several Roads leading from the Town of in

the County of Hereford, and other Roads adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ellenfoot An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Harbour Bill Powers of Two Acts, made, one in the Twenty-passed. second, and the other in the Twenty-ninth, Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made, one in the Twenty-second, and the other in the Twenty-ninth, Year of the Reign of King

Vo l. 4b.

George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Mary Port, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. James Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lards, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom Dunsfordand the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Cherrybrook put in Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Twelfth Petl' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair- Uo*' r«p°"ed. ing and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dun in the County of Devon, to Cheriybrooke, in the Forest of Dartmoor,

in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Parr being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed £.2,000 upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the Act is enlarged, and further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend an Act, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dunsford, in the County of Devon, to Cherrybrook in the Forest of Dartmoorc, in the said County: And that Mr. Bastard and Mr. Philips do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, on Watford’s upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Divorce Act to dissolve the Marriage of John the

Younger, with Sophia Elizabeth Jeanes, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill: and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Darly Moor the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Road Peti-thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in tio" rePorted-Execution an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to EUaston, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

4 S and

23° Ala

A. 17

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: by the Committee to report to the House, that Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Siret, having been duly summoned to attend as a To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Witness before them, had disobeyed such Summons, stud Act was read: And, and therefore that the said Select Committee had,

A Member present informed your Committee, That according to the Power given them by an Act, passed a considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present said Roads, and a large Sum of Money hath been Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation borrowed on the- Credit of the said Act, which cannot " of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns

be repaid, nor the said Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, the Tolls varied, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mom', in

the County of Derby, to Ellaston, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and

" of Members to serve in Parliament," ordered the said John Siret to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in whose Custody he now is.

Ordered, That the said John Siret do, for his said Offence, stand committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Colonel Phipps, from the Select Committee, who Exeter Stafford: And that Mr. Gilbert and Sir Edward Little- were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Election ton do prepare, and bring in, the same. Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are determined.

thereunder written, being Freemen and Electors of the Tarvin Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to City of Exeter, complaining of an undue Election and

Inclosure Bill Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Return for the said City, informed the House, That the presente nnmmnBc and Waite I anrla within tKp Parish nf T/ntni« said Select Committee have determined,

That John Baring, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Exeter:

Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Macclesfield Roald Peti-

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and , __________

tion reported. others, residing in and near the Towns of Macclesfield are thereunder written, being Freemen and Electors of and Nether Knutsford, in the County of Chester, was the City of Exeter, did not appear to the said Select referred; That the Committee had examined, and Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been

complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said John Baring, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Petition of Thomas Smith was presented to the Smith’s Peti-

passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, tiontobedis- Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from having had the Misfortune to incur the Censure of ^a[®*dr[tn the Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the County of the Select Committee appointed for trying and deter- u^nprl3<m' Chester, over the Long Moss, and Monks Heath, to the mining the Merits of a Petition, complaining of an Turnpike Road in Nether Tabley, in the said County, undue Election and Return for the City of Exeter, i3 and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road, now under Confinement in His Majesty’s Gaol of was read: Ana, Newgate, by Order of this House, for prevaricating

Mr. Thomas Wright being examined, said, That the in his Evidence given before the said Select Corn-Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Act rnittee; and that the Petitioner is concerned in a con-have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit siderable Business or Manufacture in which Journeymen of the said Act, great Part of which now remains due, or Servants are employed, that require the constant

Attention and Inspection of the Petitioner for the carrying on such Business in the Manner in which it ought to be done, and that the same cannot be neglected without very great Detriment and Loss to the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner begs Leave also, with all Humility, to represent to the House, that he hopes,

which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Witness added, That it will b^ necessary to alter the Tolls granted by the stud Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for as the House have thought proper to order a further enlarging the Term and Powers' of an Act, passed in Prosecution to be carried on against him, they will, on the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, his thus expressing his Sorrow for having incurred their for repairing and widening the Road from Broken Cross, Displeasure by his Prevarication in giving his Evidence, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, over the Long and the utmost Contrition for his said Offence, order Moss and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in him to be discharged from his present Imprisonment, in Nether Tabley, in the said County, and for turning and such Manner as they shall think fit. exchanging Part of the said Road: And that Mr. Crewe Ordered, That the said Thomas Smith be brought to and Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do prepare, and bring the Bar of this House upon Friday Morning next, in

Report

of a Witness

disobeying

Summons

of Exeter

Election

Committee.

in, the same.

Colonel Phipps reported from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, being Freemen and Electors of the City of Exeter, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City; That he was directed

order to his being discharged; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, OuzeXaviga-to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, tion Petition and others, interested in the Navigation of the River r*P°rted-Ouze from Newhaven to Lewes Bridge, and of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying in the Lewes - and

23° Mar til.

343

and Laughton Levels, in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation and Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Jessop (an Engineer) being examined, said, That the River Ouze, from to Bridge, is at present only navigable for small Vessels, and at certain Times of the Tide; but that by widening, deepening, embanking, and rendering straight, by divers new Cuts, the Current of the said River, the same may be made navigable more constantly, and for Vessels of a larger Burthen, whereby the Trade and Commerce upon the said River will be considerably increased; and the Drainage of the Lands adjoining, which is at present imperfect, will, by Means of such Embankments and other Improvements, be materially assisted and improved, and the Public in general greatly benefited.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze between Neuhaven Bridge and Laces Bridge, in the County of Sussex; and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Laces and Laughton Levels, in the said County: And that Mr. llamas Pelham and Mr. Kemp do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Militia Pay Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Bill pre- Orcjer, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

tented.

Lewes Road An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term and Powers Bill passed, of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kings Bench A Petition of the Debtors confined in the King’s Debtors Pe- Bench Prison, was presented to the House, and read; tition. Stating the great Number of Persons confined for Debt in the different Prisons of this Kingdom; and praying the House to enter upon the Investigation of the State of the Prisons, and to make such Provision, by a standing Law, for the Relief of Prisoners for Debt, for Creditors, and for the Public Security, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sugar Duty An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty an Bill passed, additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 46.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Brighthelm-of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign ofston Roads His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the 'BlJI Pa5i‘‘,1> Roads leading from Brighthelmston to The County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Brighthelmston to The County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of imposing Duties upon the Importation of Com, Meal, Duties on 8 and Hour from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, Importation or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, or from any other Foreign Country.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Ireland, &c. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Baker, from the Select Committee, who were Haddington, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Jedburgh, Petition of William Fullarton, of Fullarton, Esquire, ^c- EJyctwn complaining of an undue Election and Return for the determm*<l* District of Boroughs of Haddington, Jedburgh, Dunbar, .

North Berwick, and Lauder, in Scotland, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Thomas Maitland is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Haddington,

Jedburgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, and Lauder, in Scotland:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said William Fullarton, of Fullarton, Esquire, did appear to the said Select Committee to be frivotous and vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Honourable Thomas Maitland to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

The, House, according to Order, resolved itself Com Regula-into a Committee of the whole House, to consider tj®n far* further of the Bill for regulating the Importation and ^edwe-Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on ported; and Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British again re-Com exported. committed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which, they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bramston accordingly reported from the said

Committee,

Quebec Bill reported.

Counsel

heard.

Several Persons to attend Committee on Slave Trade.

Supply deferred.

344 23° — 24

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; .

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resotoed, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 4th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act for making more effectual Provision for " the Government of the Province of Quebec, in " North America" and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for the Petition of James Alexander Ellice, John Inglis, Robert Hunter, John Brickwood, and George Dyer, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Merchants trading to, and interested in the Trade and Commerce of the Province of,

were called in.

And Mr. Lymburner, Agent for the Subscribers to the Petitions from the Province of Quebec, bearing Date the 24th of November 1784, was also called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the said Petition of James Phyn, Alexander Ellice, John Inglis, Robert Hunter, John Brickwood, and George Dyer, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Merchants trading to, and interested in the Trade and Commerce of, the Province of Quebec; and also, the Petition of the said Adam Lymburner, were also read.

And One of the Counsel for the first mentioned Petition was heard, and examined a Witness in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition.

And the other of the said Counsel was heard to observe upon the Evidence.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

Then the said Mr. Lymburner was heard in Support of his Petition.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. James Kieman do attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That Henry Botham, Esquire, do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That John Clapham, Esquire, do also attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Robert Crew, Esquire, do also attend the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Marta. 1791.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 24* die Martii;

Anno 310 Georgii III. U Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Sir James Johnstone, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs in Scotland, of Dumfries, Kirkcudbright, Annan, Lochmabon, and Sanquhar, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Lord North reported from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Richard Beckford, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; That the said Committee met this Morning at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of Yesterday, when the Chairman received an Account from Lord William Russell (one of the Members of the said Committee) that, having received a Hurt by his Horse falling with him, he was confined to his House, and unable to attend his Duty on the said Committee this Day; and that the said Select Committee then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the House being informed that Mr. Earl, Surgeon, attended at the Door, who could give the House Information respecting the Accident alluded to; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Lord William Russell be excused for his Non-attendance this Day on the said Select Committee; and that he have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Ninety-five Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs in Scotland, of Dumfries, Kirkcudbright, Annan, Lochmabon, and Sanquhar, into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ways and Means deferred*

Proceedings on Dumfries, Kircudbright, &cc. Election Petition.

Report from Leominster Election Committee! respecting the Absence of Lord William Russell.

Consideration of Dumfries, Kircudbright, &c. Election Petition deferred.

1

25° Ma

345

Veneris, 25# efre Martii; Anno 31° Georgii III. U Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

Dumfries, rTsH E Hour appointed for taking into Consideration h'rK€WA - Petition of Sir James Baronet,

Election complaining of an undue Election and Return for Petition the District of Boroughs in Scotland, of considered. Kirkcudbright, Annan, and Sanquhar, being

come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The "Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty-two Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared; put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Thirty-seven Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Lewis Alexander Grant, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said . Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

And the Names of Six other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Six other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Forty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Seven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Five against whose Election Petitions were depending; Two as then serving on Select Committees; and Thirty-three on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel: and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Watford's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Divorce Bill dissolve the Marriage of IVthe Y ounger,

p with Sophia Elizabeth his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the , Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

to the same, without any Amendment.

Petition from A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord a ^iuletKin"’ Craven, was presented to the House, and read; Taking ton and Leo- Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a ninntsr Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Canal Bill. Hertford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Severn near Stourport Bridge, in the County of cester; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Vor.. 46.

Owner of an extensive Colliery on the Clee Hills, in the County of Salop, which supplies great Part of the Country through 'which the said Canal is intended to pass; and that there are several Clauses in the said Bill which give an undue Preference to other Collieries more distant from the Places of Sale, to the Detriment of the Petitioner’s Colliery, and there are other Parts of the said Bill which, in its present Form, would materially affect and-injure the Petitioner's Interests: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as he shall be advised.

A Petition of Thomas Botfeld, of in the Petition from

County of Salop,was also presented to the House agdnstkingl

and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bui; and ton and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Tenant to Lord Leominster Craven of an extensive Colliery on the Clee Hills, in the Canal County of Salop, which Colliery supplies great Part of the Country through which the said Canal is intended to pass; and that there are several Clauses in the said Bill which give an undue Preference to other Collieries more distant from the Places of Sale, to the Detriment of the Petitioner’s Colliery, and there are other Parts of the said Bill which, in its present Form, would materially affect and injure the Petitioner’s Interests: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel or ’

Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as he shall be advised.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the stud Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and another ’ others, paying to the Relief of the Poor, within the Pa- places, to be rish of Baschurch, in the County of Salop, and the seve- included in

ral Chapelries or Districts of Hadna and Little Ness, in the said County, was presented to the House, and pmpjn* read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application is making to Parliament for a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the several Parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, and Horsley, in the said County of Salop; and that the Poor of the said Parish of Baschurch, and the several Districts of Hadnal and Little Ness, are very numerous, and maintained at a great Expence by the Persons paying the Poors Rates, and if Provision was made in the said Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish of Baschurch, and the said several Districts of Hadnal and Little Ness, it would be a Means of lessening the Expence of their Support, and the Poor themselves would be more comfortably maintained: And therefore praying,

That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, paying to the Relief of the Poor, within the several Parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, and Horsley, in the County of Salop, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

4T Mr.

Osweetry, &c. Poor Bill reported.

King’s Lynn (East Gate) Koads Bill reported.

King’s Lynn (South Gate) Hoads Bill reported.

Thames and Severn Caual Company’s Bill committed.

25" Mam. A. 1791.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for the better Relief, and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Town of and to certain Parishes within the Hundred of Oswestry, in the County of Sand to such Part of the Parish of Llanymynechas lies within the said Hundred, and to the Parish of Chirk, in the County of j tfenbigh, and to the Parish of in the Coun-

ties of Salop and Denbigh, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to Report to the House; and he read the Report in ^is Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the; Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wcie Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that the Burial Ground shall not be used till consecrated,

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for continuing an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of and Grim-

stone, and to the Gate next on Congham

Common, and to the North End of Lane, in

the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John IVodehouse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads from the South Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of East IValton, Nurborough, Stoke , and Dozciiham Market, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to borrow a fur*

ther Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. I.oveden,r &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Burgesses and principal Inhabi- Bewdiey tants of the Borough of Beivdley, in the County of Petition in Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was favour ot presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Dogs*.<m That the Petitioners, being sensibly affected with the Evils produced by the excessive Number of Dogs kept by all Orders of Persons, submit to the House, that, to impose a Tax on Dogs, for the Relief of the Poor, in Aid of Parish Rates, would be of great Public Utility:

And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Manchester Canal from Manchester to or near Presto-lee Bridge, in <Jalml Bl1* the Township of Little Lever, and from thence by com,nltte One Branch, to or near the Town of Bolton, and by another Branch to or near the Town of Bury, all in the County Palatine’ of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. burne, Mr. Peele, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to St. Alban and Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Soulh 'V11116 the Powers, of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways through the several P Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter,

Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing that Part of The Westwitter-Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in and the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of I Vest- ii^iosure Bill wittering, in the same County, commonly called or committed, known by the Name of Westwittering Common; and also a certain Open Waste or Common, called Cackham Green, in the same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker, Mr. Blackbume, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing that Part of The Birdbam In-Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in the committed. County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Bird-ham, in the same County, commonly called or known by the Name of Birdham Common, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker', Mr. Blackbume, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Dame Jane Trafford,

Widow and Relict of Sir Clement Trafford, Knight, ‘

deceased, to take and use the Surname of Southwell, pursuant to the Will of Edward Southwell, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Dame Jane Trafford, Widow 8 and

y'M

'U!L:,r

'taf El tyr;eil

i Lrioj

‘r4$

r?|

Ileanor and Codiioi In-c Insure 1 > 111 committed.

Shepton Mallet Hoads and Paving Bill commuted.

Milford and Stainton Hoad Bill reported.

Livingstone and Glasgow Roads Petition reported.

and Relict of Sir Clement Trafford, Knight, deceased, to take and use the Surname of pursuant to the

W ill of Edu ard Southwell, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Aunt rut her do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence’.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Hcauor and Codnor, in the Parish of Ileanor, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord George Cavendish, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing the Road from a Place calk'd Long Cross Bottom, to the Bruton Turnpike Road near Bateombe Church, in the said County, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lancs, and other public Passages, within the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Phe-lips, Mr. Grey, Sc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Owen reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for opening a new Road from Milford, in the County of Pembroke, to Stainton, and for amending and widening the Road from the said new Road, through Stainton and Johnson, to Merlins Bridge, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-upon, were agreed to by the Hoiwe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir James SteuartDenham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Heritors of the Counties of Lanerkand Linlithgow, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees for repairing the Roads from Livingstone by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Struthaven, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Coniines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate,to the Town of aven, pursuant to Two certain Acts of Parliament, one made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also of the Trustees for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, in so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Airdrie, towards the City of Glasgow, through the Village of Shuttlestoun, till it falls into the Great Road from Muriehallto the said City, by virtue of certain Acts of Parliament made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of his said late Majesty George the Second, and the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also of the Trustees Vol. 46.

for repairing the District of Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, in so far as relates to that Branch of Road from the said Great Road, by Dry gate and to

Carntyne, as also of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

1o prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said several Acts were read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Trustees under the said several Acts have borrowed large Sums of Money, which have been expended in carrying the Trusts thereof into Execution — That a considerable Sum of Money still remains due from the Trustees of the said several Roads, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the several Terms and Powers respectively granted by the said several Acts be further extended and enlarged — That the Road leading from Long Livingston to the Town of Bathgate, in the County of Linlithgow, and also the Road from New Inn to the Town of Airdrie aforesaid, and also the Hoad from Hamilton, by Bothwell Bridge, till it joins the Great Road at Ga and also the Road leading from Bothwell Bridge, by to its Junc-

tion with the Great Road at Bellshill, and also the Road leading from the Great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow, by Thieves Foord or Boglehole Foord, and joining the -High Road betwixt Hamilton and Ru-therglen (and which is materially connected with the said Great Road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow) are very much out of Repair, and very inconvenient to Travellers passing thereon; and that in order to render the said last mentioned Road complete, it will be necessary that a Bridge should be built over the said River Clyde, at or near the said Foord called Thieves Foord, at a Place a little below and that the repairing the said several Roads, and building the said Bridge, will be of great Benefit to the Country, and very much facilitate the Intercourse of the Inhabitants, and other Persons travelling the said Roads.

That he apprehends it will tend very much to the Improvement of the said several Roads, and the Benefit of the several Trusts, if the same were consolidated into One Trust, and put under the Management and Regulation of the same Trustees; but that the said Roads cannot be repaired, nor the said Bridge built, without some further Tolls and Powers are given and granted to the said Trustees.

And the Witness further informed your Committee, That the opening of a Street, and making a Communication from the above mentioned Branch of Road from Carntyne, by Whitehill and Drygate Bridge, to the High Street in the City of Glasgow, and also another Street, from the West Side of the said High Street, to run in a straight Line till it joins Duke Street, in the said City, would tend greatly to the beautifying of the said City, and to the Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants thereof, and of the neighbouring Parts of the Country to the Eastward.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, made for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Strathaven, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate, to the

Town

25° Martii. A. 1791.

Town of Sfnfthavek; and for repairing the several Hoads leading into the City of so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Airdrie towards the City of Glasgow, through the Village of Shettlestone,till it falls into the Great Road from Murieh uillto the said City, and for repairing the Road from the said Great Hoad, by Dry gat e and Whitchill,to Carntyne, and for repairing and widening several other Iloads adjoining to the said Roads, and for building a Bridge*over the River at or

near Tli eves ford, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgow: And that Sir James Steuart Denham and Mr. John Hope do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Parkes's, &c. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

13iH com- k*r establishing and confirming an Agreement made

mitted. between William Parkes and Thomas Read, and Mary his Wife, and the Right honourable George Earl Brooke of Warwick Castle and Earl of JVarxcick, for the Exchange of certain Lands in the County of and in the Borough of , in the said County,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , the l^ord Arden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Montrose Mr. David Scott reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River por South Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the Borough of Brechin; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates adjoining to or near the River South Esk, in the County of and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Tenants for certain Terms of Years of Lands adjoining to or near the River South Esk, in the County of Forfar’, and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Neighbourhood of the Borough of Brechin, or Inhabitants thereof; and also, the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Subscribers of certain Sums as free Gifts towards building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at or near the Borough of Montrose, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Houses and he read the Rej>ort in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Dumfries, returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the ^-r^ctu<^c said Committee delivered in to the House One of the Election C said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel Commute* in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names appointed, of tire Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Lewis Alexander Grant, Esquire, and John Anstruther, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is ad follows:

James Amyatt, Esquire, Sir John Wodehouse, Baronet,

Rowland Burdon, Esquire, Joseph Holden Strutt, Esquire,

William Pochin, Esquire, James, Lowther, Esquire,

Clement Tudway, Esquire, John Clevland, Esquire, the Earl of Qarysfort, the Honourable Charles Carpenter,

John Calvert, Junior, Esquire, William Crosbie, Esquire,

Lord George Thyme, Lewis Alexander Grant, Esquire,

John Anstruther, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being thfe Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir James Johnstone, Baronet, were Sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel find Agents withdrew’.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to Dunsfordand Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, of the Cherrybrook Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter presen ‘ Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of in

the County of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in the Forest of Dartmoore, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge at or near Selby Bridg* the Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West passed. Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Thomas Smith was, according to Order, brought to Smith repri-the Bar; where he received a Reprimand from Mr. "andedand Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out ofdwc ge ' Custody, paying his Fees.

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Turner’s A Bill for vesting in James , his Executors,

Bill com- Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Proper-imtted. ty of a certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain, called England, the Dominion of I Vales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ferguson, Mr. Pulteney, &e.: And they are to meet this

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of imposing Duties upon the Importation of Corn, Meal, and Flour, from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, or from any other Foreign Country, be now received.

Mr. Bramston accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That,

Report Resolutions lor imposing Duties on Importation of Com, Meal, and Flour, from Ireland,

That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be under Forty-six Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat, imported from Ireland', or the Province of , or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Twenty-four Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall lie at, or above, Forty-six Shillings, but under Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Tw o Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be under Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Twenty-four Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tills Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, but under Fifty Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, wheuever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Fifty Shillings Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be under Forty-six Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight ot Wheat-meal or Flour, imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Six Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Forty-six Shillings per Quarter, but under Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat-meal or Flour, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat-meal or Flour, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be under Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat-meal or Flour, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Six Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above. Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, but under Fifty Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat-meal or Flour, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Fifty Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat-meal or Flour, imported from any other Foreign Countries, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Vol. 46.

That, w henever the Price 6( Middling British Rye shall be under Thirty Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Rye, imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Twenty-two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Rye shall be at, or above, Thirty Shillings per Quarter, but under Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Rye, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Rye shall be at, or above, Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Rye, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Rye shall be under Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Rve, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Twenty-two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Rye shall be at, or above, Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, but under Thirty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Rye, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Rye shall he at, or above, Thirty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Rye, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley shall be under Twenty-three Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Barley, imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Twenty-two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley shall be at, or above, Twenty-three Shillings per Quarter, but under Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Barley, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley shall be at, or above, Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Barley, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, wheuever the Price of Middling British Barley shall be under Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Barley, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Twenty-two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley shall be at, or above, Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, but under Twenty-five Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Barley, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley shall be at, or above. Twenty-five Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Barley, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Three Pence.

l 4 U Resolved,

S60 25° Marta, A. 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Beer or That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley Bigg, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty shall be under Twenty-three Shillings per Quarter, of Three Pence.

there be laid epon every Quarter of Indian Corn or Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Maize, imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Pease or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North shall be under Thirty Shillings per Quarter, there be America, a Duty of Eleven Shillings. laid upon every Quarter of Pease, imported from

Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee, land, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of shall be ait, or above, Twenty-three Shillings per Quar- Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, ter, but under Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, there Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be laid upon every Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Pease imported from the said Countries, a Duty of One shall be at, or above, Thirty Shillings per Quarter, Skilling. but under Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, there be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, laid upon every Quarter of Pease, imported from That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling and Six shall be at, or above, Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, Pence.

there be laid upon every Quarter of Indian Corn or Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Maize, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of One That, whenever the Price ot Middling British Pease Penny. shall be at, or above. Thirty-two ShiUiDgs per Quar-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Pease, im-That, whenever die Price of Middling British Barley ported from the said Countries, a Duty of Three shall be under Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, there Pence.

be laid upon every Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of That, whenever the Price of Middling British Pease Eleven Shillings. shall be under Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, there

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, he laid upon every Quarter of Pease, imported from That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Eighteen Shillings shall be at, or above, Twenty-four Shillings per Quar- and Four Pence.

ter, hut under Twenty-five Shillings per Quarter, there be Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, laid upon every Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Pease imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of One shall be at, or above, Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, Shilling. but under Thirty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, laid upon every Quarter of Pease, imported from any That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley other Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling and Six shall be at, or above, Twenty-five Shillings per Quarter, Pence.

there be laid upon every Quarter of Indian Corn or Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Maize, imported from any other Foreign Country, a That, whenever the Price of Middling British Pease Duty of Three Pence. shall be at, or above, Thirty-four Shillings per Quarter,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, there he laid upon every Quarter of Pease, imported That, whenever the Price of Middling British Beer from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Three or Bigg shall be under Twenty-three Shillings per Pence.

Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Beer Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, or Bigg, imported from Ireland, or the Province That, whenever the Price of Middling British Beans of Quebec, at the other British Colonies or Planta- shall be under Thirty Shillings per Quarter, there be tions in North America, a Duty of Twenty-two laid upon every Quarter of Beans, imported from Ireland, Shillings. or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Twenty-two That, whenever the Price of Middling British Beer or Shillings.

Bigg shall be at, or above, Twenty-three Shillings per Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Quarter, but under Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Beans there be laid upon every Quarter of Beer or Bigg, im- shall he at, or above, Thirty Shillings Quarter, but ported from the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling under Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, there be laid

and Three Pence. upon every Quarter of Beans, imported from the said

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Countries, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

That, whenever the Price of Middling British Beer or Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee Bigg shall be at, or above, Twenty-four Shillings per That, whenever the Price of Middling British Beans Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Beer or shall be at, or above, Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, Bigg, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of there be laid upojn every Quarter of Beans, imported

Three Pence. from the said Countries, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Beer or That, whenever the Price of Middling British Beans Bigg shall be under Twenty-four Shillings-per Quarter, shall be under Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, there there be laid upon every Quarter of Beer or Bigg, be laid upon every Quarter of Beans, import6d from , imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Twenty-two Twenty-two Shillings. Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Beer or That, whenever the Price of Middling British Beani Bigg shall be at, or above, Twenty-four Shillings per shall beat, or above, Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, Quarter, but under Twenty-five Shillings per Quarter, but under Thirty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be there be laid upon every Quarter of Beer or Bigg, ini- laid upon every Quarter of Beans, imported from any ported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of One other Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling and Shilling and Three Pence. Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Beer or That, whenever the Price of Middling British Beam Bigg shall be at, or above, Twenty-five Shillings per shall be at, or above. Thirty-four Shillings per Quarter,

9 there

there be laid upon every Quarter of Beans, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be under Fifteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Oats, imported from -land, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Six Shillings and Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be at, or above, Fifteen Shillings per Quarter, but under Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Oats, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be at, or above, Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Oats, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price oSf Middling British Oats -shall be under Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Oats, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Six Shillings and Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be at, or above, Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, but under Seventeen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Oats, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resohced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be at or above Seventeen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Oats, imported from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolixd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be under Fifteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Oat-meal, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Ireland,or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be at, or above, Fifteen Shillings per Quarter, but under Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Oat-meal, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from the said Countries, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be at, or above, Sixteen Shillings pa' Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Oatmeal, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from the said Countries, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be under Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Oat-meal, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be at, or above, Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, but under Seventeen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Oat-meal, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from ny other Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling.

Vox.. 46,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be at, or above. Seventeen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Oatmeal, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence per Boll of One hundred and Twenty-eight ‘Pounds Scotch Troy, or One hundred and Forty Pounds Avoirdupois, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oatmeal, imported into Scotland from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be at, or above, Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence per such Boll, but under Fifteen Shillings per such Boll, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-meal, imported into Scotland from the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever die Price of Middling British Oatmeal, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be at, or above, Fifteen Shillings per such Boll, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oatmeal, imported into Scotland from the said Countries, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under Fifteen Shillings per such Boll, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-meal, imported into Scotland from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Eight Shillings.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be at, or above, Fifteen Shillings per such Boll, but under Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence per such Boll, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-meal, imported into Scotland from any other Foreign Country, a Duty One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal, in that Part of Great Britain called,

shall be at, or above, Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence per such Boll, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-meal, imported into Scotland from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Rye, Barley, Indian Corn or Maize, Beer or Bigg, Pea9e or Beans, ground, and Malt made of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Indian Corn or Maize, Beer or Bigg, or Oats, be prohibited to be imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny per Last be paid on all British Com, and a Duty of Two Pence per Last on all Foreign Com, imported into the Port of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under Fifteen Shillings per Boll, of One huu-dred and Twenty-eight Pounds Scotch Troy, or One hundred and Forty Pounds Avoirdupois, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-meal, imported into Scotland, a Duty of Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal, in that Part of Great Britain called shall

bt

be at, or above, Fifteen Shillings such Boll, there . be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-meal, imported into Scotland from any other Foreign Country, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal, in that Part of Great Britain called shall be at, or above. Fifteen Shillings per such Boll, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-meal, imported into Scotland from or the Province of

Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Two Pence.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, is again re-committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Siret’s Peii- A Petition of John Siret, was presented to the tion to be House, and read; Setting forth; That the Petitioner outofCus- *s now ’n Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for tody. " Non-attendance on the Committee appointed to try the Merits of the Exeter Election; and that the Petitioner is most sincerely sorry for his Misconduct in . presuming to disobey the Order of the said Committee, which arose from Ignorance, and not from Disrespect; and that the Petitioner is deeply sensible . of his Crime, and entreats the House, that he may be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Siret be immediately brought to the Bar of this House, in order to his being discharged.

Reprimand- John Siret was accordingly brought to the Bar;

andjdl8' "here he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, c »r«e and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Militia Pay _ A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Bill com- Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

muted. called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself iiito a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

House re- Resolved, 'That this House will, at the Rising of solves to ad- the House tins Day, adjourn till Monday Morning

journ toMou- next, duy.

Second Re- Mr. Matthew Montagu reported from the Select port from Committee, appointed for the Purpose of taking the Committee Examination of such Witnesses as shall be ordered by examine to t^e House to attend the Committee of the whole Witnesses re- House, to whom it is referred to consider of the -specting the can Slave Trade, and to report the Minutes of such slave trade. Examination, from Time to Time, to the House;

That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to report the Minutes of the said Examination to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

A Petition of several Persons who are Proprietors Petition from in the Public Funds of Great Britain, w'as presented to certain Pro-the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are deeply interested in die Public Funds Funds against of Great Britain, and have invested their Property the Bank in*those Funds with the most perfect Reliance on the Dividend*

Faith and Justice of Parliament, and in full Con- Bill* fidence and Persuasion that the Legislature of Great j

Britain would never, without the Consent of tire Pro- \

prietors, make any Alteration either in respect to their Securities, which consist principally in Funds specifi- j

cally appropriated to the Payment of their Annuities, or in respect to the Mode of their Payments, expressly-stipulated and delineated in the several Statutes that fix the Conditions of the Public Loans; and that the Petitioners have seen, with equal" Concern and Astonishment, a Bill brought into Parliament by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the avowed Object of which is to take back £.500,000, Part of the Sums that have been issued, by the Exchequer, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in pursuance of many Acts of Parliament, and particularly of the Consolidated Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, being Part of the Funds ap* propriated by Law to the Payment of the Public Creditors, and expressly Enacted not to be divertible to any other Use or Purpose whatever: That the Principle of the said Bill appears to the Petitioners to have a direct Tendency to destroy that Confidence which Natives and Foreigners have hitherto reposed in the Equity and Justice of Parliament, to violate Ml

the Public Faith solemnly plighted, and, by seizing on 1

Private Property, accurately described, and standing *l*lt

as such in the Books of the Bank of England, to excite Alarms and Apprehensions of the most serious and dangerous Nature: That the Petitioners wish to be beard, by Counsel, if it shall appear to them to be necessary, although it is a Case that does not depend upon nice and intricate Subtilty, or on a deep Knowledge of the technical Forms of Law, but on the Rights of British Subjects, which ought in no Case whatever to be invaded, and they petition for do more than a sacred Observance of National Contracts, containing express Stipulations, easily understood, and ratified by solemn Acts of the Supreme Legislature: Under anxious Apprehensions, not more sensibly felt on their own Account, than for the Good Faith, the Public Credit, and the Honour of the Nation, and impressed with a Sense of the Duty they owe not only to themselves, but to the Community at large, the Petitioners intreat the House to take the Premises into their most serious Consideration: And pray, That no Alteration in their Security, for the better or the,

worse, may take Place without their Consent, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Catholic vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole D'ssenters House, upon the Bill to relieve, upon Conditions and B eferred* under Restrictions, Persons called Protesting Catholic i

Dissenters, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Re- I

ligion, are by Law subject. '

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Notice to be Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, given for intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement Debfdue " with the United Company of Merchants of England to the6East " trading to The East Indies, for the Payment of the India ComSum of Four hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Pan)Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Public from " the Time the Bond Debt of the said Company was

" reduced

Bank DWi* dends Bill reported*

reduced to One Million Five hundred Thousand *‘ Pounds, until the First Day of March One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-one, in respect of the " Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately ob- tained in The East Indies; and also for securing to " the Public in respect thereof, for a Term therein " mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the " clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company; " and for granting to the said Company, for a fur- ther Term, the sole and exclusive Trade to and " from The East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; " and for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting " lire Military Forces of the said Company," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That Notice be given, That the Capital Stock, Debt, or Sum of £.4,200,000, and all Arrears of Annuity payable in respect thereof, due from the Public to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, will be redeemed and paid off, on the 31st Day of March 1794, agreeable to the Power of Redemption in the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do, on the 31st Day of March 1791, signify by Writing to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, the said Resolution of this House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons who are Proprietors in the Public Funds of Great Britain, which was this Day presented to the House, do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel against the said Bill, upon their Pe-tion, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Robert of the City of London, Merchant, Henry Thornton, of the said City, Esquire, and Philip Sansom, of the same City, Merchant, for and on Behalf of themselves, and divers others associated with them.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordavd, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to'whom the Bill for applying to the Public Service the Sum of £.500,000, out of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England from Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends, on Account of the National Debt, and for securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to import to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 28* die Martii; Anno 31* Georgii III'1* Regis, 1791. Prayers.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Proprietors of the Annuities and Dividends who shall not, before the 1st Day of June 1791, signify their Dissent to the paying into the Exchequer the £.500,000 in Books, to be opened at the Bank of England, shall be deemed to assent thereto; but that in case a Number of Proprietors shall signify their Dissent, then the Money shall not be paid.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

45-

Sir James St. Clair

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor:

Mr. Steele, 1 c

{Sir William Young

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was oft’ered to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners of the Treasury shall not direct Issues from the Exchequer to reduce the Money below £.500,000.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Vo 1. 46.

THE Lord North, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Richard Bedford, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Sawyer, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford: And also, That the said Select Committee have de-teimined,

That Richard Bedford, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Leominster: And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Richard Bedford, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Leominster:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Richard Beckford, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Electors of the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, did

4 X not

Counsel ordered on Tkird Reading of I\ank Dividends Bill.

Committee on Sierra Leona Settlement PetitioR deferred.

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Leominster Election determined.

Leominster Return to be amended.

Amended.

Birmingham Bridge Bill presented.

H&llamshire Cutlers Bill committed.

Petition from Sheffield read again and referred.

Eastwood Inclosure Bill reported.

not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said John Sawyer, Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to- be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, forthwith, with the last Return for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, and amend the same, by rasing out the Name of John Sawyer, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Richard Bedford, Esquire, instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly-

Sir George Augustus William presented to

the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, and render effectual, an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for re-building the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto; and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberties of lamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberties, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. JViiberforcc, Ac.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Shes-feld, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the Said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of East-wood, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 3 Acres; and that the whole Property of Persons having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to about 940 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report

in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, Birmingham to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- and Worces-gable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Bir- Spurted mingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined/ the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for contiauing an Act, of the King’s Lynn Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and (East Gate) widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Borough of King’s Lynn, into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the Gate next Hillington, on Common, and to the North End of Lane,

in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the Gate next Hillington, on Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an King’s Lynn Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for (South Gaie) repairing anc^ widening the several Roads from the South Gate, in the Borough of King’s Lynn, into the p Parishes of East Walton, Narbwough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads from the South Gate, in the Borough of King’s Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, accord- Flimwell ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and ' e"t ko*d Powers of certain Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Coopers Corner, in the said County of Sussex; and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with some of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called Whitebrcad Lane: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

£ Mr.

r.3tfcal

fcpM

ttl

ltd Ik f&L

K'Niri

m

‘atom

|h

31 Geo. III.

28° Martil

355

Vi nth all and Cupps s Corner Hoad Bill prese nted.

Mr. Thomas Pelham presented to the House, accord- and Dalwood, in the County of Dorset,

ing to Or«ler, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, of the and of divers other Persons, whose Names are theie-Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing unto subscribed, which was presented to the House and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at upon the gSth l)ay of February last, and then ordered Vinehall, in the Parish of Mouatfield,in tire County of to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

Sussex, to Cripps's Comer, and from thence to Staple And tire same being read accordingly;

Cross, and to tire Turnpike Road near the Windmill in Ordered, That tire said Petition be r eferred to the Con-the Parish of Beckl'y, and from Staple Cross to Langley's sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Water Corn Mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County, as appear to them, to the House:

relates to the said Roads from Staple Cross to the And it is referred to Mr. Bastard, Mr. IVebb. Sec.:

Turnpike Road near the said Windmill, and from And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine Staple Cross to Long ley's Water Corn Mill aforesaid; of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, so far as relates to the rest of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Milford and

Stainlon Hoad Bill parsed.

A Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads Bromyard leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads adjoining thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr Webb,&c- And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for opening a new Road from Milford, in the County of Pembroke, to StaitUon, and for amending and widening the Road from the said new Road, through Stainton and Johnson, to Merlins Bridge, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Mr- presented to the House, according to Darly Moor

be, An Act for opening a new Road from Milford, in Order,' a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Koaj) the County of Pembroke, to Stainton, and for amend- Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Presen ing and widening the Road from the said new Road, present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road through Stainton and Johnson, to Merlin's Bridge, in from Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to E/laston, the same County. in the County of and from thence to the

Ordered, That Mr. Poumey do carry the Bill to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said

— 1 A _ ' I I l.iwKif >->>/( V //i // f \ v» rt 11 trtn cn 1VI a A 0

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chippenham

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and laying IneiosureBiH jD Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, and Commonable Lands, within the Township of

Chippenham, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Counties of Derby and Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First T'me-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gipps reported from the Committee, to whom neal Paving the Bill for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the Bill reported^ Highways, Streets, end Lanes, within the Town and Resolvid, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Borough of in the County of Kent, and for relic, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and laying in moving and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions,

Sevcralty, the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, and Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was committed; Commonable Lands, within the Township of Chippcn- That the Committee had examined the Allegations ham, in the County of Cambridge. of the Bill, and fpund the same to be true; and that

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith do carry the Bill to the Committee had gone through the Rill, and made

Day’s Estate Bill committed.

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Bath Estate, situate in the Island of Barbadoes, and late belonging to Edward Day, Esquire, deceased, together with the Stock and Effects upon or belonging to the same, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes therein expressed, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet

several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That die Rill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, Itc. Leases Bill commit* U4.

Pen® Inn and Ilomion Roads Petition referred to a Committee.

A Petition of the Honourable Basil William Douglas, p00le commonly called Lord Doer, One of the Candidates Election — this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament |>etlf,°" of Chamber. for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, 01 aer*

was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act That on Saturday, the 12th Day of March 1791, an for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury and Election of One Burgess to serve in this present Par-Them.Glutton to grant Building Leases, pursuant to liament for the said Borough, came on, and Benjamin an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, was read Lester, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates a Second Time. at the said Election; and that, at the Time of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hany said Election, the said Benjamin Lester had nof such an Hobart, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet Estate, in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit,

of or in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as qualified him to be elected and returned to serve as a Memher for the said Borough, according to die Statute in that Behalf made and provided, and that the said Betjamin Lester was not capable of being elected and this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Gentlemen. Clergy, Freeholders, and others, Trustees

of the Axminster Turnpike, residing in and near the returned, and the Votes given for the said Benjamin several 1 owns and Parishes of Armmster, Thorncombe, Lester w ere thrown ew av; and that John Strong, Esquire, Kilmmgton, Shute, Widworthy, Off well, and Hwiton, in Sheriff of the said County, and Returning Officer

the County of Devon, and Hcnvkchurch, Whitechureh of the said Borough, presided at U19 $aid Election, Vol. 4b. and

28° Martii.

A. 1791.

wnd shewed great Partiality in Favour of the said Benjamin Lester,by illegally rejecting the Votes of a great many Persons who offered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner, and who had a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, as well by the General Laws and Customs of the Land, as by the particular Constitution of the said Borough, being Inhabitants and Householders within the same,

Sierra I.eonA Settlement Petition

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman Watson accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, and by admit- to bring in a Bill for establishing a Company for car* ting upon the Poll many illegal Votes for the said rying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain Benjamin Lester; and that, on casting up the Poll, there and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of;

appeared a Colourable Majority of Votes in Favour and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant of the said Benjamin Lester, whereas the Number of from His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and from legal Votes for the Petitioner would have far exceeded the Native Princes of Africa, a certain Distinct of the Number of those for the said Benjamin Lester at Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra the said Election, if the Votes of the Persons above now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said

Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade.

And Mr. Alderman Watson moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill ordered, for establishing a Company for carrying on Trade

Wo«

fusion

Hili'h

mentioned had not been rejected, and the Petitioner was therefore, in Fact, duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

Ffftch

adBr

between the Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Coasts,

sideration upon Thursday, the 23d Day of June next, Harbours, and Countries, of Africa; and for enabling at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. the said Company to hold by Grant from His Majesty,

Memorandum: His Heirs, and Successors, and from the Native Princes

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called the Trials of controverted Elections, or Re- The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His

to

ri«of

Amn

turns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as

Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade:

And that Mr. Alderman Watson, Sir William Young, and Mr. Samuel Thornton,do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the King’s M«-House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented and Th*

Treat1

lit*

shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker Porte,

Mr. Pelham to carry Brighthelm-ston Roads Bill to the Lords.

Committee on Militia Pay Bill.

Hearing of the Matter of the stud Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Brighthelmston to The County Oak on Looell Heath, in the County of Sussex, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

(all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as follow eth; vis.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it necessary to acquaint the House of Commons, That the Endeavours which His Majesty has used, in Conjunction with His Allies, to effect a Pacification between Russia and The having hitherto been unsuccessful, and the Consequences which may arise from the further Progress of the War being highly important to the Interests of His Majesty and His Allies, and to those of Europe in general, His Majesty judges it requisite, in order to add Weight to His Representations, to make some further Augmentation of His Naval Force; and His Majesty relies on the Zeal and Affection of the House of Commons, that they will be ready to make good such additional Expences as may be incurred by these Preparations, for the Purpose of supporting the Interests of His Majesty’s Kingdoms, and of contributing to

Amendments thereunto; hich they had directed him |he Restoration of general Tranquillity, on a secure and to report, »heu the House will please to receive the l"s""8 FoundaUC">-

Committee on Sierra Leona Settlement Petition.

same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Robert Hunter, of the City of London, Merchant, Henry Thornton, of the said City, Esquire, and Philip Sansom, of the same City, Merchant, for and on Behalf of themselves, and divers others associated with them.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Wat son took the Chur of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His j?gt;mateg Majesty; &c. iefemd,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the chelse*Out-Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1791, Pensioners, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Chelsea In-In-Peusioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences Pensioner*.

of

Th

h

to

28° Ma

357

Widows

Pensions.

Half Pay.

D».

of the said Hospital, for the Year 1791, be referred to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Haverford-the said Committee. Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the 've3t.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pen- Roads leading from the Town of Haverfordwest to the jj,u. sions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Of- City of and from the said City to

ficers, for the Year 179*> he referred to the said Com- in the Parish.of Saint David's, in the County of Permittee. brokewithout any Amendment: And also,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stoke Ferry Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an' Act, ltoads Bill. Majesty’s Land Forces aftd Marines, including the of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amend-Half Pay of the Officers of the late Independent Com- ing and widening several Roads leading from The Bell, paniesof Foot, for the Year 1791,be referred to the said in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk', and for Committee. amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half from Methwold House to a Place called The

Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Devils Ditch, in the said County; without any Ainend- Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1791, be re- ment: And also,

ferred to the said Committee. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Biceater and

D*. Ordered, That 4he Estimate of the Charge of Half Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Ariesbury Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Ro ' in the Service of the States General, for the Year Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from 1791, be referred to the said Committee. Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in

Scotch Hoad* Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the the County of Bucks; without any Amendment: And and Bridge*. Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges also,

in North Britain, for the Year 1791, approved by The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bicester and.

Lieutenant General Lord Adam Gordon, Commander Act for repairing and widening the Road from the -Aynho Road of His Majesty’s Forces there, be referred to the said Market Place in Bicester, in the County of Oxford, Bl^' Committee. to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in in the

Extraordina- Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Ex- County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: xie* of the pences of the Army incurred and paid by the Right And also,

Army. honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Deretend

Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching, and level- and Bordesley ling the Surfaces of the Streets and other Public Streets Bl11-Places within the Hamlets of Deretend and Bordesley, in the County of Warwick, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Encroach-

Treaty with

honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1789 to the 24th of December 1790, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between His lletse Cassel. Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel,signed at ments, and regulating the Driving of Carts and other Cassel, the 28th of September 1787; and Translation *, Carriages used for carrying Goods, Wares, and Mer-which were presented to the House upon the 29th chandizes therein; without any Amendment: And Day of November 1787, be referred to the said Com- also, mittee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That

The Lords have agreed to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Butterton Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarg- Moor End ing the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of Roa<b hill, the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Roads from Butterton Moor ‘End, near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton they had come to several Resolutions; which they had to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and from Blacktoti directed him to report, when the House will please to Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road receive the same. leading from Btixton to Ashborne, near Nezvhaven, in the

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow County of Derby, and from to Ecton Mine, in

Morning. the County of Stafford; w ithout any Amendment: And

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was also, directed by the Committee to move, that they may The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Burford have Leave to sit again. Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Tenth Roads Bill*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted Oxford, and from Burford aforesaid to the Turnpike to His Majesty. Road leading from Stow, in the County of Gloucester, at

the Bottom of Slow Hill, and from Swerford Gate, in the A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and said County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho,

Haverfordwest and Fishguard Hoads Bill.

in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Great Kine-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common ton Inclosure Field, and Commonable Land and Ground, within the Bll,‘

Manor and Parish of Great Kincton, otherwise Kington,

Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Haverfordwest, through the Town of Fishguard, to the Town of Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and also from the Town in the County of Warwick, called Great Field;

of Fishguard, to the City of Saint David’s, in the without any Amendment: And also, said County of Pembroke; without any Amendment. — -

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and Carmar- Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

Bill"1 R°adS R°a(l fading from Robeston JVathan to Saint

Clear's, and other Roads therein mentioned, id the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen without any Amendment: And also,

Vo l. 46.

Pembroke

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An F.gginton In-Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open closure Bill Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Egginton, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kippax In-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the closure Bl11'

4 Y

Common

28° — 29° Martin

A. 1791.

RotherNavl gation Bill.

Common Arable Fields, a Common Stinted Pasture, called The Town Close, and a certain Common or

Waste, called The Hollings, within the Manor and Township of Kippax, in the West Hiding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Earl of Egremont to make and maintain the River Rot her Navigable from the Town of Midhurst to a certain Meadow called The Railed Pieces, or Stopham Meadow, in the Parish of Stopham,

Cazenove and Balard’s Nat. Bill.

Heyman's Nat. BUI.

Roilban’a Nat. Bill.

The Lords have passed Clerks of Assize Bill.

Smith’s Estate Bill.

Martis,29* die Martii;

Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

r'P'HE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Lndgershall X the Petition of John Drummond and Robert Election Fe. Drummond, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the boon* con-

— 1 - sidered.

several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and a Navigable Cut from the said River to the River being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament Arun, at or near Stopham Bridge, in the County of for the Borough of Ludgcrshall, in the County of

Sussex, and for other Purposes; without any Amend' ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Theophilus Cazenove and John Francis Batard; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Lithe Younger; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Offices of Clerks of Assize, Associates, and Clerks of Indictments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act

complaining of the undue Election and Return of George Augustus Selwyn, Esquire, and the Honourable William Asheton Harbord, for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions,

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Thirty-two Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Mr. and for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith, Esquire, for the Honourable John Thomas Townshend (who, by deceased, to accept a Conveyance of divers Heredita- an Order of the House, of the 16th Day of February ments in the Parish of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, last, had been admitted as a Party before the House and and an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of Twenty-five the Select Committee to be appointed to try and deter-Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Mount mine the Merits of the said Petitions, in the room of the Bures, in the County of Essex, and a Yearly Rent of said George Augustus Selwyn, Esquire, deceased) were Thirty Pounds, Part of an Annual or Fee Farm Rent called in to the Bar.

Smith’s Estate Bill read.

of Forty Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Heddington, with the Hundred of Bullingdon, in the County of Oxford, in Exchange for the several Manors of Knowle, Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the County of Kent, and divers Hereditaments in the several Parishes of Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the said County of Kent, and to convey the last mentioned Hereditaments accordingly; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith, Esquire, deceased, to accept a Conveyance of divers Hereditaments in the Parish of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, and an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of Twenty-five Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Mount Bures, in the County of Essex, and a Yearly Rent of Thirty Pounds, Part of an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of Forty Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Heddington, with the Hundred of Bullingdon, in the County of Oxford, in Exchange for the several Manors of Knowle, Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the County of Kent, and divers Hereditaments in the several Parishes of Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the said County of Kent, and to convey the last mentioned Hereditaments accordingly, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second Time.

Way* and Means deferred.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of One Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

And the Name of Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Edward Phelips, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the said Mr. Harbord, and the Honourable John Thomas Townshend.

And the Names of Forty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Forty other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Three on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, (before sworn); Nine against whose Election Petitions were depending; Three as then serving on Select Committees; Twenty-four on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees; and One as having voted at the Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Counsel and Agents withdrew, for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

*09

kb

N.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow MomiDg, Ten of the Clock.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Sir Thomas Gooch, Baronet; and also, the Petition of the ther consider-principal Inhabitants and Manufacturers of the Town ing Report of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose ot Birming-Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition yJor^tw

of Canal Bill.

29° Mar til.

359

of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation; and also, the

Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands and Estates, through or near which a new Canal Navigation is intended to be made, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to communicate with the River Secern, at or near and also, the

First of the Petitions of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Water Mills, and other Works, upon the several Rivers, Brooks, Streams, and Rivulets, lying between the Town of Birmingham and the City of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and also, the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Coal Mines lying upon and near to the Line of the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants of Stourport, in the County of and

also, the Petition of the several Owners of Vessels, Bargemasters, Curriers, and others, Traders upon the River Secern, whose Names are thereunto sub-

mitted.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge st. Alban the Powers, of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His a«d S<uuh present Majesty, for repairing the Highways through !^'ms lload the several Parishes of Saint M, Alban, ' r°m' Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the

Counties of Hertford and Middlesex,was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baler,

Mr. Plumer, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Crerce presented to the House, according to MarcKfield Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of 1>l0ad B:’1 an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Presente present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, over the Long Moss and 'MHeath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether Tabley, in the said County, and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cer- Tan-intn.

_ O’ . Dill

tain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of scribed, which were severally presented to the House Tarcin, in the County of Chester, was read a Second upon the 28th Day of February last, and the 2d, 4th, Time, and 7th Days of tins Instant March, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table until the Report which w as made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn,near to the City of I Forrester, was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Agents,

or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House, they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, to whom Chichester the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Paving l’eti-said Petitions. thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Messuages, tl0Drel,0rt*

Buildings, and Lands, within the Walls of the City

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.,

Crewe, Mr. Baker, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to Father consider of the best Method for regulating the Tempe- Committee rature of the Air in the House of Commons, have Power appointed to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the for regulating House. the Tempe-

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, r,'ltm '1t,ie

’ ’ Air in the

House.

taitwood An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Iotloaute Bill Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of

fMKi

of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the East-wood, in the County of Nottingham, was read the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same,

Thud Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Eastwood, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Oswestry, An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ-4c. Poor Bill ment of the Poor belonging to the Town of Os-westry, and to certain Parishes within the Hundred of Oswestry,

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To piove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Wilmot being examined, said, That the City of Chichester is a populous City, surrounded by Walls, and the Streets, Lanes, Courts, and Public Passages, within the said Walls, are in general in a ruinous Condition, and very ill paved, repaired, and cleansed, and are greatly obstructed by various Enin the County of Salop, and to such Part of the Parish croachments and Annoyances; and that the regular and of Llampnynech as lies within the said Hundred, and to effectual Paving the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, and the Parish of Chirk,in the County of Denbigh, and to Public Passages, and the removing and preventing in the Parish of Llansilin, in the Counties of Salop and future all Projections, Encroachments, Nuisances and Denbigh,was read the Third Time. Annoyances therein, will tend greatly to the Health,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Safety, and Advantage, as well of the Inhabitants of the

be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of said City, as of all others resorting thereto, the Poor belonging to the Town of Oswestry, and to Mr. // Ellis being examined, said, That he has certain Parishes within the Hundred of Oswestry, in made a Survey of the said Streets, and knows the Facts the County of Salop, and to such Part of the Parish stated in the above Evidence to be true, of Llanymynech as lies within the said Hundred, and to the Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, and to the Parish of Llansilin, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 46.

Then an attested Copy of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for paving the City of ," was

produced to your Committee, and read: And,

'Mr. Wilmot being further examined, said, That the Provisions of the said Act, as well as the General Laws

now

360

29° Martii,

A. 1791.

now m Force for the Amendment and Preservation of to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances the Highways, are found to be inadequate for effecting to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the the Purposes aforesaid. Then, Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the

Mr. William Fowler being called, confirmed the last Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse mentioned Evidence, respecting the Inadequacy of the Guards, for the Year 1791,

present Laws.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for paving

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduced That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand and Officer* of Ninety-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to Jj8 Forces! His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of the City of Chichester," and for the better paving of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways and 1791.

Passages, within the Walls of the said City, and for Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowances removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred J^*^ and Annoyances, therein; and that Mr. Sargent, Mr. and Seven Pounds-and Ten Shillings, be granted to His D\ " Crcrwfurd, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Aldridge, do prepare. Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to and bring in, the same. several Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British Ame-

rican Forces, for the Year 1791.

Militia Pay Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Officers late Bill reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand One hundred ‘"theiservice defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the and Sixty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence, be Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, granted to His Majesty, on Account of the several Offi-for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of cers late in the Service of the States General, for the

IyjFrsl

f t tl'Hl ( 'lEIBil ignite

March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Pensions.

Year 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Widows That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Seven hundred and Ten Pounds Four. Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Corn-

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a missioned Officers, and Expences attending the same, Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question for the Year 1791.

severally pot thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duties on Importation of Tanned Goat Skins to be considered*

Dunsford and Cherrybrook Road Bill committed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Chelsea Pen-That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-four sl0ners* thousand One hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence Half-penny, be granted to Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, His Majesty, for defraying the Charge-of the In and Out

ifn A.l A f ♦-v. 1 f f K a a1 /\ U f a AT I. O t\ / 1 AT t n A n V AnAAJOO A T

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tanned Goats Skins.

A Bill to continue and amend an Act, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from

Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Scotch That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Nine hundred ^d3 and Eleven Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence, be Bn °e1, granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building

the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year

<1 If!

1791.

Reduced Officers of Independent Companies.

Reduced

Horse

Guards.

Dunsford, in the County of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in

the Forest of Dartmoore, in the said County, was read Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Hessian a Second Time. That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand and Subsidy.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edmund Ninety-three Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to Bastard, Mr. Phelips, &c.: And th*ey are to meet this , His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Subsidy which Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s will be due to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel for the Year Chamber. 1791, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extraordi-That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Thirty-five nariea of tin thousand Two hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Eighteen Anny* Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the 25th Day of December 1789 to the 24th Day of December 1790, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Fifty-five agreed to by the House, thousand Two hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds,

Five Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to Loesani

Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment n nfordP?°(I His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year of the Poor within the Hundreds of Locs and 1 re*MM *

1791. in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be and found the same to be true; and that the Corn-granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Officers of the late Independent Companies of Foot, for Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him the Year 1791. to report to the House; and he read the Report in

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Twelve Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Second

v-.bt

Report Sup- Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the ply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines.

29° Martii.

361

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,- were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

I.u^rstiaU KU, linn ( omrniUee appointed.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, and Edward Phelips, Esquire,

being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Paul Orchard, Esquire, James , Esquire, Lieutenant Colonel A agent, Charles Callis Esquire,

the Honourable George Talbot Rice, Thomas Master, Esquire, John Bond, Esquire, John Hill, Esquire, William Chute, Esquire, Sir Thonuts Come, Baronet, James Rooke, Esquire, Henry Berkeley Portman, Esquire, John Pardoe, Esquire, Sir John Sinclair, Baronet, Edward Phelips, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Drummond and Robert Drummond, Esquires; and also, of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words: — " To assure His Majesty, That we concur " with His Majesty, in feeling the most sincere Concern for the Continuance of the Calamities of War " in the remote Parts of Europe; but that it does not " appear to this House, that either His Majesty, or " any of His Allies, arc threatened with any hostile " Attacks by any Power whatever, or that any Event " has taken Place, which ought to make any Change in the Pacific System which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to assure us from the Throne has been the Object of all His Measures: Most humbly to submit to His Majesty, that we should feel ourselves wanting in Duty, both to His Majesty and our Constituents, if we were to load them with additional Burthens, for thp Purpose of supporting Interests so little explained to this House, and so little understood by us, as those supposed to be affected by the War now subsisting between Russia and The Porte; and most humbly to implore His Majesty, that in the further Prosecution of His benevolent Intentions for promoting Reconciliation between Foreign Powers, He will not lose Sight of the inestimable Value of Peace to this Country, so far as to endanger that Tranquillity, the Blessings " of which it is our anxious Desire to improve, and " the Permanency of which we have been taught to " rely upon, from the repeated Assurances we have " received from the Throne, of the Friendly Dispositions of all the European Powers," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

| 228.

135-

indThel'orte

consider*!.

King’s Mes- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into *age respect- Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of ing Russia Yesterday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the same w as again read by Mr. Speaker.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return His Maj csty the Thanks of this House, for llis most Gracious Message:

Tellers for the Yeas, {\\T'S^ck),

’ [Mr. JSeville:

Tellers for the Noe si6 Vwth,

fMr. Grey:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address on His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this King’s Mes-House, for His most Gracious Message: in g Rums'1*

To express our Regret that the Endeavours which and The His Majesty has used, in Conjunction with His Allies, Porte, to effect a Pacification between Russia and The Porte, have hitherto been unsuccessful:

That nothing can more evince His Majesty’s constant Attention to the Welfare of His Subjects, and llis Con-

To express our Regret that the Endeavours which His cern for the general Tranquillity, than His Anxiety to Majesty has used, in Conjunction with His Allies, to contribute to the speedy Termination of a War, from the effect a Pacification between Russia and The Porte, have further Progress of which His Majesty apprehends that hitherto been unsuccessful: Consequences may arise highly important to the Interests

That nothing can more evince His Majesty’s constant of His Majesty and His Allies, and to those of Europe in , Attention to the Welfare of His Subjects, and His Con- general:

cern for the general Tranquillity, than His Anxiety to That, as, under these Circumstances, His Majesty contribute to the speedy Termination of a War, from the judges it requisite, in order to add Weight to His Re-further Progress of which His Majesty apprehends that presentations, to make some further Additions to His Consequences may arise highly important to the Interests Naval Force, His faithful Commons think it their of His Majesty and llis Allies, and to those of Europe Duty to assure His Majesty, that they shall be ready

in general: to make good the Expences which may be incurred

That, as, under these Circumstances, His Majesty by these Preparations, for the Purpose of supporting

judges it requisite, in order to add Weight to His Re- the Interests of these Kingdoms, and of contributing

presentations, to make some further Additions to His Naval Force, His faithful Commons think it their Duty to assure His Majesty, that they shall be ready to make good the' Expences which may be incurred

to the great and important Object of restoring the Tranquillity of Europe on a secure and lasting Foundation.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to llis

by these Preparations, for the Purpose of supporting Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His the Interests of these Kingdoms, and of contributing Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, to the great and important Object of restoring the Tranquillity of Europe on a secure and lasting Foundation;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " unsuc-

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill, now ingrossed, for applying d*"ds to the Public Service the Sum of £.500,000, out of deferred, the Balance remaining in the Bank of England from

" cessful," at the End of the Second Paragraph, to Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends, on Account Vol. 46. 4 Z of

362

306 Ma

A. 1791.

of the National t)ebt, and for securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded, be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next

Marquis de Choiseut; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.-

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Felony Retill Tomorrow to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of ward? Bill Felony; and to enable Persons convicted of Petty Lar- read-ceny to be Witnesses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Southampton Church Bill nporied.

Mercurii, 30* die Martii J Anno 31° Georgii III,a Regis, 1791* Prayers.

MR. Amyatt reported frotn the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clerks of For regulating the Offices of Clerks of Assize, As- Assize Bill sociates, and Clerks of Indictments, was read the First read* Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Thomas Williams presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and

County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing keeping in Repair, the Road from Great Marlene,

Marlow Road Bill presented.

Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard, for the Use of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Bounties for encouraging the British Herring Fishery

in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from Account* the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Herring at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Fishery in sented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Scotland

An Account of the Sums which have been paid as presentci

The'Lords have agreed to

Sugar Duty Bill.

Hereford and Gloucester Canal Bill.

Southwark Roads Bill.

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

in Scotland, from the 5th of 1788 to the 5th of July 1790, dividing the same into the different Sorts of Bounties so paid, and distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of White Herrings exported from Scotland, from the 5th of January 1788 to the 5th of January 1791, with the Quantities ascertained to have been caught by the Busses fitted out for the Tonnage Bounty, for the same Period: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Salt imported into, and delivered for, the Fishery in Scotland, from the 5th

for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal of April 1787 to the 5th of April 1790.

from the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John Southxcark, to and through the several Places therein

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from Account* the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; presented, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, stating the Sums raised by Way of Lottery.

Cottingham

Inclosure Bill.

mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other Lottery in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and Roads adjoining, in Repair; without any Amendment: !‘L ‘ "r '1 e " '

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the- Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of (Nottingham, _____

in the East Riding of the County of York; and for Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sufferer*.

1790, with the Amount of the Money paid for Prizes, and for Charges of Management in each Year: And also,

An Account of the Sums that will be necessary for America* Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. 10s. per j"drijast

The Lords have passed

Felony Rewards Bill.

Choiseul’s Nat. Bill.

amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of Felony; and to enable Persons convicted of Petty Larceny to be Witnesses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jean Baptiste Armand de Cheiseul, called

Sums unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the 1 oth October 1790, on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their " Rights and Properties during the late unhappy " Dissentions in America,in Consequence of their " Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the " British Government, and for making Compensation " to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties " in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of § <4 East

30° Martii.

363

" East Florida to the King of Spain "which will be- " who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Ar-

come due on the 5th Day of April 1791, together with " tides, to the Army or Navy in , during the

the Sum of £. 6. 5s. per Centum, of the Principal Sum " War, or whose Property was seized, used, or de-contained in each Order; and also, for Six Months " stroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day " there; and also, for making Compensation to such of October 1791, after the same Rate of £.3. 1 os." Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in Conner Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then re- " sequence Of the Cession of thej*Province of East

maining unpaid, together with £.6. 5s. per Centum, Florida to the King of Spain" which will become

of the Principal Sum undischarged, of each Order re- due on the 5th Day of 1791, together with the spectively: And also, an Account of the Amount of Sum of £.6. 5 s. per Centum, of the Principal Sum the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment contained in each Order; and also, for Six Months of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. 1 Os.per Centum per Interest, which w ill become due on the 10th Day of Annum, for Two Years and Nine Months, of the Prin- October 1791, after the same. Rate of £.3. 10s. per cipal Sums contained in the several Orders, made out Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then re-at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for £50, or more, maining unpaid, together with £. 6. 3s. for every £. 100 pursuant to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His pre- contained in each Order respectively, sent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for giving And then he withdrew.

" Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

" Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dis- The first of the said Accounts is preserved " sentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty amongst the other Papers of -this Session; and

" to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Go- the other of the said Accounts is as followed);

" verament, for making Compensation to Persons viz.

fO

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled. GO

An ACCOUNT of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of to.'per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sams unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the 10th October 1790, on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America,

" in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in " Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain," which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1791, together with the Sum of £. 6. 5. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order; and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the loth Day of October 1791, after the same Rate of £. 3. 10. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £. 6. 5. per Centum of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively: And also, An Account of the Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. 10. per Centum per Annum, for Two Years and Nine Months, of the Principal Sums contained in the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for £.50 or more, pursuant to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy in " America during the War, or whose Property was seized, used, or destroyed, for the carrying on the Public Service there; and also, for making Compensation to such Persbns as have " suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain," which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1791, together with the Sum of £.6. 5. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1791, after the same Rate of £. 3. 10. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £.6. 5. for every £.100 contained in each Order respectively.

AMERICAN CLAIMS.

Principal to be paid off.

Interest.

Total.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. 10. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the 10th October 1790, on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1791, together with £.6. 5. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Older ——

Ditto, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1791 -

88.340 12 6

88.340 12 6

18,551 »o

17,00.5 11

212,238

7 — I,

Totals.

EAST FLORIDA CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. 10. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied on the several Orders made out pursuant to the said Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1791, together with £.6. 5. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order ----- ----- --- 8,031 5

Ditto, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1791..... 8,031 5

i, CS6 11 1,546 —

*9>295

I 231,533 8 7

6i J

O

30° Martii.

AMERICAN CLAIMS:

4

o

.o

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of to per Centum per Annum, for Two Years and Nine Months, of the Principal Sums contained in the several Orders made out pursuant to the above-mentioned Act, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1791, together with £.6. 5. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order ——

Ditto, for Six Months, due on the 10th Day of October 1791

EAST FLORIDA CLAIMS:

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. to per Centum per Annum, for Two Years and Nine Months, of the Principal Sums contained in the several Orders made out pursuant to the said Act, of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1791, together with £.b. 5. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order ——

Ditto, for Six Months, due on the 10th Day of October 1791

22.943 15 —

22.943 15 ~

1.406 5 —

1.406 5 —

Exchequer, the 3©th Day of March 1791.

Robert Jenningr.

V\

O

O

OQ

CJ3

o>

Ur

31 Geo. III. 30° Martii.

30° Martii.

A. 1791.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the first of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Committee The House was moved, That an Act, made in the considetr<si>0 Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-much of jesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of Act forrega- " the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of TYaf1 f* " ^em*3ers to serve *n Parliament," might be read.

controverted And the same be®8 read accordingly;

Elections, as Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to take relates to into Consideration so much of the said Act, as relates

ances, and some of them are so narrow and incommodious, as to be dangerous to Carriages and Passengers, and the said Town and Parish is very badly supplied with Water'; and that, if Provision was made in the said Bill for removing, and preventing for the future, all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, within the said Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, for widening and rendering more commodious the Passage of such of them as are too narrow, or otherwise inconvenient, for better supplying the said Town and Parish with Water, and for regulating Buildings within the same, it would be very beneficial and advantageous not only to the Petitioners, but to all Persons resorting to, or passing taxing Cost*. to the ascertaining and taxing the Costs and Expences through, the said Town; and that the Highways within

tflind

cittS df* id.

IfchtnJS

jltMO.

therein mentioned; and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Baker, Mr. Steele, Mr. Joshua Smith,

Mr. Phelips, Sir William Young, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Vansittart, Colonel Phipps, Mr. Mainwa-ring. Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Grey, Mr.

Neville, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Haivkins Browne, Mr. Glover, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Henry Dundas,

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Sir Thomas Dundas, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Windham, Mr. Montagu, Sir Harry Goring,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Carew, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Call, Mr. watching, and regulating the said Streets, Lanes, and

Crewe, Mr. Popham, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Henry Hobart, other Public Passages: And therefore praying, That

the Parish of Maidstone are very much out of Repair, and there are also several Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, within the said Parish, but out of the Limits of the said Town, some of which are narrow and incommodious, and all of them subject to Encroachments, Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, and not paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and it would be for the Advantage and Accommodation of the Owners of Estates and the Inhabitants within the said Parish, if some Provision was made in the said Bill for repairing the said Highways, and widening, improving, paving, cleansing,_ lighting.

Quebec Bill deferred.

Provision may be made in the said Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Peti-The Order of the Day being read, for taking into tion of the Mayor, Jurats, and principal Inhabitants,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Bastard, Mr RMr. Harrison, General Vaughan, Mr. Powys, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Taylor-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

tattler

ktiOD

k'M

mid

J ' ( I 7

of the King’s Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Address for Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Inforrnatl0I» Directions, that there be -laid before this House, Co- the present pies of Information received by the Committee of State of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Privy Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Agriculture, to consider of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations,

Duties on to consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation concerning the present State of Agriculture in Great of Tanned Goat Skins, be now read. Britain and Ireland;

And the said Order being read accordingly; And the previous Question being proposed, That

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. that Question he now put;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. The said Motion for the previous Question was, with

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Leave of the House, withdrawn.

further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more " effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North ," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next

Committee

Importation of Tauned Goat Skins.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Then the Question being put, That an humble

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be

Petition for additional Provision to Maidstone Paving Bill.

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants within the

graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of Information received by the Committee of Privy Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, concerning the present State of Agriculture in Great Britain and Ireland-,

It passed in the Negative.

The Earl of reported to the House, That Answer to

Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, their Address of Yesterday had been presented to His Tmcs-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him sag,8

That the Petitioners are informed Application is making to Parliament for a Bill for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways, within the Town of Maidstone, and for maintaining a Nightly Watch therein; and that the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the said Town are rendered very inconvenient, by various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoy-7

to acquaint this House, that His Majesty receives, with great Satisfaction, the Assurance of their Readiness to make good such Expences as may be necessary in the present Conjuncture.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred.

House,

30° — 31° Martii.

36T

Ways and Means deferred.

Heading

Debtors Petition.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Mr. Thornton has nothing to do, and that it would be His Majesty. attended with great Inconvenience not to permit the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Sitting Members to separate, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, And then one of the Counsel for Mr. , the

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the other Sitting Member, was heard, and stated, That it Supply granted to His Majesty. is not true that the Parties have no Right to separate,

except where they have opposite Interests — That it is Ordered, That Mr. Hartley have Leave to make a permitted always, where they appear to have distinct Motion, it being near Five of the Clock. Interests, and that is the present Case. — That there is

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented no Connection in the Charge, or in the Defence, and to the House, the Counsel of one of the Sitting Members may be

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty’s absent while the Cause of the other Sitting Member is Gaol at Reading, in and for the County of Berks, 1 L'r r ""

And the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon Table.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Ten of the Clock.

the

Jovis, 31* die;

Anno 31*

Georgii

III. Regis, 1791

Colchester

Election

Petition

considered.

hearing before the Committee.

Ana thereupon the said Counsel and Agents were directed to retire some Way from the Bar.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, Tomorrow " made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, " or Returns of Members to serve 1q Parliament," might be read.

----- ----- ----- -- And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the said Petition of Mr. Tieiney might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Sitting Members be permitted to appear as separate Parties, on distinct Interests;

The House was moved, That the Proceedings of Prayers. the House of the 10th Day of February last, on the

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, com- the Merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an plaining of the undue Election and Return of George undue Election and Return for the Town and County of Jackson and Robert Thornton, Esquires, for the Borough the Town of Poole, might be read, of Colchester, in the County of Essex, being come; And the same being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Resolved, That the Sitting Members be permitted to

Committee, to Uy and determine the Merits of the said appear as separate Parties, on distinct Interests.

Petition. Then Mr. Speaker stated to the House the Method

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker of Proceeding respecting the Nominees, whether they to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require should be chosen out of the Members present at the the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the Ballot, or out of those present when the List of Thirteen House. is called over.

And he went accordingly. Resolved, That the said Two Members be chosen

And being returned; out of the Members who shall be present in the House

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One when the List of Thirteen Members is returned, and hundred and Thirty-seven Members being present; called over.

Tl»e Counsel and Agents for the Petitioner, and the And the Counsel and Agents being again called to Counsel and Agents for the said Mr. Jackson, and the the Bar, Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said

Counsel and Agents, for the said Mr. Thornton, were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Counsel for Mr. Jackson informed the House that the Sitting Members had distinct Interests, and that the Charges contained in the Petition were distinct; those against Mr. Thornton being for Bribery, and those Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn against Mr. Jackson as being ineligible on Account of and read in the usual Manner.

Resolutions.

And then the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of the Members were taken out of the

Ihs holding a Pension from the Crown; that the Sitting Members bad no Communication with each other, and that therefore they desired to appear as separate Parties, on distinct Interests.

Whereupon the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard, and stated, that although the Charges were in some Respects different; namely, that there is a Charge against Mr. Jackson which does not affect Mr. Thornton, with respect to the Pension; yet that there is a Charge of Bribery against both — That the Meaning of the Words, " distinct Interests," in the Act is, that by Possibility the Interests may become opposite to each other, and then they may be allowed to separate, but in the present Case there can never be an Opposition of Interest between the Sitting Members.

The Counsel for Mr. Jackson stated, by Way of Reply, That the Sitting Members are not connected, and there is no common Case stated in- the Petition — That with the Disqualification of Mr. Jackson, Vo 1.. 46.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Fifty-two other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Six on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Eight against whose Election Petitions were depending; Six as then serving on Select Committees; Thirty-one on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees; and One as having voted at the Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Choiseul't Act for naturalizing Jean Baptiste Armand de Choi- Nat. Bill

seal, read.

368 31° Martii. . 1791.

setil, called Mariquis de ,was read the First

r»v

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

EUtsmere. Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom &c. Poor Pe- ttie Petition of the several Persons whose Names are oorte/6 thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, paying to the Relief of the Poor within the several Parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, and in

the County of Salop; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, paying to the Relief of the Poor, within the Parish of Baschurch, in the County of Salop, and the several Chapelries or Districts of Hadnal and Little Ness, in the said County were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in- his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Gregory being examined, said, That the Poor of the said Parishes are maintained 'and supported at a very heavy Expence — That if Powers were given for providing a proper Place for the Reception, Employment, and Government of the Poor, it would be very conducive to the better Relief and Support of those who, by Age or Infirmities, are unable to maintain themselves, and it would be a Means of better employing the Able and Industrious, and the Poor Children would be early inured to Habits of good and moral Behaviour, and the Idle and Disorderly much reformed — That if Power was given to agree for the Employment of the Poor of other Parishes in the Place to be provided for the Poor of the above Parishes, it may be very advantageous to such Parishes.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Gregory being examined, said, That the Poor of the Parish of Baschurch, and the Districts of Hadnal and Little Ness are very numerous, and maintained at a great Expence — That it would be a Means of lessening the Expence, and the Poor would be more comfortably maintained, if the said Parish and Districts were included in the intended Bill for the better Employment of the Poor of Ellesmere.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, Baschurch, and Horsley, and to the several Chapelries or Districts of Hadnal, otherwise Hadnal Ease, and Little Ness, in the County of Salop: And that Mr. Hill and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Handsworth sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee,

reported! w^om the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Handsworth, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 84 Acres and One Messuage and a Half, having Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed, and who are also Owners of 3 Acres of Open Field Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 177 Acres and 28 Messuages, and who are also Owners of 9 Acres of Open Field Land,

who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole Property interested in the Inclosure consists of 2,975 Acres and 103 Messuages, and there are, in the Whole,

71 Acres of Open Field Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition from Petition of the several Gentlemen, and others, whose ^Tof^he Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors Dudley and of the Dudley and Stourbridge Canal Navigations, Stourbridge was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Navigation*, That the Petitioners have engaged in Works, under B^togham the Authority of Parliament, for opening Commercial an(j wor-Intercourses between the Town of Birmingham and cester Canal the River Sevent, and for the better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Towns bordering on the Severn, with Coals, from the Mines lying near to the Canals of the Petitioners, and to the Birmingham Canal, with which last mentioned Canal the Canals of the Petitioners are intended to unite, and, the Petitioners doubt not, such Canals, when completed, will fully answer the Objects intended by them, and every Purpose of Trade and Commerce; but the Petitioners are concerned to find, that the Design and Effect of the Works so undertaken by the Petitioners . will be defeated, if the Bill for a Canal from Birmingham to Worcester, now depending in the House, passes into a Law, as the Object of such Canal is to convey Coals from the same Mines in a similar, though not in a nearer, Direction to the Canals of the Petitioners, and though it is stated by the Bill, that such Canal will be the Means of supplying Worcester and the other Towns bordering on the Severn, with Coals, the Petitioners doubt not they shall be able to prove, that there is not a single Mine of Coal in the Course of the proposed Canal, nor will it communicate with any Mines, except those to which the present Canals extend, the Produce of which will be conveyed to the Severn, by the present Canals, in as cheap, certain, and ample a Manner, as can be effected by the Canal proposed; and that, in as much as the said proposed Canal does not appear to be founded in Necessity, or to afford a Prospect of Public Utility, but will be injurious to the Petitioners, and others, who have advanced their Properties in Public Works on the Faith of Parliament, as well as to many other Individuals, the Petitioners hope and trust, that the House will not suffer the Bill to passAnd therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, was committed, be taken into further Consideration: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Aa

Hootrt

pjjttti.

Wiliof

ft*

Jtnn

Elm

bun

Mr.)

31 Geo. III.

31° Ma

369

Montrose Bridge Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge over the Lloyd, and he was by him, the said James Hope, returned River South Esk, at or near the Town of Aim- as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, trose, in the County of Forfar, was read the Third who ought to have been returned, and in Violation Time. of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title said Borough of: And therefore praying the

be, An Act for building a Bridge over the River South House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County grant to the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall ot Forfar. seem meet

Ordered, That Mr. David Scott do carry the Bill to Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lot* and An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ-

'VII ford Poor ment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Bill passed. // V//6»r</, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr, 30. 1. 3. At the End of the Line, to insert " delivered to."

1. 4* To leave out " their," and insert " the" instead thereof; and after " Custody " to insert " of the Directors and Acting Guardians " chosen by virtue of this Act."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title l»e. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and in the County of Suffolk.

sideration upon Tuesday, the 28th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant> or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Logon presented to the House, according to Stoarbridge Order, a bill for lighting, cleansing, and watching the ^?*‘ce bill Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Maces pr*s*n e within the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Old Su'inford,in the County of Worcester, and for

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bill to the removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Steyning Election — Petition of Mr. Whitbread.

Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth,

That, at the late Election of a Member to serve Ordered, That the Order of the Day for receiving Report ip Parliament for the Borough of Steyning,in the the Report from the Committee of the whole House, respecting County of Sussex, had on the 24th Day of March to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties pay- puti®* °" 1791, the Petitioner and James Martin Lloyd, Es- able upon the Importation of Tanned Goat Skins, be of Tanned quire, were Candidates; and that at such Election now read. Goat Skins

the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes upon And the said Order being read accordingly; deferred,

the Poll, and ought to have been returned, but Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this

that James Hope, the Constable, and Returning Officer Day Sevennight. for the said Borough, being well acquainted with the

Rights and Customs of the said Borough, grossly "Tother Order of the Day being read; misbehaved himself, in deviating therefrom, as well Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for applying to the Bank J)ivi-in the Manner of taking the Poll at the said Election, Public Service the Sum of £.500,000, out of the Ba- j^?*8*?'1* as in the Admission of Persons upon the Poll; and Iance remaining, in the Bank of England from Sums "e err that the said James Hope being also acquainted with issued for the Payment of Dividends, on Account of the late Determinations of a Select Committee, ap- the National Debt, and for securing the punctual pointed to try and determine the Merits of the Peti- Payment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the tion of Sir John Honywood, Baronet, and John Curtis, same shall be demanded, be read the Third Time upon

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Re- this Day Sevennight

turn for the Borough of Steyning aforesaid, which Determinations were made the 7th Day of this present Month of March, whereby it was determined (among other Things) that the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough was in the Inhabitants of ancient Houses, and of Houses built on the Scitcs of ancient Houses, within the said Borough, being Householders, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms, did, notwithstanding such his Knowledge as aforesaid, as the Constable and Returning Officer for the said Borough, grossly

appointed.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Colchester returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the Lonuni e said Lists, which had been struck in his Presence by the Counsel for the Petitioner in the First Place; by the Counsel for Mr. Thornton in the Second Place; and by the Counsel for Mr. Jackson in the Third Place; together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; Which last mentioned List was read; and is as follows:

The Honourable Henry Hobart, the Honourable

misbehave himself in deviating therefrom, and in shewing extreme Partiality and improper Conduct in Fa- Clement Finch, George Murray, Esquire, Andrew

your of the said James Martin Lloyd, by admitting on Esquire, John Hamilton, Esquire, Sir James

the Poll for the said James Martin Lloyd the Votes of Murray, Baronet, William Montgomery, Esquire, Ri-several Persons who had no Right to vote, and who chard Joseph Esquire, John Thomas Stanley,

had, to the Knowledge of the said James Hope, been Esquire, Mark Pringle, Esquire, John Wilmot, Es-determined by such Select Committee as aforesaid not quire, Sir John lngilby, Baronet, Thomas Kemp,

to have a Right to vote, and rejecting good Votes offered for the Petitioner, and that thereby, and by other improper Conduct, a Majority of Votes was unduly received on the Poll for the said James Martin Vol. 4 6.

Esquire.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew.

And the said Counsel and Agents also withdrew.

5 B The

3T0 S\° MartiL — X'AprilA. 1791.

The Thirteen Members before-mentioned being returned to the House, the said Counsel and Agents were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee informed the House, that the said Thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen Edmund , Esquire, and Gibbs Crawfurd, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And the Names of the said Edmund Esquire,

and Gibbs Crauj'urd, Esquire, were added to the said List of Thirteen Members.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, now taken into Consideration,

were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 1’ die A prills;

Anno 31° Georgii III'" Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

Saffron Wal- X/T R- B rams ton presented to the House, according to den Church 1.VJL Order, a Bill for repairing the Parish Church of Bente*®' Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord* A Message fi-om the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. have agreed Walker:

to Mr. Speaker,

Hose Indo- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An sure Bill. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hose, in tire County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

Little Wool- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Eton inclo- for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Corn-

sure Bill. mon fields Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little W, in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also.

Barston and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Plungar in- for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, c owre 1 . padres, Meadows, Woods, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Barston, otherwise Barkestone, and Plungar, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to amend, and render effectual, an Act of Birmingham the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, Bnc,&e for re-building the Bridge over the River lieu, at comimUe the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto; and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, to Parkes*. &c. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement atJfl made between William Parkes and Thomas Read, and Mary his Wife, and the Right honourable George Earl Brooke of Warwick Castle and Earl of,

for the Exchange of certain Lands in the County of Warwick, and in the Borough of in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Arden do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, paving, and cleansing Deni Paving the Highways, Streets, and Lancs, within the Town Dill passed, and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions,

N uisances, and Annoyances therein, was road the Third Fiine.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 37- After " Bailey" to insert " John

" Baker."

Pr. 2. 1. 1. At the End of the Line to add

" John Carter."

Pr. 6. 1. 23] & To leave out " Tuesday Fortnight " after the passing of this Act,"

24. J and insert " 21st Day of June " 1791" instead thereof.

Pr. 12. 1. 28. To leave out " passing of this Act," and insert " 21st Day " of June 1791" instead there-

of.

Pr. 13. 1. 29. To leave out " passing of this " Act," and insert " said 21st " Day of June 1791," instead thereof.

Pr. 25. 1. 1. To leave out " passing of this " Act," and insert " 24th Day " of June 1791" instead there-

Petitionfrora A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Manu-Walsal facturers of the Borough of in the County of

Einlwi Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was and Wifrces- presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of ter Canal the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Dill. from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

of.

Pr. 26. 1. 29. To leave out " passing of this " Act," and insert " 24th Day " of June 1791" instead thereof.

Pr. 31. 1. 29. To leave out " passing of this " Act," and insert " 21st Day " of June 1791" instead thereof.

Pr. 47. 1. 9. After " Windows" to insert " or " any other Windows."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; anji the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

9 Resolved,

I’chei

i^to

tomuitfc

ItrjjwUi t w:\ir i

alirase. Iikhs, Rjkcud-rj:i, ic. :-tii >n iELESli

fmil s ‘Tps C rL‘ Roads 1 mui

;4Eq

1

31 Geo. III.

1° Apri.

371

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title in Repair, the Road leading from the Alcester and be. An Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing the Evesham Turnpike Road at the End of,

Member added to Committee

Highways, Streets, and Lancs, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Kuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Gippsdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas be added to the appointed for Committee who are appointed to consider of the best regulating the Method for regulating the Temperature of the Air in Temperature iIou^ of Commons.

of tie Air in the House.

Dumfries, Kirkcudbright. &c. Election determined,

in the County of Warwick, to Chipping Campden, and from thence to Upton Old Lane, in the County of Gloucester, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they lmd directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The Earl of Canjsfort,from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir James Johnstone, Baronet, complain- ingrossed. ing of an iftiduc Election and Return for the District of Boroughs in Scotland, of Dumfries, Kirkcudbright, The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Ediuburgh

Annan, Lochmabon, and Sanquhar, informed the House, Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Gaols Peti-

Thut the said Select Committee have determined, Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of tl0U reP°rte<*

That Patrick Millar, Junior, Esquire, is duly elected Edinburgh, for themselves, and on Behalf of the a Commissioner to serve in tins present Parliament for Community thereof, and of the Proprietors and Inha-the District of Boroughs in Scotland,of Dumfries, Kirk- bitants of the County of was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That it is

cudbright, Annan, Lochmabon, and Sanquhar:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Sir James Johnstone,

Baronet, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That die said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Patrick Afdlar, necessary to build a new Prison within or adjacent to Junior, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the City of Edinburgh, for confining State and other the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious. Criminals, and also a Prison for Debtors and Persons

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered guilty of Petty Offences — That it is also necessary in the Journals of this House. to build a Bridewell or House of Correction within or

adjacent to the City of Edinburgh, for the Punishment Vioeball and Bill to repeal so much of an Act of the Eleventh of idle, refractory, and profligate Persons — That a Cripps’s Cor- Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen- considerable Sum of Money will be necessary to be ner Roads Bill ing the Road from the Turnpike Hoad at Vinehall, in raised by Assessments for erecting those Buildings, as comauticd. (lie Parish of Mountfield,in the County of Sussex, to well as for a proper Establishment and keeping them Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to in Repair; and that it will be necessary to give addi-the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish tional Powers to the Magistrates, Sheriff, and Justices of Beck I'y, and from Staple Cross to Long ley's Water of the Peace, in so far as concerns the House of Correc-Corn Mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to tion, and appointing Persons to be confined therein, the Town of Rye, in the said County, as relates to the That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

said Roads from Staple Cross to the Turnpike Road near building and maintaining a Bridewell and Correction the said Windmill, and from Staple Cross to Ixmgley's House in and for the City and County of Water Corn Mill aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Henry and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the rest of the said Roads, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Raker, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at live of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dundas, and Mr. John Hope, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Flitnwtll Vfnt Road

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, according to Chichester Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Paving B'U Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, presente intituled, "An Act for paving of the City of " ter," and for the better paving and cleansing the

Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways and Passages, within Bill commit- present Majesty’, for repairing and widening the Road the Walls of the said City, and for removing and pre-"* from I'li mm ell Vent,in the County of Sussex, through venting Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances

High gale, in the County of Kent, in the Parishes of Sandhurst, Ncmaulen, and to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from aforesaid

to Cooper s Corner, in the said County of Sussex; and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with some of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called JVlutebread Lane, was read a Second Time.

therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved\That the Dill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Petition from Ixmds and Houses, in the Parish of Subdeanry, without Subdeanry the Walls of the City of Chichester, was presented to j^nst the House, and read; Setting forth, That Subdeanry is a large Parish, as well within as without the Walls of the said City, and that without the Walls there is

Jcester t.ad Bill ported.

Resolved, That the Dill be committed to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this more than Five Miles public Road repaired by the ' Afternoon, at I’ive of the Clock, in the Speakers Parish, besides a Turnpike Road, to which it pays Chamber. a Composition of Twenty Pounds, but that within the Walls there is not more than Half a Mile which The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, the Parish repairs, and a Sixpenny Rate upon all the to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping Property within the Parish amounts to £. 144. 6s. of Vo u 4*6. which

ST2

1° Aprilis.

A. 1791.

which Sum j£.§6. 14s. is raised within the Walls; throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

and that the Petitioners are informed a Petition is intended to be presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving the City of Chichester, by which, in order to make it lighter upon the Owners of Lands and Houses within the Walls, it is intended to sink the present Highway Tax of Sixpence in the

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, Birdham Pound upon that Part of the Parish, with a Portion of to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing that Part inclosure Bill the Statute Duty, and impose a Nine-penny Paving of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, reported.

Rate in its Stead, leaving the Property without the in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Walls to sustain the whole Burthen of keeping the Birdham, in the same County, commonly called or Roads there in Repair, and paying the said Composi- known by the Name of Birdham Common, was com* tion (except a small Portion of Statute Work) which mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found the Petitioners conceive could not be done in the that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Manner required by Law, and as it now is, with much, April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been

if any, less than an Eighteen-penny Rate upon such complied with; and that the Committee had exa-

Property, an additional and perpetual Burthen, equal mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same

to the Land Tax in Chichester, without the smallest to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given

Benefit or Convenience to be derived to such Pro- their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the perty from the Occasion of it: And therefore praying Committee (except the Owners of Estates, assessed to the House to take the Premises into Consideration, the Land Tax at £. 12. 15s. 3 per Annum, who had and not to suffer the said intended Bill to pass into a not signified their Consent to the Bill; and that the Law, so as to make the proposed, or any, Alteration Estates of the Proprietors who are consenting to the in respect of the Highway Tax, or otherwise to affect Bill are assessed to the Land Tax at £,116. 185. 8 Property without the Walls of Chichester, and that the per Annum', and that no Person appeared before the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, and other- Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Corn-wise. mittec had gone through the Bill, and made several

Petition from A Petition of the Citizens and Inhabitants of the Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, was also to report to the House; and he read the Report in his presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the the City of Chichester is a Place of very small Traf- Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the sick, and greatly burthened with Poor, for the Support Amendments were Once read throughout; and then of whom the Inhabitants are all rated at Rack Rents, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question and the Petitioners are informed, a Petition is now severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, before the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be better paving and repairing the Streets of the said ingrossed.

City; and that an Act of the Eighteenth of Elizabeth

is now in being, which the Petitioners conceive, if put Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, Westwitter-

in Force, is fully adequate for all the necessary Pur- to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing that Part ingand

poses, and, if the present prayed-for Bill be suffered of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, to pass into a Law, it will augment their already in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of rjported. '

heavy Burthens, and very much distress, impoverish, in the same County, commonly called

and, the Petitioners fear, bring on the total ltuin of a or known by the Name of Common;

great many of the Inhabitants of the said City, who and also a certain other Open Waste or Common, can now but barely subsist, but who must then be called Cackham Green, in the same Parish, was corn-necessitated to claim Relief of the Poor House, or be mitted'; That the Committee had examined, and found driven to seek a Subsistence in other less burthened that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th Places: And therefore imploring the Assistance of the of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been

House for the Prevention of so unnecessary, ruinous, complied with; and that the Committee had examined

ftiaP

iiju*

Chichester against the Chichester Paving Bill.

zmn flits to m to

Ui ay

Mflbon kress Acftun; U Ave Frxs 0 f-.’iin 11

isal, Q kbc

N't?.

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the

and destructive a Measure, and that the House would reject the prayed-for Bill in all its Forms, and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, and otherwise.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Land Tax at £.36. os. 3d. per Annum, who have lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a refused, or have not signified, their Consent to the Second Time; and the Petitioners are to he Bill; and that the Estates of the Proprietors who are then heard, by their Counsel, against the said consenting to the Bill are assessed to the Land Tax at Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit. £.139. 195. 6d.; and that no Person appeared before

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Com-the same 'Lime, in Favour of the said Bill, against the mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several said Petitions. Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

upon Thursday Morning next. Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Thames and Mr. Laceden reported from the Committee, to whom Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Severn Canal the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

Company’s Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to borrow a fur- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Bill reported. ther Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be was committed; That the Committee had examined ingrossed. the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

true; and that the Committee had gone through the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Smith's Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith, Esquire, Estale Bl11

-liry

Sir,

!k»

tea

&‘rui 'HI I

they had directed him to report to the House; and deceased, to accept a Conveyance of divers Heredi-he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards deli- taments in the Parish of Reigate, in the County of vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Surrey, and an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of Twenty-five Table: Where the Amendments were Once read Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Mount

Bures,

committed.

31 Geo. III.

1° April',s.

373

Militia Pay Bill pasted.

Bures, in the County of Essex, and a YearW Rent of betwixt the Two Kingdoms entirely removed; and Thirty Pounds, Part of an Annual or Pee Farm Rent that, independent ot' the Distress apprehended from of Forty Pounds, reserved out o^ or for, the Manor the said Clauses to their Manufactures and Commerce, of Heddington, with the Hundred of BiHlingdon, in the and the Danger of Scarcity and Popular Commotions,

County of Oxford, in Exchange for the several Ma- the Petitioners beg Leave to represent, that subjecting nors of Knowle, Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the their Part of the United Kingdom to a separate Rcgu*

County of Kent, and divers Hereditaments in the se- lation respecting Oats or Oat-ineal, especially when vcral Parishes of Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the it is, considered that such Regulation must have the said County of Kent, and to convey tire last mentioned Effect to raise the Price of it in Scotland above that of Hereditaments accordingly, was read a Second Time. England, is not only subversive of the Right which Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry every Subject of Britain has to the Enjoyment of equal Hobart, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Laws in Matters of Trade and Commerce, but may Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s be drawn into a Precedent to justify a partial Tax of Chamber. the Raw Materials of our Manufactures, to which

Grain and all Kinds of Provisions are precisely similar.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the or any other Commodity in particular Districts of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Kingdom, altogether irreconcileable to the Rules of Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Justice and sound Policy: And therefore praying the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hun- House to allow the Petitioners to be heard, by Coun-dred and Ninety-one, was read the Third Time. scl, against the said Bill, and to afford such Relief in

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Premises as to the House shall seem proper, be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty- to whom the said Bill is again re-committed; and fifth Day of March One thousand Seveu hundred and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before Ninety-one. the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the think lit.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Petitions

Houst resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, habitants, and Manufacturers, residing in or near the Cau

Accaunuof ^atan humble Address be presented ,to His Majesty, Town of Stafford, in the County of Stafford\ whose 1 *

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Burgesses, of the Borough in the County of

House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. Staffordin Common Council assembled: And also, Birmingham

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, principal In- and Nor

l*c, &c, Neg.

the Average ^iat be graciously pleased to give Directions

Prices of that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the

Grain in Ire- Accounts received by the Committee of Privy Coun-

land, Que- tj| appointed for the Consideration of all Matters

relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, of the

Average Prices of Grain in Ireland, in the Province of Quebec, the United States of America, and the Continent of Europe, and the Amount of the Freight and other Expences of transporting the same from each of the said Countries to the several Ports in Great It passed in the Negative.

Petition from the Trades House of Glasgow against the Corn Regulation Bill.

A Petition of the Trades House of Glasgow was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; and Setting forth, That the same

Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Wanvick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of the Quantities of Corn and Grain, which Corn jm* have been imported from Ireland into Great Britain P°^rtejn contains Clauses depriving them of the Privilege of during the last Ten Years, ending with 1789, and fromandto regulating Importation by the Prices in each County distinguishing each Sort of Com, ana each Year. Ireland, or-

separately and distinctly by itself, and, at the same Ordered, That there be laid before thi9 House, an dered. Time, continuing a Discrimination between the Two Account of the Quantities of Com and Grain, which Kingdoms in the Article of Oat-meal (a Matter of have been exported from Great Britain to Ireland, the highest Importance to the People of Scotland) during the last Ten Years, ending with 1789, distin-equally subversive of the Meaning and Spirit of the guishing each Sort of Corn, and each Year.

Union, and of their Rights as British Subjects, as

contrary to Justice and sound Policy: That the Privi- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Earl Com-

lege granted by the Corn Law at present in Force, of Copy of a Commission, or Commissions, or other In- wallis’»Com-regulating the Importation by the Prices in each strument, appointing Earl Cornwallis Governor Ge- cr*

neral and Commander in Chief in The East Indies.

County separately, has been attended with the most beneficial Consequences, has been proved, not only by the Establishment and rapid Improvement of several valuable Branches of Manufacture in the W'est of Scotland, which give Bread to some Hundred Thousands of industrious People, for whose Subsistence Importation is always necessary, but also by a correspondent Improvement in Agriculture, and Rise in the Rent and or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law Value of Land, to all which, as well as to the Peace subject.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to °n Catholi* relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, y^s*ntei* Persons called Protesting Catholic Dissenters, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists,

and Quiet of the Country, the Petitioners are apprehensive of the most serious Consequences, if the District in which they are classed be not as much confined in Point of Extent as possible, and every Discrimination

Vo l.46.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Beauchamp took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

5 C The

1° — 4° A prills.

A. 1791.

Cathqlic

Dissenters

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be now received.

The Lord Beauchamp accordingly reported from «... . the said Committee, the Amendments which the

i repor e . £on)mjttee ha(j mac|e to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

51-

3*.

Counsel heard on further considering-Report of Bir-

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, mioghamaml the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Worcester communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester', was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

Canal hill.

(Mr. Lygon,

\Mr. Wig ley: fMr. Baker,

\Mr. Sargent:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Amendments were accordingly severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply d«-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred* House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved\That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^Ieans de* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Morning

next, Ten of the Clock.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

m.

And the said Report was again read.

And the Petition of Sir Thomas Gooch, Baronet; and also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Manufacturers of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of the several Persons w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands and Estates, through or near which a new Canal Navigation is intended to

Luna, 4* die Jprilis;

Anno 31° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That, pur- Mr. Speaker suant to their Order to him on the 25th Day acquaints of March last, he had, upon the 31st Day of the said th<‘f,no*e’ Month of March, signified, by Writing, to the United tied to Company of Merchants of England trading to The tlil East East Indies, the Resolution of this House the said

be paid off on 31st March 1794-

be made, from or near the Town of Birmingham, to 25th Day of March last, " That the Capital Stuck, communicate with the River Secern at or near Wor-

cester; and also, the First of the Petitions of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Occupiers of Water Mills, and other Works, upon the several Rivers, Brooks, Streams, and Rivulets, lying between the Town of Birmingham and the City of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and also, the Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Coal Mines lying upon and near to the Line of the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Principal Inhabitants of Stourport, in the County of Worcester; and also, the Petition of the several Owners of Vessels, Barge-masters, Carriers, and others, Traders upon the River Severn, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of the Dudley and Stourbridge Canal Navigations, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Al- 1 legations of the said Petitions, and w ent through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to m ithdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

" Debt, or Sum of £.4,200,000, and all Arrears of from the " Annuity payable in respect thereof, due from the Public to " Public to the United Company of Merchants of them would " England trading to The East Indies, will be re- *"

" deemed, and paid off, on the 31st Day of March " 1794, agreeable to the Power of Redemption contained in an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act for establishing an Agreement with the United " Company of Merchants of England trading to The " East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of Four " hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Pub- " lie, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims " and Demands of the Public, from the Time the "Bond Debt of the said Company was reduced to " One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, until " the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-one, in respect of the Territorial Acquisidons and Revenues lately obtained in The East " Indies; and also for securing to the Public in respect " thereof, for a Term therein mentioned, a certain " Part or Propordon of the clear Revenues and Profits " of the said Company; and for granting to the said " Company, for a further Term, the sole and exclusive " Trade to and from The East Indies, and Limits " therein mentioned; and for establishing certain

establishing

" Regulations for the better Management of the " Affairs of the said Company, as well in as in

" Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the " said Company."

The said Notice is as followeth; viz.

" A Resolution

31 Geo. III.

4° Aprrf

375

A Resolution and Order of the House of Commons,

Eencris, 25* dieMurtii, 1791.

Resolved, That Notice be given. That the Capital Stock, Debt, or Sum of £.4,200,000, and all Arrears of Annuity payable in respect thereof, due from the Public to the United Company of Merchants of Eft"- Montague:

Ordered, That the said Henry Berkeley Portman, Esquire, have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

xmd trading to The FAist Ind, will be redeemed, and paid of!', on the 31st Day of March 1704, agreeable to the Power of Redemption contained in an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of " England trailing to The East Indies, for the Payment " of the Sum of l our hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Public,

" from the Time the Pond Debt of the said Compuny was reduced to One Million Five hundred " Thousand Pounds, until the First Day of March " One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, in " respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in The East Indies; and also " for securing to the Public in respect thereof, for a " Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Pro-"portion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the " said Company; and for granting to the said Company, for a further Term, the sole and exclusive Trade to and from The East Indies, and Limits " therein mentioned; and for establishing certain " Rcudations for the better Management of the " Allaics at the said Company, as well in India as in " Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the " said Company."

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do, on the 31st Day of March 1701, signify, by Writing, to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to The East Indies, the said Resolution of this House.

Which Resolution and Order, thus signified by me to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, are to be

Paving Bit).

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Half or d and The Lords

have agietd

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An St. Pancras Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering,

" and watching the Streets, and other Public Places,

" within such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in " tltc County of Middlesex, as lies on the West Side " of Tottenham Court Road, and for preventing Nuisauces and Obstructions therein, and for obliging of the Trustees for the Care of the said Road, to " pave, repair, and cleanse such Part of the said Road " as is therein described," without any Amendment:

And also,

'1’he Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of or belonging to Thomas Staunton, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Essex,

Suffolk, and Buckingham,in Trustees, to be sold, and for

applying the Money to arise therefrom in such Manner as therein is mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have passed Staunton’s Estate Bill.

The Lord ITmchingbrool: presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for dividing, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of AIcon bury with (Vest on, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the

Alconbury Inclosure Bill presented.

sufficient Notice of the Re-payment of the said Petition ot' George Tierney, Esquire, complaining of an

Colchester

Election

determined.

Capital Stock, Debt, or Sum of £. 4,200,000, and all Arrears of Annuity payable in respect thereof, due from the Public to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies.

Henry,

Speaker.

To the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The

O O

Hast Indies.

Report from Ludn ersfiall Election Committee,

respecting tre Jmlfopo-lioo of Mr. PorUDaw.

Mr. Phclips reported from the appointed to try and determine the

Select Committee Merits of the Pe-

tion of John Drummond and Robert Drummond, Es-

quires; and also, the Petition the several Persons

undue Election and Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That George Jackson, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the Couoty of Essex:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Robert Thornton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said George Tierney, Esquire, so far as respects the said George Jackson, Esquire, did w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, being legal appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous and Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for tl;e vexations:

Borough of Ludgersh all,in the County of seve-

rally complaining of an undue Election and Reiurn for the said Borough, That the said Committee met this Morning at Eleven of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of Saturday last; when the Members of the said Committee being all met, Henry Berke-

ley Portman, Esquire, One of the said Members, informed the said Committee, that he was very much indisposed, anrl unable at that time to attend his Duty on the said Committee; whereupon the said Select Committed adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the House being informed that Mr. Boys, Surgeon and Af>othecary, attended at the Door, who could give the House Information respecting the State of Mr. Port-man’s Health; he was called in; , at the Bar, examined upon Oath in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Vo 1. 46.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said George Tierney, Esquire, so far as respects the said Robert Thornton, Esquire, did appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous and vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said George Jackson, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Robert Thornton, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House,

Mr.

376

4® Aprilis.

A. 1791.

Bowes Road Bill pre. Muted.

Mr. John Robinson presented to the House, ac- on Foreign Corn imported, mid of the Bounty on British

cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Corn exported, is again re-Committed.

Powers of Two Acts, of the Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of-His present Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according Oddington Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain yjj County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the Open Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other County of Westmorland, and for repairing and widen- Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor ing the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and and Parish of in the County of Oxford:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works at Taylor Rigg, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts, and also the Road from Barrow's Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties, and also from Tan Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks and Punchat

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An choiseol*

Pasture West Gate, to Wham Lane Head, and by Lilly Act for naturalizing Jean Baptiste Armand de Nat. Bill

Jocks to Reeth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition from A Petition of th? Merchants, Traders, Manufac-Maacb^er turers, and others, of the Towns of Manchester and respecting Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Corn Re- Neighbourhood thereof, was^ presented to the House, gulation Bill, and Rate

called Marquis de Choiseul, was read a Second con,mitte<,‘ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Watson presented to the House, accord- Pawn-read; Setting forth, That any Advance of the ing to Order, a Bill to make perpetual an Act, passed in broker's Bill: at which Corn is now allowed to be imported the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Pre*eDtfd; at the Low Duties would be extremely injurious to Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the the trading Interest of this Country, and would tend " Trade or Business of PawnbrokersAnd the same much to raise the present high Price of Provisions, was received; and read the First Time, and enhance the Value of Labour; and that the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Warehousing of Corn at the different Ports of this

Kingdom, and particularly at Liverpool, as heretofore Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart be added to the Member allowed, is essentially necessary for the Purpose of Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring added to possessing a Supply to provide for Times of Scarcity a Bill, pursuant to the^ Prayer of the Petition of the for the labouring Poor of this Country, and that, Right honourable John Karl of Buckinghamshire, and gM„ Bilk without such Privilege, no Supply can be depended ^he humble Petition of Charles Anderson Pelham, Es-upon at any Time, as the Fear of Com heating, or quire, and Everard Buckworth Herne, Esquire, Lords being otherwise damaged, before it could arrive in of the several Manors of Cedney other Countries after being consigned to this, would by, Gedney Abbott, and Gedney within the

totally deter any Person from venturing to send it Parish of Gedney, in the County of Lincoln, and of here; and that the abolishing the Privilege of Ware- the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto housing Com would be injurious to the Trade of this subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Pro-Kingdom, as it would deprive the Manufacturers of prietors of Messuages and Toitsteads in the said Manors one of the great Securities they have hitherto posses- and Parish, sed for the Property they trust Abroad, and the British Shipping would lose a considerable Share of the Carrying Trade which it has had by bringing the Corn to this Country, and conveying it again to others, to the certain Emolument of the British Merchants; and that it is desirable that the Time hitherto allowed for the Importation of Corn at the Low Duties, should be extended from Three to lour Months, as, even in case of Famine, it would be often impossible to obtain an adequate Provision in Three Months from other Countries, particularly from North America, whence the chief Supply must be derived; and that the declaring the Ports open for Ex-

h

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according Gedney Into Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common closure Bill Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the presented. Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, Dean and to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Chapter of An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canter- Canterbury, bury and Thomas Glutton to grant Building leases, j

A fm l \ 4 l< A. 7 J__ *

portation of Corn on Bounty or Importation at the pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Pur- and passed.

Low Duties, from the Average of all the Ports of England, is not in the Opinion of the Petitioners so proper as the Plan of each District regulating these Circumstances from the State of its own Ports, as the Average in the former Case would always be against the manufacturing County of Lancaster', where there is by no Means a sufficient Quantity of Corn raised for its own Consumption; and that the Petitioners conceive that, from the Increase of Population and Luxury, and the Extension of Commerce and Manufactories, which have occasioned a larger Consumption of all the Necessaries of Life, this Country cannot raise Corn sufficient for its own Support: They therefore rely on the Justice of the House, and trust for such Security against a Probability of Scarcity as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the

25th

pose, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and Inclosure Bill

ing, certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor reP°rte and Township of Christleton, in the County of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined,

31 Geo. III.

4° Aprilis.

377

s t

re-

v* i

B.,

< e:

25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates who claim a Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, of the Annual Value of £. 45. 2 s. o who were against the Bill; and that the Estates of the Proprietors who are consenting to the Bill are of the Annual Value of £.2,001. is. o and that no

Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping alctster in Repair, the Road leading from the Alcester and Road Bill Evesham Turnpike Road at the End of Lane, passed*

in the County of Wancick, to and from thence to Upton Old Lane, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Alcester and Evesham Turnpike Road at the End of Wixford Lane, in the County of Warwick, to Chipping Campden, and from thence to Upton Old Lane, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voices to Committee to whom the Bill for vesting in James Committee Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, ®" ^.£ur" the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour uers 1 of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a Time to be limited, is committed.

Stourbridge Police Bill committed.

e

A-

Doppa's

(Senior) Name Bill presented.

A Bill for lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Ordered, That Mr. Owen be added to the Gentlemen Member Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the added to the Township of Stourbridge, in die Parish of Old Swin- better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging 10

ford, in the County of Worcester, and for removing and to the several Parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, Baschurch, preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances and Horsley, and to the several Chapelries Or Districts Bili. therein, was read a Second Time. of Hadnal, otherwise Ease, and Little Ness, in

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, the County of Salop.

Mr. Edward Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Mr. Owen presented to the House, according to Or- Ellesmere, Chamber. der, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor

Poor, belonging to the several Parishes of Ellesmere, ^tepdre’

Sir Francis Basset presented to the House, according MiddleBaschurch, and Horsley, and to the several Cha- *en e to Order, a Bill to enable Baldwin Hancorn, Esquire, pelries or Districts of Hadnal, otherwise Hadnal Ease,

and his first and other Sons, and their Issue Male, and Little Ness, in the County of Salop: And the same

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

York Petition A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City

in favour of* of York, was presented to the House, and read; Taking T«x on Dogs. js, T0tice Gf Application for a Tax upon Persons keeping

Dogs, to be applied in Aid of the Poor’s Rates: And

A Bill for building a new Church in the Town of Wakefield Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for providing a proper Burial Ground, and making Provision for a Minister to officiate at the said Church, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet

recommending such a Tax to the Consideration of the this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s House. _ Chamber,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Buckingham County Writ.

Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee who Report ex -were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or Plnn2 Law,‘ near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had

.Parliament for the County of Buckingham, in the room enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolu-of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Verncy, in the King- '' 1 ’ ‘ ‘ *- *'

dom of Ireland, deceased.

Stirling, In-oerkeithing, Ac. Writ.

tions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Stirling, Inner- That an Act, made in the twentyninth Year of the kdthing, Dunfermline, Queen ferry, and Culross, in the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, room of Sir Archibald Campbell, Knight of the most intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon cer-Honourable Order of the Bath, deceased. " tain Species of British and Irish Linens exported,

" and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Committee Ordered, That the Select Committee, who are ap- " Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax," which

ppointedto pointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination of said Act was by Two other Acts, made in the Tenth

and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Ma-

Mtsesre- suc^ Witnesses as shall be ordered by the House to . spec ting the attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom Slave Trade, it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade, to adjourn have Power to adjourn from Place to Place, as they " shall think fie.

Vol.46.

jesty, extended and continued until the 24th Day of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by Two other Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth

5 D Years

378

4® Aprilisi A. 1791.

Yean of His present Majesty’s Reigh, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1790, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Is near expiring, and lit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebeein America for a limited Time," which was to

continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1764 for foe Term of One Year, and from thence to the End of foe then next Session of Parliament, and which was by Four Acts, made in the Sixth, Thirteenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 24th Day of June 1790, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. '

Resolved, That it is foe Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing " a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign rough Hemp exported," which was to be in Force from the 1st Day of July 1766 during the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of foe then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the Term of Three Years, and which by another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Termof Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by another Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for foe Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so for as the same relates to allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of JSrjVwA-niade Cordage, and which by another Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived, amended, and forther continued, for the further Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the further Support and Encouragement of the " Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Da-0 vis's StreighU," which was to be in Force for Five

Years, from the 25th Day of December 1786, and also so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating " the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale " Fisheries," as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into " this Kingdom, for a limited Time," which was to continue io Force from the 20th Day of 1775, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by Two other Acts, made in the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until foe 20 th Day of June 1790, and from thence to the End of foe then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act to " explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and " Utensils, an Act, made in foe Twenty-fifth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign " Parts of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the " Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and " to prevent the seducing of Artificers, or Workmen,

" employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts " beyond foe Seas," which was to be in Force until the End of foe then next Session of Parliament, and which by Four Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until foe Ena of this present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Resolutions of the - Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The Second and Sixth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Second and Sixth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do pre* pare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Darly Moor passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Road Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from corumitte<I. Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Dei'by and Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitfot'd, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, at- Seizures of tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the £orn» £,rmn» Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their ^'d"pr^ot' Order, seoted.

An Account of all Seizures, made by the Officers of foe Customs in Scotland, of Com, Grain, &c. attempted to be exported or imported contrary to Law, with the Names of the Vessels seized, where destined, or from whence they came, for the last Twelve Years, ending Christmas 1790; distinguishing such Seizures as have been prosecuted to Condemnation, and such as have been restored.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tuble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers-of this Session.

The House beiDg informed that Mr. Pearson, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at foe Door; m

be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the ^erjan<j House, pursuant to their Orders, preseuted.

An Account of the Quantities of Com and Grain that have been imported from Ireland into Great Britain during the last Ten Years, ending with 1789, and 6 distinguishing

31 Geo. III.

4* Apri

379

distinguishing each Sort of Coro, and each Year: Arid also,

Account of An Account of the Quantities of Corn and Grain Com export- which have been exported from Great Britain to /reed to Ireland /g#/ during the last Ten Years, ending with i 789, dis-presenie . Anguishing each Sort of Corn, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn im-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Exports to Russia from Great Britain, Exports to from the 5th of January 1789 to the 5th of January i 790, or"

distinguishing British from Foreigd Goods.

Ordered \That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Value of the Imports into Great Britain Value of Im* from Russia during the last Five Years, arid of the'

Exports from Great Britain to Russia during the same toRuuia Period. ordered.

Copy of Earl Cornwallis's Commissions presented.

A

A Petition of Joseph was presented to the Mr. Fowkf*

ported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, is House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner Petition, again re-committed. was first entertained by the East India Company, on

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the their Civil List of Covenanted Servants, upon the other Papers of this Session. Madras Establishment, about Fifty-five Years since,

and after having served Sixteen Years, as be hopes,

The House being informed that Mr. Morten, from the with the Approbation of his Employers, the Company Directors of the East India Company, attended at the appointed him to a Seat in Council, which the Governor Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented td and Council thought proper to conceal from the the House, pursuant to their Order, Petitioner: That the Petitioner having by Accident

A Paper, intituled, " Copy Commissions appointing come to the Knowledge of this strong Act of Injustice,

<( Earl Cornwallis Governor General and Commander and failing in his Application to be received at the " in Chief in The East Indies" Council Board, he very soon after took his Leave of

And then be withdrew. India, and embarked for England, from whence, after

And the Title of the said Paper was read. a Residence of some Years, he returned with the Com-

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, pany’s Permission in the Character of a private Mer-to be perused by the Members of the House. chant, and was again taken into their Service in 1778,

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other upon the Bengal Establishment, in the Rank of youngest Papers of this Session. Senior Merchant, not to rise higher; but, not being

able to find Employment, the Petitioner in the Begin- Mr. Ryder presented to the House, by His Majesty’s ning of the Year 1788 quitted , with a Recom-

CWee/and Command, mendation of him from Earl Cornwallis, Governor Ge-

Freight of N° 1. Information received by the Lords of the neral in Council, to the Court of Directors, as a Per-Com; and Committee of Privy Council for Trade from Mr. son entitled to receive the Pension promised to their Claude Scott, relative to the Charges and Freight of Servants returning from Bengal out of Employ; That Cora carried Coastwise from the East Coast of England the Petitioner, relying too securely on the Faith of sa to Lancashire, and also of Cora exported from the solemn a Promise, laid Claim to the same, in a Letter

Information relative to

Account of Corn Warehoused, presented.

And

United States of America to different Countries also,

N° 2. Information received by the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade from Mr. Claude Scott, relative to the Charges and Freight of Cora to and from different Countries: And also,

N° 3. Information received by the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade from Mr. Claude Scott, relative to the Charges and Freight of Corn to and from different Countries, or carried Coastwise, to and from the several Ports of this Kingdom: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of Corn and Grain Warehoused, and takeu out for Home Consumption, during the last Eighteen Years, so far as the Account has been received.

Together with a List of the said Papers and Account. And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Cora, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Cora exported, is again re-committed.

The said Papers and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an arrived from Account of the Number of the Vessels, with their awl cleared Tonnage, which have arrived from Russia in the several out to Russia Ports of Great Britain; and also of the Vessels, with their Tonnage, which have cleared out from Great Britain to Russia during the last Ten Years, distinguishing the British from the Foreign.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Articles imported from Russia into Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1789 to the 5th of January 1700.

Vol. 46.

Account of

Vessels

ordered.

Account of Articles imported from Russia ordered.

addressed to the Court of Directors, dated the 14th of October 1788, and followed it by a Remonstrance, stating his Case more at large, dated the 15th of December 1789, whereof the following is a Copy: — " I have received a Letter from Mr. Secretary Morton of the 27th of last Month, wherein be tells me, " that be is ordered by the Court of Directors to acquaint me, that they do not consider me as coming under the Description of Persons, entitled by their Orders " to receive Pensions, and that therefore my Request " cannot be complied with; but that they have agreed " to my returning to my Rank in the Company’s Service in Bengal, by One of the Ships of this Season." " In Answer to this Notification of your Pleasure, I " can only plead that I have done ail that could be " required of me to establish my Claim to the Pension " I petitioned for near Fourteen Months ago. By " your Letter of the 2 ist of September 1785, you au-u thorized the Government of Bengal to signify to your " Servants out of Employment, that they had your " Permission with their first Convenience to return to " Great Britain, where they should enjoy certain Annuities, according to their respective Ranks, on certain Terms and Conditions described in the same ‘‘ Letter, till the Time they should again be put into " Employment. You declared that your final Deter* " mination was, that a Senior Merchant, whose Fortune was not equal to £. str. 10,000, should receive " from you as much as with the Interest of his own " Money should yield him an Annuity of £. str. 400 " per Annum. The Case so described and provided " for by yourselves was precisely mine. I was out of " Employment in India. Your Permission to return " to Great Britain was signified to me by the Governor General in Council. In their Letter to you of " the 12th January 1788, they said, " we have perrrtitted Mr. Joseph I'oeoke to return to Europe on the Subsisteoce allowed in your General Letter of the 21st

"of

380

4° Apri.

A. 179L

" of September 1785, to Servants of his Rank." On my " Arrival in England I applied to you for the Performance of your own solemn Engagement to your " Servants abroad, on the Faith of which I quitted " Bengal, in the Seventy-second Year of my Age. I " complied with the Condition prescribed to me by " yourselves, to entitle me to the Pension allotted to a Senior Merchant; X laid before you an Inventory " of my little remaining Fortune upon Oath, and I " am now at the End of Thirteen Months informed " by your Authority, that you do not consider me as " coming under the Description of Persons entitled " by your Orders to receive Pensions. The Reasons, if there be any, for this Decision, are withheld from " me. Standing the refore oh the clear and unquestionable Justice of the Case, made out and established in your own Terms, I must and do presume, that no Reasons, (not external to the Case itself) can be assigned for refusing my Claim. Jf I were aware " of any, I would endeavour to answer, or I should " certainly submit to them. When I entreated the " Favour of you, on the 29th of December 1788, to be " permitted to return to my Rank in your Service in " India, I was not heard; my Constitution then gave " me a Chance, and barely a Chance, of performing *another India Voyage; at present my debilitated " State of Health makes it impossible for me to think " of it; so that I cannot be benefited by your Per- mission of returning to my Rank in the Company’s " Service by One of the Ships of this Season. Thus " your rejecting my Claim of a Pension may be considered as a total Dismission of me from your Ser- vice. But Deprivation of my Pension, or Dismission " from your Service, are not the only Points on which " I appeal to your Justice. You have hurt my Credit as a Merchant, by having obliged me, near Thirteen Months since, to deliver upon Oath an " Inventory of my Effects, which revealed my straitened Circumstances to the World, by which Knowledge, if the Bitterness of my Misfortunes should u ever force me again Abroad, People might become " shy of taking my Bills on , and apply to

" others, whereby I should be totally excluded from M the Diamond Trade, should it ever become Free: " What that Loss might be to me is not easy to esti-M mate, but it would be all I should have to lose. " If it were ever so inconsiderable, you had no Rigfit " to force me to declare myself a Pauper, unless you " were resolved to relieve me. In plain Sense and " common Justice, an Enquiry into my Circumstances could not possibly precede a Resolution to " deny the Pension attached by yourselves to such " Circumstances as mine. It was naturally the last " Thing to be done in order to fix the Amount of an *? Allowance which the Enquiry itself admitted to be u due to me to some Amount or other, in Proportion " to the Remnant of my Fortune; in any other View " the Enquiry was useless to you, and could only " operate as an Injury to me. By a Reliance on the w Good Faith of the Court of Directors, I have been " cruelly misled to make a long Voyage of Eight Months, in a very advanced Age, and at an Expence " of full £. 700, to resign all Expectations of itn-proving my Fortune from your Service, or my own " Industry; I have been kept in Suspense for near " Sixteen Months, at the Expiration of which, I am " told I may return to the Place from whence I came; " without the smallest Consideration for my Expences " out, my Expences home, my Expences in England, " or for the Anguish of Disappointment. I am told " to return to Calcutta, only to receive there what is " refused to be paid me here, with a Violation of your " Promise. My Father served you Fifty Years with " Fidelity, without once quitting his Station; and it " is now Fifty-three Years since I first entered your " Service. I am now in the 74th Year of my Age,

" and, after the personal Calamity which has lately " fallen upon me, I cannot expect that Life should " last much longer; yet even in this hopeless State,

" after being so deeply wounded by your unmerited " Severity, I mean not to solicit your Compassion; I " mean only to satisfy you that your Justice cannot " long be a Burthen to you." — And that the Petitioner, having thus laid before the House the simplest Relation possible of his Sufferings, humbly submits himself to their Justice, to grant him such Relief as to their Wisdom shall seem best.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burke, Mr. Baker, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants and Inhabitants of Petition from Liverpool, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was LiverP°°l presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, thTcorn8R*-That the Petitioners conceive, the making any Alte- guiation CiU. ration in the Import Prices at which Foreign Corn hath heretofore been admitted, is inexpedient and unnecessary, and that the Admission of Com from Ireland, and His Majesty’s Colonies in America, at lower Average Prices than from Foreign Parts, will produce so much Uncertainty with respect to the Necessity for Supplies of Corn from Foreign Parts, as must deter every prudent Merchant from attempting to introduce such Supplies into this Country in Time to provide for its Wants, and it would be more expedient that a . Preference be given to Ireland and His Majesty’s Colonies in America, by imposing a greater Duty on Corn from Foreign Parts than from those Places; and that the Liberty heretofore allowed of Warehousing Foreign Com, when not importable at the Low Duties, is, as the Petitioners conceive, a Measure essential to the Existence of the Com Trade, and, without such Provision, great Quantities of Foreign Corn destined for this Kingdom, and which frequently arrive in a heated State, must be entirely ruined before they can reach any other Kingdom, and the Contingency of so much Risque would effectually discourage the Attempt to draw Supplies of Com from Foreign Countries, and that thereby the Resources, which this Kingdom hath hitherto enjoyed in Times of Scarcity, would be entirely lost; and that it would tend much to render this Kingdom a Granary for Foreign Corn, and to increase the Security of Remittarfces from Abroad to the British Manufacturer, if Foreign Corn, having paid the Duty, was continued under the King’s Lock, deliverable at any Time afterwards for Home Consumption, or for Exportation with a Drawback of the Duty, and it would further promote that desirable End, if such Corn was Warehoused at the Public Expence, the Importer to fix upon his own Warehouse, and to be allowed a certain Rate per Quarter for the Rent:

And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, is again re-committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself Committee into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Re*

further of the Bill for regulating the Importation and jj^nre-com-Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on mined hill. Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

31 Geo. III.

4° — 5° — 6° An

Bank Divi* dends Hill deferred.

Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment of Oftendeis deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Mr. Brams ton took the Clmir of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Pill; and that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit met in.

JiWat/, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Thursday lust, for reading the Third Time, upon that

38 J

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, end One hundred and Thirteen Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Twenty-five Members, then

Day Seven night, the ingrossed Bill for applying to the present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Public Service the Sum of £.500,000, out "of the And the Name of the Lord North being drawn, he Balance remaining in the Bank of England from Sums was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the

issued for the Payment of Dividends, on Account of the National Debt, and for securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next.

Tiie House was moved, That the Order made upon the 16th Day of March last, for taking into further Consideration, upon Thursday next, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation of the Places in which such Oillnders may be confined, was conmitted, might be read.

And the said Order Infing read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report he taken into further Consideration upon I WednesdaySuvcnnight, the 13 th

Day of this instant April.

The other Orders of the Day ;>eing read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ll ednesday Mom- w anted Fourteen Names to complete the List of Forty-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole nine Names to be delivered to the Counsel at the House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Bar;

His Majesty. Mr. Speaker adjourned the Order for taking the said

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Petitions into Consideration, till Tomorrow, Three of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the the Clock in the Afternoon, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker,

till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir William , Baronet* being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of'Seventy-six other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside, Nine on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Eleven against whose Election Petitions were depending; One as being a Petitioner, complaining of an undue Election and Return; live as then serving on Select Committees; Forty-nine on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees; and One on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the Names of all the Members of the House having been drawn from the Glasses, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House; and it appearing that there

Mercurii, 6* A prills;

Mart is, 5° die Aprilis; Anno 31* Georgii III,a Regis, 1791.

Anno 31* Georgii III’1* Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

Downton r| MIE Hour appointed for taking into Considera-Eleciinn Pc- X tion the Petition o Esquire;

t!V"ns c‘*n* and also, the Petition of yl

re ' Joseph Chinn, Edu ard Barter, Richard Edmunds, Thomas H'ornell, William Winter, and

Plaskett, Freeholders of the Borough of Dou nton, in the County of Wilts, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

Vo l. 46.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Cofisidera- Consideration the Petition of William Jl’rightson, Esquire; tionfDown-and also the Petition of Moses Boom, Joseph Jelly man,

Joseph Chinn, Edu ard Barter, Richard Edmunds, 'Thomas deferred.

Worncll, William Winter, Theophilus Lewis, and Henry Plaskett, Freeholders of the Borough of in

the County of Wilts,complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being esme;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Ninety-four Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for g £ taking

382 T

A. 1791.

taking the said Petitions into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Half an Hour after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was ad journed by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 7° die Aprilis;

Anno 31* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1791.

Prayers.'

Down tou Election Petitions considered.

Downton

Election

Committee

appointed.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Willi Esquire;

and also, the Petition of Moses , Joseph JosephChinn, Edward Barter, Richard Edmunds, Thomas JVornell, William Winter, Theophilus and Henry

P la sleet t, Freeholders of the Borough of Downlon, in the County of Wilts, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Thirty-nine Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Eleven Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir William Young, Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

And the Names of Sixteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord North being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Twenty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Name of Sir Henry HogJiton, Baronet, was drawn, who having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Eighty-six other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Ten on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Twelve against whose Election Petitions were depending; Four as then serving on Select Committees; and Sixty on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete. Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

The Counsel and Agents being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence; together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen

Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir William Young, Baronet, and the Lord North, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Charles Bragge, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Grenville, the Right honourable William,

John Christian Cuneen, Esquire, Sir George Thomas, Baronet, Robert JVathin JVynne, Esquire, Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, AJorris Robinson, Esquire, the Honour- able George Fiillce Lyttelton, John Baring, Esquire,

Richard Rcmplb Johnstone, Esquire, Philip

Esquire, Richard Joseph Sulivan, Esquire, Sir William

Young, Baronet, the Lord Noi'th.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of William JVrightson, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of Moses Boom, Joseph Jellyman, Joseph Chinn,

Edward Barter, Richard Edmunds, Thomas JVomell,

William Winter, Theophilus Lewis, and Henry Plaskett,

Freeholders of the Borough of Downlon, in the County of Wilts,were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the

usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Dorchester the Petition of the Honourable Crop/ey Ashley; and flection l> also, the Petition of the several Persons w hose Names ^""esdcori* are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with die Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty-eight Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Twelve Members, then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Twelve other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Anstruth Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Twenty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty-six other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside;

Three on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Four against whose Election Petitions were depending; Five as then serving on Select Committees; and Twenty-four on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being 7 complete,

5T: ?*

31 Geo. 1IL 76 Ap383

complete, Lists of the said Karnes were delivered to the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Trafford’s

Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, Act to enable Dame , Widow and Relict

the Counsel and Agcrfts withdrew. of Sir Clement Trafford, Knight, deceased, to take and Amendment.

use the Surname of Southxcell, pursuant to the Will of ChoiMol’s Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Edu ard Southwell, Esquire* deceased, with an Amend-

K*t. Bill whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Con'4

reported, and ^ct for naturalizing Jean Baptiste Armand de Choiseul, currence of this House: And also,

called Marquis de Choiseul, was committed; That the The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, for establishing and confirming a certain Exchange have Pas*ed

and found the same to be true; and that the Committee agreed upon between his Grace the Archbishop of Archbishop

had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without York and William Markham, Esquire, of certain Lands ^c‘

any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the and Hereditaments of the said Archbishop, called mu. 8

Clerks Table. Beckey Grange, in the Parish of Abberford, in the County

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. of York, for certain Lands and Hereditaments of the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Day’s Estate Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to

Bill reported, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An and passed. ^ct for vesting the Bath Estate) situate in the Island of Barbadoes, and late belonging to Eduard Day, Esquire, deceased, together with the Stock and Effects upon or belonging to the some, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein expressed, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Tt» Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

kaw agreed Montagu:

to Mr. Speaker,

King’s Lynn The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (South Gate) for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Year Roads Bill. j.jjs present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads from the South Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton, borough, Stole Ferry, and in the County of

Norfolk', without any Amendment: And also,

King’s Lynn The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Borough of Lynn, into the

Parishes of Gey ton and G and to the Gate next

Hil/ington, on Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

Itow Roads The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An BilL Act for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers,

of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading into the Town of Ross,in the County of Hereford; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Streets or Highways within the said Town, and also certain small Pieces of Road communicating with the Roads comprized in the said Act; without any Amendment: And also*

Chapel on The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the Heath for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the

Road Bill. Eifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road

leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 46.

said William Markham, situate at Langthorne and Crake-hall, in the Parishes of Bedale and Hornby, or One of them, in the said County; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Ditto read. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ^e>'n,ng thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Borough of

Steyning, in the County of Sussex, was delivered in at Elector*, the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Steyning, had on the 24th Day of March 1791, Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, and Martin Lloyd, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, at the said Election, the Petitioners voted for the said Samuel Whitbread, who had a very large Majority of the real legal Voters of the said Borough, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, the Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, but that James Hope, the Constable and Returning Officer for the said Borough, contrary to his Duty as Returning Officer, admitted on the said Poll, for the said James Martin Lloyd, the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and rejected good and legal Votes, offered for the said Samuel Whitbread, and that thereby a colourable Majority was obtained in Favour of the said Janies Martin Lloyd, who was thereupon, by him the said James Hope, returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the real Electors of the said Borough, and in Violation of their Rights and Privileges: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, ana to grant to the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 28th Day of June next, at the same Time that the Petition of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time 011 which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Westminster the 25th Day of February last, for taking into Consi- F’et’1!ons f*‘ deration, To-fnorrow, the Petition of the several Per- j^gh^of1 sons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and deferred. Liberty of Westminster; and also, the Petition of several

Slave Trade deferred.

Orkney and Zetland Election Petitions deferred.

Newcastle under Lyme Election Petition deferred.

Horsham

Election

Petitions

deferred.

Plymouth

Election

Petition#

deferred.

384 V ApHUs. A. 1791.

several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City anil Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order he discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Thursday,the 30th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 21st Day of March last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday next, to consider further of the African Slave Trade, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night,the 18th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 21st Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday next, the Petition of Colonel Thomas Dundas’, and also, the Petition of Charles

Clerk to His Majesty’s Signet, Gilbert Meason, Esquire, of Rothiesholm, Captain Alexande of

Malcolm Laing, Esquire, Advocate, Sir Thomas Dundas, of Kerse, Baronet, and of Charles Dundas, Esquire, being Freeholders of the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Stewartry, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 21st Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, upon this Day Sevennight, the Petition of Thomas Fletcher and Clement Kynnersley, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Neu'castle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 17th Day of May next, at Half an Hour after Two of tire Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 21st Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday the 19th Day of this Instant April, the Petition of the Honourable William Gordon, commonly called Lord William Gordon, and James BaiUie, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being lawful Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of fJorslutm,in the County of Sussex, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might lie read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 24th Day of May next, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 21st Day of March last, for taking into Consider-

ation, upon Tuesday the 3d Day of May next, the Petition of John Macbride, Esquire; and also, the Petition of William Derby, Philip Moysey, Philip Moysey,

Junior, John Arthur Winne, William Ragland, Richard Jago Squire, John Hazt'ker, George KimCromwell, and

Edu ard Kingdom, all legal Freemen and Voters of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the same Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 26th Day of May next, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Honitorf the 21st Day of March last, for taking into Consider- ^le?tion ation, upon Thursday the 5th Day of May next, the Petition of James Fraser, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 31st Day of May next, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Quebec Bill the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal certain ^enw*-Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more " effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Com Rea«. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lat‘0D to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Impor- lerre ' tation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the -Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bunk Din* Monday last, for reading the Third Time, Tomorrow d®1* Bill Morning, the ingrossed Bill for applying to the Public defcrred* Service the Sum of £.500,000, out of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England from Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends, on Account of the National Debt, and for securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant April.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Dorchester returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the appoint said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un-struck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, and John A Esquire,

being

Tluunes and Severn Canal Company's Bill passed.

Handsworth Inclosure Bill poestd.

Livingstone and Glasgow Hoads Bill presented.

Petition against Mr. fl urod 's Bill.

31 Geo. Ili. 7° Aprilis. 385

being added, the samp was called over; and is as Administrators, arid Assigns, the sole Use and Property follows: of a certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, through-

Joseph Randyll Burch, Esquire, William Milles, out that Part of Great Britain called England, the

Esquire, the Right honourable Henry Dundas, John Dominion of IVaks, and Town of Bei'icick upon Tweed,

William Egerton, Esquire, Miles Barne, Esquire, for a Time to be limited; and Setting forth, That

William Praed, Esquire, Richard Slater Mines, Esquire, some of the Allegations contained in the said Rill,

Francis Aimeslcy, Esquire," Lieutenant Harry Burrard, arid which arc given as the Reasons to induce the Lord ViscOunt Downe of Wootton Basset, the Lord Legislature to extend the Term of the Patent granted

Vallelort, the Right honourable Thomas Steele, the to the said James Turner, are, as the Petitioners Earl of Wycombe, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, John apprehend, incorrect Statements of the Facts therein

Anstruther, Esquire. alledged; and that, if the Term of the said Patent

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select wa3 extended for the further Term therein mentioned.

Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of it would be highly prejudicial to the Petitioners, the Honourable Cropley Ashley; and also, of the Petition and ail others dealing in, and working up, Colours of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto throughout the Kingdom, and in many Respects be subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors injurious to the Public in general: And therefore of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may Manner. not pass, or that the Petitioners may have such other

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew. Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seetri Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers ap- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the pointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elec- Table until the Report be received from the Committee tions. to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the

Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel,

An ingross'ed Bill to enable the Company of against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation fit.

to borrow a further Sum of Money to complete the said Or That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at Navigation, was read the Third Time. the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title said Petition, be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to borrow Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an East India a further Sura of Money to complete the said Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India A°3d*Re-Navigation. Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, arid venue Ac_

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads counts or-to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, dered.

Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest of Handsworth, in the County of Stafford, was read the Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the Third Time. same.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Field, Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Handsworth, in the County of Stafford. > Orissa, and in Benares and Oude, distinguishing the

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, to the-Lords, and desire their Concurrence. and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifica-

tions, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and Sir James Steuart Denham presented to the House, the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Powers of several Acts, made for repairing the Roads Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shafts, to the City of same.

Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton to the Town Ordered, That there be laid before this House, of Strathaven, and for repairing and widening the Roads a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near of the Revenues of the East India Company in the Lochgate,to the Town of Strathaven; and for repairing Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from the several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Town of Airdrie, towards the City of Glasgow, through Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Village of Shettlestone,till it falls into the Great the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium for the Road from JMurie Hall to the suid City, and for Year 17^9-90, and of the Charges defrayed by the repairing the Road from the said Great Road, by said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares Drygate and White hill, to Camtyne, and for repairing and Oude; distinguishing the same under the re-

and widening several other Roads; and for building a spective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Theevesfoord, Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting

and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances ana the City of Glasgow:And the same was received; and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium for the said

read the First 'Lime. Year.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, thereuuto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the others, being Colouruien, Druggists, and Painters, Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of within the Cities of London and Westminster, was Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subs dy presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of , Land

the Bill for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years,

Vo l. 46. 5 F according

386 7° A priliA. 1791.

according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and the Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms or Licences, for the Year 1789-90, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and the Northern Circars; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil and Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of , and the

Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the 6ame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Anuual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the , Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Lapd Revenues, Customs, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1789-90, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges of those Presidencies respectively; and also, the Expences of the Presidency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, of the Island of Saint Helena, and of the Factory at Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimates of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th Day of April 1790 to the 1st Day of May 1791-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 30th Day of April 1790 to the 1st Day of May 1791*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the 30th Day of April 1790 to the 1st Day of May

179,« .

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a

General Abstract of the Estimates of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and , between the 30th Day of April 1790 and the 1st Day of May

»79>-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of ’the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India, between the 30th Day of April 17S9 and the 30th Day of April 1790, agreeable to the Orders of the 15th of September 1785 and the 31st of July 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the East India Company’s Affairs in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they stood at the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and the Factory of Canton, on the 30th Day of April

1790.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aa Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Year 1789-90.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance of Cash which remained in the Treasury of the East India Company on the 1st Day of March 1790, and of their Receipts and Payments in England, from the 1st Day of March 1790 to the 1st Day of March 1791; together with an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments from the 1st Day of March 1791 to the 1st Day of March 1792.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sales of Goods from the East Indies, between the 1st Day of March 1790 and the 1st Day of March 1791» and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize paid, or to be paid, thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of East India Goods, from the 1st Day of March 1791 to the 1st Day of March 1792, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout.

Ordered, That there be laid l)cfore this House, an Account of the Sales of Goods from China, between the 1st Day of March 1790 and the tst Day of Mat ch

1791, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, paid, or to be paid, thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of

China Goods, from the 1st Day of March 1791 to the 1st Day of March 1792, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Great Britain, as the same stood upon the 1st Day of March 1791.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Housed a Statement of the Debts of the East India Company 7 (exclusive

31 Geo. III. 7° Apr387

(exclusive of their Debts transferred from agreeable to the Orders of the 15th September 1785 and the 31st July 1787) and the Statement of the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float Outwards, as they stood on the 1st Day of March 1791; together with an Account of the Balance of Quick Stock in according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Stock per Computation of the East India Company on the 1st Day of March 1791.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prime Cost and Sale Amount of such Goods from India and China, as have been sold at the East India Company's Sales between the i st Day of March 1790 and the 1st Day of March 1791; distinguishing Quantity and Quality, in the Total or Abstract

Petition A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in rough and Execution the several Acts of Parliament made for Leicester repairing the Road from the Borough of , in

Canal Bill, the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby la Zouch, in the said County, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto also subscribed, being Creditors on the 'l olls arising on the said Road, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees and Creditors respectively as aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, was heretofore in very bad Condition, and in many Places ruinous and dangerous, and the Petitioners, Creditors as aforesaid, of those under whom they claim, have subscribed large Sums of Money for the Purpose of making the same a Turnpike Road; and that the chief Object in making the said Turnpike Road* which goes near to the Principal and almost only Collieries in the said County of Leicester, that supplied the Town of Leicester and its Neighbourhood with Coals, was, that such Coals might be regularly brought there at a moderate Price at all Seasons of the Year, which they could not before be, by Reason of the ruinous State the said Road was in, and; that by Means of the said Road being Turnpike, and put and kept in a proper State of Repair, the said Object has been in great Measure effected, and the Tolls taken upon the said Road arise chiefly from the Carriage of Coals thereon; and that the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Loughborough Canal and the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways, or Stone Roads, and Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the same by passing along the said Canal to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester, and if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands, the Petitioners are apprehensive that the Collection of Tolls upon the said Road will be so much reduced, owing to great Quantities of Coals, which have usually been carried along the said Road, being then conveyed by Means of the said intended Navigable and other Communications, as not to raise Money sufficient to pay the Interest of the Sums subscribed as aforesaid, and keep the said Road in Repair: And therefore praying, That a Clause, or Clauses, may be inserted in the said Bill to indemnify the Petitioners against such Reduction of the Tolls on the said Road, as they are apprehensive will take Place, when such intended Navigable and other Communications are finished, and consequently be the Means of lessening, if not totally destroying, the Securities for the Monies subscribed as aforesaid, and leaving the Road in a ruinous State, or that they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Vo l. 46,

Parts of the said Bill as may affect the said Securities, and the Repair of the said Road, or be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingfossed Bill for dividing and inclosing that Westwitter-Part of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of j"d Manhood, in the County of Sussex, which lies in the J^0Sl^ Bill Parish of Westwittering, in the same County, commonly pasSed.

called or known by the Name of Westwittering Common; and also a certain other Open Waste or Common, called Cackham Green, in the same Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolted, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Westwittering, in the same County, commonly called or known by the Name of Westwittering; and

also a certain other Open Waste or Common, called Cackham Green, in the same Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing that Part ltirdbam of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, Inclosure Bill in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Passed-Birdham, in the same County, commonly called or known by the Name of Birdham Common, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Birdham, in the same County, commonly called or known by the Name of Birdham Common.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing the Parish Church of Saffron Saffron Wal-Walden, in the County of Essex, was read a Second den Churrh

Time. ' JgiT

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bram-ston, Mr. Neville, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Staunton’* for vesting certain Estates, late of or belonging to Estate Bill Thomas Staunton, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of read‘

Essex, Suffolk, and Buckingham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in such Manner as therein is mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Edinburgh House, according to Order, a Bill for building and Gaols Bill maintaining a Bridewell and Correction House in and Presented-for the City and County of Edinburgh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Petition other Inhabitants, of the Town of Birmingham, was [j^or"* presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Regulation a regular Supply of Corn or Flour at reasonable Prices Bill, being of the utmost Consequence to the labouring

Manufacturers

388

7" Apri

A. 1791,

Accounts relative to Com and G rain to be piinted.

Manufacturers and Poor of that Place, it was there- they sustained iri Consequence of the late Capture of fore, with great Satisfaction, the Petitioners observed the Island by the French; yet since its Restoration they that the House were taking the Subject of the Com have cheerfully and largely contributed their Assist-Laws into Consideration, not doubting but such Re- ance to the Fortifications, and other Public Works, gulations would be adopted for the Encouragement notwithstanding the oppressive Load of Debt, and of the Importation of Corn when the Prices were high, other numerous Burthens, under which they actually which at the same Time would not prove injurious to labour — Animated by the Prosperity of Great Britain, the Agriculture of this Country, but it is with great and the Protection and fostering Aid which she hath Concern they understand, that in the Bill before the hitherto afforded them, they have, with the most con-House, a Clause, relative to the Warehousing of Com, stant Perseverance, used every Exertion to increase the1 upon the Importation, when the High Duties prevail, Produce of the Colony, from whence a Revenue of has been rejected by the Committee; and that the about £. 150,000 Sterling is paid Annually into the Petitioners apprehend such a Clause, by affording the Exchequer, and about £.500,000 Sterling per Annum, Merchant Importer a Place where he can deposit his being the gross Yearly Value of the Island Crops, is-Corn under certain Restrictions, will have a Tendency expended in Great to the great Benefit of the

to encourage him, w hen he has an Opportunity, thereby Landed as well as the Commercial Interest, and to the of avoiding the Necessity of immediate Exportation, Support and Increase of Navigation: Still, however; and a consequent Loss arising thereupon: And therefore the Plantations require an additional Strength of praying the House to re-consider the said Clause, and Negro Labourers, to enable the Proprietors thereof either to adopt it, or to frame some other to the like to discharge their Debts owing in Great Britain and Purport, which may encourage an Importation when the Ireland, which it will be impossible for them to do Prices of Corn or Flour are unreasonably high, and at should the African Trade be abolished — Deprived of the same Time guard against any Thing which may be that Resource from whence they have constantly derived injurious to the Agriculture and Improvement of the so much Assistance, and without which they cannot long Waste Lands of this Country. exist, they fear that the Colonies, instead of conducing

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the in so many Shapes to increase the Riches of the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, Mother 'Country, would probably become to her a to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and heavy Burthen. These are Truths of an unpleasant Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on Kind, hut they are necessary to be communicated. Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British In their present Situation Flattery would be the most Corn exported, is again re-committed. dangerous Species of Deception. That tire Peti-

tioners, with great Deference and Respect to the Judg-Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the ment of the House, beg Permission to observe, that, several Accounts relative to Corn and Grain, which in Addition to the Regulations heretofore in Force were presented to the House by Mr. Bastin from the for similar Purposes, a Law has, lately been passed Commissioners of the Customs, by Mr. Mitford from in the said Island, with a View to render Negroes still the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, and by more comfortable and happy, and in many Respects Mr. Pearson from the Commissioners of the Customs, superior in Point of Situation to the Peasantry of upon the 14th Day of March last, and the 4th Day of other Countries. Provision Ground is allotted for this Instant April, be printed, as shall be sufficient for each Family; Hours fixed for Labour and Rest; and, the Use of the Members of the House. Guardians appointed to protect the Slaves against

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the improper Severity — Besides these, and many other Papers and Account relative to Corn and Grain, which salutary Provisions, which have been made to increase were presented to the House upon the 4th Day of the Comforts of Negroes, the Clergy of the Island are this Instant April, by Mr. Rydei', by His Majesty’s required to visit the Estates, in order to baptize the Command, be piinted, as shall be sufficient for the Use Slaves, and instruct them in Christianity, of which of the Members of the House. such as come from Africa are totally ignorant, and

would remain 'so in their own Country — And that the A Bill for amending, w idening, and keeping in Re- Petitioners further beg Ireave to observe, that the Act pair, the Road from Great Marlow, in the County of which hath lately passed for regulating the Trade

Buckingham, to Slokenchurch, in the County of Oajord, from Africa to the said Islands is expected to be pro-

was read a Second Time. ductive of very beneficial Effects, and should any

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jodrell, additional Regulations be deemed necessary, the

Mr. Thomas Williams, &c.: And they are to meet this Petitioners doubt not that the Wisdom of the British

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Parliament will quickly see, and adopt them: State-

Chamber,. ments of so much Magnitude founded in Truth, sup-

ported by Reason, and which can be confirmed at the Petition from A Petition of the Council and General Assembly of Bar of the House, the Petitioners hope will outwreigh,

the Assembly the Island of Grenada, w as presented to the House, and in the Scale of the comprehensive Judgment of the

of Grenada reat[. Setting forth, That the House, having in Con- House, all Assertions that have been made to injure temptation the Improvement and Increase of the the Colonies and- accomplish their Downfall, espe-

Culture and Prosperity of the Colonies, hath passed, cially as it canuot escape the Wisdom of the House,

during a Series of Years, many Acts, wisely calculated that upon their Ruins would be established the Proto attain those important Objects: That the Inhabi- sperity of the Colonies belonging to Foreign States,

tants and Planters of the said Island, impressed with whose Anxiety to improve the Culture of their Lands,

the highest Respect for, and confiding in, the Conti- to extend their Trade, and to increase their Navi-

nuance of the parental Care, as well as in the Justice gation, has long beeB apparent. — The Advantages

constantly adhered to by the Commons of Great Bri- enjoyed by British Colonies may be envied; but it is

tain, have been induced and encouraged to enter into impossible that they can be fully experienced Under

very extensive Engagements, and to take up considerable -Sums of Money, the more effectually to cultivate their Lands, a great Part of which they found in Woods, and which required the utmost Exertions to produce any Advantage to the Proprietors: Eiubar-

Marlow Road Bill conuftltted

against the Abolition of the Slave T>ade.

other Laws than those of Great Britain, whose Wisdom and uniform Regard for the Colonies have communicated Rights and Privileges, of the most sacred and valuable Nature, to compensate for the Misfortune the Petitioners labour under, in residing so far from a

rassed by the first Expences of Cultivation, their Diffi- Country to which they are not more connected by cultie? have been much increased by the Losses which their native Feelings of Endearment, than attached *- „ by

31 Geo. III.

1° Aprilis.

389

tion of Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the said Parish, if Provision was made for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing,

by the truest and most genuine Spirit of Loyalty:

And therefore the Members of Council and General Assembly of Grenada humbly'hope, That the House will take into their Consideration the several Facts and Circumstances stated in this Petition, and will be of Opinion, that the Abolition of the Slave Trade here- lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other tofore countenanced and cherished by the British Parlia- Public Passages and Places, within the Kings Town ment, is, in every Point of View, as unjust as it is iin- of , in the County of Kent; for removing

politic, as it w ill tend not only to the utter Ruin of the and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nui-Colonies, but (what is of much greater Importance) sances, and Annoyances therein; for better supplying the will affect and injure, in a great Degree, the Com- said Town with Water; and, for repairing the Highways mercial Interest of the Nation iu general, and there- within the Parish of And that Mr.

and Mr. Clement Taylor do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Supply to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred,

fore that no Act, pregnant with such fatal Couse qurnces, will be allowed to pass the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,

Trade.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Weans consider further of Ways and Means for raising the deferre(b

Third Report Mr. Edu ard James Eliot reported from the Select of Examina- Committee, appointed for the Purpose of taking the tion of Wit- Examination of such Witnesses as shall be ordered by ptftiVe the ^‘e H°use to attend the Committee of the whole House,

Stave Trade, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Supply granted to His Majesty.

11 ade, and to report the Minutes of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the Ilous^; That the Committee Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Chadwick had made a further Progress in the Matter to them the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons biclosure Bill referred, and had directed him to report the Minutes of and Waste Lands within the Manor of repor e ’

the said Examination to the House; and he read the otherwise in the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at County of Worcester, was committed; That the Com-

the Clerk's Table. mittee had examined, and found that the Standing

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, rela-Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, tive to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with;

to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Maidstone Raving, Ate. Petitions reported.

and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to Mr. Bloxam reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and principal In- the Owners of Lands and Tenements having Right of habitants, of the King’s Town and Parish of Maid- Common on the Lands to be inclosed, of the Annual

stone, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent,were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said

Value of £. 25; and that the Whole of the Lands and Tenements, having Right of Common on the said Lands to be inclosed, are of the Yearly Value of £.773. 1 6 s.or thereabouts ;and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; i and he read

Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as W'here the Amendments were once read throughout; folio we th; viz. and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Peti- Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tion, Mr. Christopher Hull being examined, said, That the House.

the paving, fighting, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways witifin the said 'IWn, and maintaining a Nightly Watch therein, will be of great Public Utility.

To prove the Allegations of the second-men-

Ordered,

ingrossed.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Birmingham Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of and Wor-

tioned Petition, Mr. Christopher Hull being again exa- Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to eommuni

mined, said, That the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the said Town, are rendered very inconvenient, by various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and some of them are so narrow and incommodious as to be dangerous to Carriages and Passengers; and that the said Town and Parish is very badly supplied with Water.

And being further examined, he said, That the Highways within the said Parish are very much out of Repair, and there are also several Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages in the said Parish, but out of the Limits of the said Town, some of which are narrow and incommodious, and all of them subject to Nuisances, Encroachments, Annoyances, and Obstructions, and are not paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and it would be for the Advantage and Accommoda-Vol. 4J&.

cate with the River Severn, near to the City of was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed te he made to the Bill; viz.

To leave out " Anders ton" and insert " Andertm " instead thereof. To leave out " John Best,of " Cle

To leave out " Brockhurt" and insert " " instead thereof.

To leave out " John Blakeway, "Junior."

To leave out " and in-

sert " Bedford" instead thereof. To leave out " Serjeant Crane."

To leave out " and in-

sert " Car less" instead thereof.

5 G Pr. 29.

cester Canal passed.

Pr. 27. 1. 39-

Pr. 28. 1. 14 1

& Lr>- /

1. 20.

1. 30 1

& 3'- J

1. 36.

Pr. 29. L 4-

1. 16.

T — 8°

A. 1791.

Southampton Church Bill pasted.

Pr. 29. !. 19. To leave out ," and

insert Capperand to leave out " and insert

" Cornw" instead thereof.

1. 20. To leave out " and insert

" Carey" instead thereof

1. 25. To leave out " ," and insert

" Davey" instead thereof.

1. 39.I To leave out " Thomas Talbot St, 40. J " Foley"

Pr. 30, 1. 16. To leave out " Gatton," and insert " Galtonand to leave out the Second "Gallon" and insert " Galton" instead thereof 1. 17. To leave out " Gun," and insert " Gem" instead thereof.

& 25 } eaveout Hodgetts."

1. 29. To leave out " and insert " and to leave

out the Second " Holbecke," and insert Holbeche" instead thereof.

Pr. 31. 1. 26. To leave out " William Lilley."

1. 28. To leave out " Malo," and insert " Male" instead thereof.

Pr. 33. 1. 28. To leave out " William ."

Pr. 77. 1. 28. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " And" in Lane 39.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by* the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingroesed Bill for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard, for the Use of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

croachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the 9aid Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands and Houses in the Parish of Subdeanry, without the Walls of the City of Chichester; and also, the Petition of the Citizens and Inhabitants of the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed to examine- a Witness -in Support of the said Petitions;

And an Objection being taken to the Examination of the said Witness;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were heard thereupon.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And being again called in;

The Counsel for the Petitioners was directed to proceed to examine any other Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions;

And the said Counsel having stated to the House other Matter relative to the Examination of such Witnesses;

The Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Membere not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker (without a Question first put) till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8® die Aprilis;

Anno 31* Georgii III. U Regis, 1791.

Pr. 4. I-

36.

37-

38-&

39-

1. 40.

’ To leave out " any Day that they, or " any Fire of them, shall appoint, " within One Month next after the " passing of this Act," and insert " the First Day of June 1791," instead thereof.

To leave out " the same," and insert " this Act," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down and Te-building the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard, for the Use of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mi*. Amyatt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Counsel Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

heard on ad Reading of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Reading of Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in-

Ravb' Bill t*tu'e(^> " An Act for paving of the City of Chichester," avuig 1 . ancj fQr the jjgttgc paving and cleansing the Streets,

Lanes, and Public Ways and Passages, within the Walls

of the said City, and for removing and preventing En-

7

Praters.

MR. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Tarvin to the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, '*osu|!^lU certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish repor of Tarvin, in the County of Chester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the .25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 5 Acres, One Rood, and 34 Perches, who refused their Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed amounts to 2,162 Acres, 3 Roods, and 2 Perches, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingfossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Macclesfield Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Road Bill

present

committed.

Smith's Estate Bill reported and passed.

Gedney Inclosure Bill Committed.

Kington and Leominster Canal Bill reported and re-commit-led.

8° April

391

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, over the Long Moss and Monk's Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether Tabley, in the said County, and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe,

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves ind others, Owners of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the several Parishes of Chatteris and Dodington, and Hamlet of Wimblington, in the said Parish of Dodington,

Chatteris and Wunblington Drainage and Inclosure Petition reported.

Sir Charles Bunbury, &c.: And they are to meet this within the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s of certain Commonable Messuages, Tofts, or Rights of Chamber. Commonage, in the said Hamlet of Wimblington, was

referred.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Committee, That the Committee had examined, and Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith, Esquire, found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the deceased, to accept a Conveyance of divers Heredita- 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage and' ments in the Parish of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, Inclosure, had been complied With; and that the and an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of Twenty-five Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Mount tion, which they had directed to be reported to the Bures, in the County of Essex, and a Yearly Rent of House; and he read the Report in his Plate; and af-Thirty Pounds, Part of an Annual or Fee Farm Rent terwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the of Forty Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor same was read; and is as followeth; viz. of Heddington, with the Hundred of Bullingdon, in the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. County of Oxford, in Exchange for the several Manors Clement Pope being examined, said, That the North of Knawle, Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the County Bank of a certain Drain called or The Forty

of Kent, and divers Hereditaments in the several Feet Drain, from a certain Bridge in the said Parish of

Parishes of Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the said County of Kent, and to convey the last mentioned Hereditaments accordingly, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with-

Chatteris, called Carters Bridge, to a certain other Bridge, called Horseway Bridge, and the West and North West Bank of a certain other Drain, called Thurloe's, or Die Sixteen Feet Drain, from the South End of the same Drain to a certain Bridge, called Boots Bridge, are in so ruinous a State* that the Fen Lands and Low Grounds adjoining to the said Banks are in Part overflowed with Water, and the Remainder of the said

out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Lands and Grounds are in imminent Danger of being in

the same State.

And being further examined, he said, That there are in the said Hamlet of Wimblington certain Commons and Waste Lands, containing about Nine hundred Acres, which, in their present State, are of little Value to those having Right of Commonage thereon; and that it would be advantageous to the Parties interested if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed.

Henry Bell, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the

above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry embanking and draining certain Fen Lands and Low Hobart, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Grounds within the Parishes of Chatteris and Doding-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s row, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and Chamber. for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste

Lands within the Hamlet of Wimblington, in the said

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, Parish of Dodington: And that Mr. John Pitt, Mr. to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Na- Charles Yorke, and General Adeane, do prepare, and vigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Here- bring in, the same. ford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Secern near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcestert was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Craven; and also* the Petition of Thomas Botfield, of Darcley, in the County of Salop, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgi

The Lords have agreed to

Bermondsey Poor Bill.

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report And also,

the Second, intituled, "An Act for ascertaining and Collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for better regulating the " Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Suft'ey," and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment:

was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Vo l- 46.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath* ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one; without any Amendment: And also,

The

Militia Pay Bill.

by


A. 1791.

8° Apr ills.

Selby Bridge The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge near the Ferry over the River Ouze, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of

borough, in the East Riding of the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

Oswntry, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ah &c. Poor Bill. Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Town of Oswestry, and to certain Parishes within the Hundred of , in the County of Salop, and to such Part of the Parish of as lies within the said Hundred, and to the Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, and to the Parish of Llansilin, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh; without any Amendment: And also,

Mary Port The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, A.n Harbour Bill. Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Twenty-second, and the other in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Mary Port, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment: And also,

Aleester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Road Bill, Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a!? the Road leading from the Aleester and Evesham Turn-

en eu pike Road at the End of Lane, in the County of Warwick, tp Chipping and from thence to

Upton Old Lane, in the County of Gloucester; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Oddington A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-Inclosure Bill mon Fields, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable - committed. Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Oddington, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-sittart, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bodmin Deb- A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the tore Petition. Sheriffs Ward at Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

SheptonMal- Mr. Phelips reported from the-Committee, to whom Pavina<Bind Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three several reported. Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing the Road from a Place called Long Cross Bottom, to the Bruton Turnpike Road near Batcombe Church, in the said County, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroased.

Lord JVUliamRussell reported from the Committee Surrey Gaol, to whom the Bill for building a new Common Gaol and re*

Session House, with Accommodations thereto, for the por e ' County of Surrey, and for disposing of the present County Gaol, and the Ground thereto belonging, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Petition of several Petitionrdat* Householders within the Cities of London and Westminster, for themselves and others, which was presented racter8 re. to the House upon the nth Day of March last, and fen-ed to a then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be agaiu read. Committee. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Adam, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Sheriff and Grand Jury of the Launceston County of Cornwall, assembled at the Assizes at Laun- Petition for a ceston, in and for the said County, the 2 2d Day of TaxonDe§*-March 1791, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners beg Leave to propose to the House the Expediency of a Tax upon Dogs, and they conceive, that the Practicability of it will, upon Trial, be found easy, and of its Efficiency and good Consequences they entertain the most sanguine Expectations: And therefore praying the House to take the Subject Matter of this Petition into their serious Consideration, and that the same may be carried into a Law, with such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Staioe* whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners for ^ndSe Peti* the Care, Management, and Direction of the Repairs, tlonrePorte Support, and Maintenance of the Bridge of Staines, and Egham Causeway, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relative to Bills for erecting Bridges, had not been complied with, it not being determined to apply to Parliament till after the Time limited for giving the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House; but, upon the Information of experienced Workmen, it was apprehended, that, from the ruinous Condition of the said Bridge, it might receive such considerable Damage during the next Winter, by Frosts and Floods, that the Road over the same might be rendered dangerous, if not totally impassable, and, in Consequence thereof, the Commissioners directed Notices to be given in The Saint James's Chronicle of the 4th, 6th, and 8th Days of January last, and on the Doors of the Sessions Houses for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

Petition

Hounslow lleuth and Basingstone Road Petition reported,

8° Aprilis.

393

Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was read, whereby it appeared, that certain Persons and their Successors were appointed Commissioners for the Care, Management, and Direction of the Repairs and Maintenance of Stanes Bridge and Egham , under

the Controul of the Lord High Chancellor or Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal for the ^Time being: And,

Mr. Anthony Sanders, Clerk to the Commissioners, being examined, said, That the said Act has'been carried into Execution, and the Bridge and Causeway have been supported and maintained at a considerable Expence, and the Sum of £. 750 is now owing on the Credit of the Tolls.

Mr. Martin Coles, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That the Bridge is narrow and incommodious, and so greatly decayed, that it ought to be taken down, and a new Bridge built.

Mp. Sanders being again examined, informed your Committee, That the present Tolls are insufficient to defray the Expence of erecting a new Bridge, and to discharge the Money now owing, and that it will be necessary to raise a considerable Sum of Money for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River from Stanes

to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And that Mr. Maimcaring, Lord William Russell, Mr.

Byng, and Mr. William Clement Finch, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Three Acts, passed in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow , in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, bad not been complied with, it not being determined to apply to Parliament for a Renewal of the Term of the said Act, until the Commissioners for the Care and Management of Stanes Bridge had directed an Application to be made for obtaining an Act to re-build the said Bridge, and as the said lload is the ancient Great Western Turnpike Road, and leads over the said Bridge, and it appearing to the said Trustees to be for the Benefit of the Public that Egham Causeway, which adjoins to the said Road, should be taken under their Care and Management, and that the Commissioners of Stanes Bridge should be discharged therefrom, and therefore, in Consideration of those Circumstances, the Trustees directed Notices to be given in The Public Advertiser of the 6th, 8th, and 11 th Days of January last, and on the Doors of the Sessions Houses for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Vql. 46.

Mr. Henry Horne being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts — That the Sum of £. 1,600 now remains due on the Western District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned, but that there is nothing due on the Eastern District of the said Roads — That the said Roads cannot be kept in proper Repair, nor the Money now remaining due be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

And being further examined, he said, That the Causeway and Road, called Egham Causeway, leading from Stanes Bridge to the Town of Egham (heretofore supported and repaired by the Commissioners appointed for managing Stanes Bridge) is intermixed with the Road included in and directed to be repaired by the before-mentioned Acts, and it is apprehended, that the Repairs thereof could be more conveniently carried on and completed, if the same were added to and made Part of the Eastern District of the said Roads, directed to be repaired by the said Acts. — And the Witness further said, That the Road through the Town of Stanes is greatly obstructed by various Buildings, and is very narrow and incommodious, and dangerous to Passengers, and that if Power was given to the said Trustees to purchase and take down certain Houses and Buildings in the said Town, and to open the Approach to Stanes Bridge on the Middlesex Side thereof, it would be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, made in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his kite Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year oif His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of ham, in the County of Surrey, and for maintaining and repairing Egham Causeway, in the said County of Surrey: And that Mr. Mainwaring, Lord William Russell,

Mr. Byng, and Mr. William Clement do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Bloxam presented to the House, according to Maidstone Order, a Bill for widening, improving, regulating, Paving, ttc. paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets* Present* Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the King’s Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Loveden reported from the Committee, to whom Fyfield and the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of n*"ibrn?f Three several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth sported.* Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint Johns Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and from an Inn called The Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which stands in the said County of Berics, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the,

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with

5 FJ the -

8° Apritis.

A. 1791.

the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by -One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Dunsford Mr. Edmund Bastard reported from the Committee, and Cherry- to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, of the brook Road Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Bi reported. repai,-ing an(j widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gat, in the Parish of Dunsford, in the County of Devon, to Cherrybroolc, in the Forest of Dartmoore, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Alconbury A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and mitted"1" Waste Lands, within the Parish of Alconbury

IVeslon, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Se-. cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Hinc/iingbrook, the Earl Ludlow, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Manchester Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Canal Bill whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi-reporte . gajj|e Canal from Mane' to or near Presto-lee Bridge, in the Township of Little Lever, and from thence by one Branch to or near the Town of Bolton, and by another Branch to or near the Town of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read * the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Instruction Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, toCommittee w ho are appointed to enquire into the Manner in which Harbour Acn an ^ct» made hi the TwenW-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

(r An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour " of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of ," has been carried

into Execution, what Rates and Duties have been imposed, and what Sums of Money have been collected . / by virtue thereof, and to what Purposes such Money has been applied, That they do take into Consideration an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge " certain Powers granted by an Act, passed in the " Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the uSecond, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and main-

" taiiiing the Harbour- of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, " amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich."

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Papers, Ac. several Papers and Accounts relative to South relating to

Wales, which were presented to the House upon the Ise"' Sl,ultl 2d and 21st Days of March last, by Mr. Bernard, and "4° b# Mr. Charles Long, be printed, as shall be suflicieut lor p the Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, at the Rising of the House ad-Flouse this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. Monday0

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from Accounts re* the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the xrade with Door; he was called in;1 and, at the Bar, presented to RUSSu;and the House, pursuant to their Orders, to Customs,

An Account of the Number of the Vessels, with present'd, their Tonnage, which have arrived from Russia in the several Ports of Great Britain, and also of the Vessels, with their Tonnage, which have cleared out from Great Britain to Russia, during the last Ten Years; distinguishing the British from the Foreign: And also,

An Account of the several Articles imported from Russia into Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1789 to the 5th of January 1790: And also,

An Account of the Exports to Russia from Great Britain, from the 5th of January 1789 to the 5th of January 1790; distinguishing British from Foreign Goods: And also,

An Account of the Value of the Imports into Great Britain from Russia during the last Five Years, and of the Exports from Great Britain during the same Period: And also,

An Account, as far as the same can be made up, shewr-ing the Increase of the Revenue of Customs, arising from the Alteration made in the Duly on several Articles thereof by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-seventh of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing " the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying " the said Duties, together with the other Duties " composing the Public Revenue; for permitting " the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Product or Manufacture of the " pean Dominions of the Fre nth King, into this " Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed " Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of " the National Debt;" and distinguishing th§ Produce thereof, in each Year, from the Commencement to the 5 th of January 1791.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to con- Committee sider of the present State of the Culture of Hemp in appointed u> Great Britain, and also of the Trade in Hemp with

„ . r the Culture,

other Countries: < &c. of Hemp.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Eliot, Mr. Sloane, the Lord Bay ham, Mr. Cad,

Mr. Rose, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr.

Burdon, Sir William Young, Mr. the Lord

Apsley, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Powys, the Earl of Courtown, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mr.

Gascoyne, Mr. Phipps, Mr. Ileathcote, Mr. teney, Mr. Lygon, Mr. Hobart, Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Wig ley, Mr. Murray, Mr. Mr.

Fox, Sir William Dolben, Mr. PitSir James Penny-man, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Mr. Hussey, Mr. Phelips, Sir Rober Cotton, Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Jackson; and all the Knights' so £ . Shires;

J

8° Apri

395

Shires; the Members who serve for the Cities of London, Rochester, Exeter, and Bristol, the Towns of

Portsmouth, Plymouth, Poole, and Liverpool, and for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Lincoln, Norjolk, Suffolk, Essex, Kent, Sussex, Hants, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Glamorgan, Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Merioneth, Carnarvon, Anglesey, Flint, Denbigh, Chester, Lancaster, Westmoreland, and Cumberland; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, Officers of the Navy, and Merchants in the Mouse; And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

l)nppa*s Mr. Edmund Bastaivl presented to the House, ac-

(Juinor) cording to Order, a Bill to enable Baldwin Duppa presented. Hancorn,of Hollingbourne, in the County of Kent,

Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, late of Hollingbourne aforesaid, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Drippa’s A Bill to enable Baldwin Hancorn, Esquire, and his

(Senior) first and other Sons, and their Issue Male, to take,

Name Bill use, and bear the Name and Arms of Duppa, pursu-

couumtte . ant t^e 'wm Df Baldwin Duppa, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edmund Bastard, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Order for re ferring Norton in the Clay Drainage, &c. Petition discharged, and Bill ordered.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 21 st Day of February last, for referring the Petition of the Honourable Frederick Robinson, Esquire, Committee of Sir Norton Robinson, Baronet, a Lunatic, Lord of the Manor of Norton the Clay, in the North Riding of the County of York, the most Noble FrartcisDuke of Bridgewater, the Reverend

Thomas Harrison, A. M. Samuel Wright, Gentleman, and John Wells, Gentleman, Lessee of the Governors of the Free Grammar School of Queen Mary, in the Town of Ripon, in the said County, Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Catdegates in and throughout the several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the said Manor of Norton in the Clay aforesaid, to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the Expence attending the Diainage of the Lands to be divided and inclosed was not proposed to be levied by Tolls or Duties upon the Parties interested;

Ordered, That the Order for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring.in,

the same.

Norton in Mr..Duncombe presented to the House, according to

closureTBilr* ^r^er> a for dividing and inclosing the Open presented. Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of Norton in the Clay, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Turner’s Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, to whom Bill reported. for vesting in James Turner, his Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon V.ol. 46.

Tweed, for a Time to be limited, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next:

An Amendment w-as proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Fridhy Morning next," and inserting the W'ords " Thursday .* Three Weeks, the 5th Day of May next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the "Words "

" day Morning next" stand Part of the Question;

And Mr. Speaker declaring, That the Noes had it;

And a Division being thereupon demanded;

The Yeas were directed to go forth.

And no Member going forth; nor any Person appearing as a Teller;

Mr. Speaker declared, That the Noes had it.

So the Question passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put,' That the Words " Thursday Three Weeks, the 5th Day of May next," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Three Weeks, the 5th Day of May next.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, Counsel or-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of deredoncon-themselves and others, being Colourmen, Druggists, s'dfer>ng lte-and Painters, within the Cities of London and West- Turner’s Bill, minster, which was Yesterday presented to the House, do lie upon the Table until the said Report be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners, be-then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

m

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Ellesmere, Poor belonging to the several Parishes of Ellesmere, &c. Poor Bill Middle, Baschurch, and Horsley, and to the several committed*. Chapelries or Districts of Hadrntl, otherwise Hadnal Ease, and Little Ness, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to make perpetual an Act, passed in the Pawnbrok-Twenty-ninth Year, of the Reign of His present Ma- er’s Bill com* jesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the mUted’

" Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Dayappoir.t-Sevennight, proceed to the further Hearing of Coun- ^Counsel sel upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the on the chi-Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, Chester Pav-intituled, "An Act for paving of the City of Chiches- *n6 Bill.

" ter," and for the better paving and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways and Passages within the Walls of the said City, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

Ordered,

House to be called over.

Accounts of Public Income and Expenditure referred to a Select Committee.

To be chosen by Ballot.

Account of Miscellaneous Services presented.

Ships Mooring Bill ordered.

Bill to prevent Keels, Boats, dec. being used in the Carriage of Coals, without being marked, ordered.

8° Apri/is. A. 1791.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Importation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 2f1f,ai*an House, to consider of the Importation into Great Bri- c’onJ‘10 tain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies, of the Manufacture dered. of Italy.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, be referred to the Consideration of a Select Committee; and that the said Committee be directed to examine and state the 'same, and to report to the House what has been the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, end what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future, and also what Alteration has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Nine.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by Way of Ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon Monday next, at Two of the Clock, prepare Lists, to be put into Glasses, of Nine Persons Names to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table, and the said Lists, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glasses at the Table by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their . Order,

An Account of all Expences incurred under the Head of Miscellaneous Services, in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790; distinguishing each Year, and each Article.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Order read into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal Quebec°Bi]<l!1 certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making " more effectual Provision for the Government of the " Province of Quebec, in North A," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the several Merchants, Warehousemen, Petition and Manufacturers, trading, and interested in the aPaiu»t D* Trade, to the Province of Quebec, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- . tioners having maturely taken into Consideration the said Bill, and having deliberately weighed the Tendency and inevitable Consequences thereof, most humbly represent, that, according to their best Judgment and Opinion, the intended Division of the Province of Canada will be attended with great Injury to the said Province, and in particular to the Commerce and Trade of the Petitioners; and that, as the Bill now stands, the unknown Laws of Canada, by which the Petitioners have already so severely suffered, and of which they have so long complained, are to be established in the said Province, whereby the Property of the Petitioners will remain without Protection or Security, and consequently the confidential Intercourse between the Petitioners and the said Province will be materially injured: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, touching tl«e Grievances they have stated, as the House shall think fit.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Quebec Bill

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a re-commu-Committee of the whole House. te *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Petit,on ra Consideration of the said Committee. ferred.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report on Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- into further Consideration the Report from the Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties oa mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to re- BilTfurther " Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, Per- considered. " Lieu thereof," might be read. sons called Protesting Catholic Dissenters, from cer-

And the same being read accordingly; tain Penalties and Disabilities^ to which Papists, or

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Persons professing the Popish’ Religion, are by Law prevent other Ships than those laden with Tobacco subject, was committed.

from Mooring and discharging their Lading at the And the Amendments made by the Committee to Places appointed by the said Act: And that Mr. Rose, the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward Jam® the Question severally put thereupon, some of them Eliot, the Lord Bayham, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Attorney' were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Charles Long, to several of them, agreed to by the House, do prepare, and bring in, the same. A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That

no Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to who shall take the Oaths mentioned in the Bill, shall

prevent Keels, Pan Keels, and Pan Boats, and other be prosecuted for teaching Youth as a School-

Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the Re- master.

moval or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the any Alterations or Repairs, without being first in- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be spected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed: And that made Part of the Bill.

Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ed- Then several Amendments were made, by the ward James Eliot, the Lord Bayham, the Lord Apsley, House, to the Bill.

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the Engrossed.

same. The

31 Geo. III.

8° — IT

39T

House in- The House being informed that thfe Muster Roll* formed that of all the Vessels which sailed from the Port of -certain Pa- pool, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1789, both inclu-sent to one of s‘ve» which, upon the 2 2d Day of March last, wereor-the Clerks, dered to be laid before this House, had, by Mistake, been sent from Liverpool to Mr. John Benson, One of the Clerks attending this House;

Ordered, That the said Muster Rolls be laid upon

the Table.

Day appointed for 3d Reading of Catholic Dissenters Bill.

Supply deferred.

Ways and

Cleans

deferred.

Ordered, That the Bill to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, Persons called Protesting Catholic Dissenters, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject, be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be theu ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 11* die Aprilis; Anno 31* Georgii III. U Regis, 1791.

Blotter Rolls of Vessels 'which sailed from Bristol presented,

Douse acquainted that Accounts of Vessels sailed from Liverpool were laid on the Table.

Committee on Slave Trade impowered to examine them.

Lords

Amendment to Alcester Road Bill agreed to.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. White, Agent for the Merchant Venturers of Bristol, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Muster Rolls of all the Vessels which sailed from the fort of Bristol,from the Year 1780, to the Year 1789, both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Muster Rolls were read. Ordered, That the said Muster Rolls be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Muster Rolls of all the Vessels which sailed from the Port of Liverpool, from the Year 1780 to the Year 1789, both inclusive, were laid upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Muster Rolls be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the Select Committee, who are appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination of such Witnesses as shall be ordered by the House to attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade, have Power to examine the said Muster Rolls, and to report their Observations thereupon to the House.

N. B. — The said Muster Rolls were, by a subsequent Order of the House, of the 25th Day of May, re-delivered to the proper Officers.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Alcester and . Vo 1. 46.

Evesham Turnpike Road at the End of Wixford Lane, in the County of Warwick,to Chipping Campden, and from thence to Upton Old Lane, iti the County of

Gloucester.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as followed!; viz.

Pr. 26. 1. 38. After " thereqf" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted, That M the Money or Satisfaction to be " paid for any Lands which shall " be purchased, taken, or used, " for the Purposes of this Act, belonging to any Corporation, or " other incapacitated Persons, shall " be paid to such Person or Persons as such Corporation, or " the Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of such " incapacitated Persons, shall respectively nominate and appoin " to receive the same, in Trust, " with all convenient Speed to " be re-invested in the Purchase " of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled upon, and " subject to the like Uses, Trusts* " and Limitations, as the Lands " belonging to such Corporation, " or other incapacitated Persons, " shall be then settled, limited, or " assured."

-And it appearing to the House that the Amendment not being for the Purpose of applying any of the Monies directed to be raised by the said Act, but being merely for the Security of such incapacitated Persons to whom the said Monies should belong, by directing that the same should be laid out in the Purchase of other Land to be settled to the like Uses;

The said Amendment was read a Second Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord-

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers shepton of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year Mallet Roads of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- PavHlf cond, and in the Fifth and Twentieth Years of the Bl pa* Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Mallet, in the county of;

and for repairing the Road from a Place called Long Cross Bottom, to th Bruton Turnpike Road near Bat-combe Church, in the said County, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, within the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing the Road from a Place called Long Cross Bottom, to the Bruton Turnpike Road, near Bat combe Church, in the said County, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, within the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the . Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

5 I A Bill

11° Aprilis.

A. 1791.

Edinburgh Goals Bill committed.

A Bill for building and maintaining a Bridewell and City of , with a Collateral Cut from the same

Correction House in and for the City and County of Edinburgh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Henry c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chatteris and Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according

T>raJniw6t°n to Order, a Bill for embanking and draining certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Chatteris and Dodington, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge', and for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Hamlet of in

Drainage &c. Bill presented.

to the Town of Nezccnt, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching, and levelling the Surfaces of the Streets and other Public Places, within the Hamlets of Deretend and Bordesley, in the County of Warwick, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, and regulating the Driving of Carts and other Carriages used for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, therein:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the Town of Oswestry, and to certain Parishes within the Hundred of Oswestry,

the said Parish of Dodington: And the same was re- in the County of Salop, and to such Part of the Parish

Chadwick Inclosure Bill passed.

Royal Assent to Bills.

ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Chadwick, otherwise Chadwick, in the Parish of grwe, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Chadwich, otherwise Chadwick, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

of Llanymynech as lies within the said Hundred, and to the Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, and to the Parish of Llansilin, in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh:

An Act to explain and ameud an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, " watering, and watching the Streets, and other " Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of " Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on " the West Side of Tottenham Court Road, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and for the Trustees for the Care of the said Road pave, repair, anti cleanse such Part of the said " Road as is therein described: "

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of hi9 late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for ascertaining and " collecting the Poor's Rates, and for better regulating " the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen " Bermondsey, in the County of ," and for other the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made, one in the Twenty-second, and the other in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving,

obliging

o o

to

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De- the Harbour of Mary Port, in the County of Cum-sire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s berland:

Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House An Act for building a Bridge, near the Ferry over of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal the River Ouze, from Selby, in the West Riding of the was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said mentioned; and also impowering His Royal High- County:

ness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cla- enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Tenth rence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair-Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chan- ing, widening, turning, and altering the Roads from cellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to Butterton Moor End, near Oncott, in the County of declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; Stafford, to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike and that the I^ord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the County Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the of Derby, and from Blachton Moor, in the County of Lord Grenville, named also in the said Commission, did to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton

accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the to Ashborne, near Newhaven, in the County of Derby, said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz. and from Warslow to Ecton Mine, in the County of

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Stafford:

Duty on Sugar imported into this Kingdom:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from to Banbury, in

called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty- the County of Oxford, and from Burford aforesaid to

fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and the Turnpike Road leading to in the County of

Ninety-one: Gloucester, at tire Bottom of Stow Hill, and from -

An Act to enable the Earl of Egrcmont to make and ford Gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the Turnpike maintain the River Rot her Navigable from the Town Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton: of Midhurst to a certain Meadow called The Railed An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-Pieces, or Stopham Meadow,in the Parish of Stopham, pair, the Road leading from Robeston Wathan to Saint and a Navigable Cut from the said River to the River Clears, and other Hoads therein mentioned, in the Arun, at or near Stopham Bridge, in the County of Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen:

Sursex, and for other Purposes: An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in

An Act for making and maintaining a Navi- Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Haver-gable Cut or Canal from the City of Hereford to the fordicest, through the Town of Fishguard, to the Town

7 of

11° Aprills. 399

of Newport, in the County of , and also from the 1 own of Fishguard to the City of Saint David's, in the said County of Pembroke:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of uest to the City of Saint David's, and from the said City to Caerfai, in the Parish of Saint s, in the County of Pembroke:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from The , in Stoke Fern/, in the County of Korjolk; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Methwold Warren House to a Place called The Devil's

Ditch, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and w idening the Road from the Market Place in Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in in the County of Northampton:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Y'ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, to, and through, the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads from the South Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for continuing an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's Lynn, into the Parishes of Geyton and and to

the Gate next Hillingtonon Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for enlarging the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Streets or Highways within the said Town, and also certain small Pieces of Road communicating with the Roads comprized in the said Act:

An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement made between William Parkes and Thomas Read, and Mary his Wife, and the Right honourable George Earl Brooke of Warwick Castle and Earl of Warwick, for the Exchange of certain Lands in the County of Warwick, and in the Borough of Warwick, in the said County:

An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury and Thomas Clutton to grant Building Leases, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose;

An Act for vesting the Bath Estate, situate in the Island of Barbadoes, and late belonging to Edward Day, Esquire, deceased, together with the Stock and Effects upon or belonging to the same, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to an Agreement for V o x,* 46*

that Purpose, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein expressed:

An Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smitht Esquire, deceased, to accept a Conveyance of divers Hereditaments in the Parish of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, and au Annual or Fee Farm Rent of Twenty-five Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Mount Bures, in the County of Essex, and a Yearly Rent of Thirty Pounds, Part of an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of Forty Pounds, reserved out of, or for, the Manor of Iieddington, with the Hundred of Bul-lingdon, in the County of Oxford, in Exchange for the several Manors of Knrn'le, Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the County of Kent, and divers Hereditaments in the several Parishes of Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Seal, in the said County of Kent, and to convey the last mentioned Hereditaments accordingly:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wolford, the Younger, with Sophia Elizabeth Jeanes, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land and Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great otherwise Kington,in the County of called Great

Kineton Field:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Eggintin the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, a Common Stinted Pasture, called The Town Close, and a certain Common, or Waste, called The Hollings, within the Manor and Township of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Cotting-ham, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Lands, Grounds^ and Common Pastures, in the said Parish:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Little Woolston, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Woods, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Barston, otherwise Barkestone, and Plungar, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hose, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Theophilus Cazenove and John Francis Butard:

An Act for naturalizing Frederick:

An Act for naturalizing Henry Heymarr, the Younger:

An Act for naturalizing Jean Baptiste Armana de Choiseul, called Marquis de Choiseul.

The Marquis of Worcester reported from the Com- Swansea mittee, to whom the Petition of the Portreeve, Alder- Harbour men, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Swansea, and of several Proprietors of Lands, Copper Works, and repor e ' Collieries, in and near the Port of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and of several other Persons concerned in the Trade and Navigation of the said Port, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to

the

Account, &c. of Money expended at Somerset Place, ordered.

Bill for the Custody and Employment of Offenders deferred.

400 11° Aprilis. A. 1791.

the House; and he feed the Report in his Place; and Money expended has been accounted for according to the afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Course of the Exchequer, and for how much of the the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Remainder Vouchers have been produced to the Person To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, appointed to superintend the Works carrying on under Thomas Morgan, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Direction of Sir William Chambers.

many extensive Copper Smelting Houses, and Coal

Works, are established at and near the said Port of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fflony R«. Swansea, whereby the same is become a principal Port to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of wanls Bill of Trade, and a considerable Nursery for Seamen Felony; and to enable Persons convicted of Petty comnuttwL — That the Navigation of the said Port is much Larceny to be Witnesses, was read a Second Time, obstructed by Sfind, Stone, and other Rubbish, thrown Re, That the Bill be committed, up by the Sea, or washed down by Land Floods, and Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee otherwise improperly suffered to remain in the said of the whole House.

Port; and that the deepening of the Bar and River Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow of the said Port, with proper Directions for the laying Three Weeks, the 3d Day of May next, resolve down of Ballast, and regulating the Pilotage of the itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Port, and for the Moorage and Safety, and Dock- said Bill, ing of Vessels therein, together with the Erection of a

Pier, Floodgates, Drawbridge, Piles, Docks, Quays, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of or Embankments, and other Works, at the Mouth and Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, Consolidated Sides of the same, with proper Avenues thereto', and on the 5th Day of April 1791, of the Surplus of the a Lighthouse on the Mumble Head, will tend, not only Consolidated Fund for the Disposition of Parliament, to preserve but to increase the Trade and Shipping of after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances the said Port Then, thereon.

Mr. William Mollineux, a Surveyor, produced to your Committee a Plan and Estimate of the Works The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from Account of proposed, which Estimate amounts to about £. 15,000, — the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Consolidated And the Witness said, that the same may be executed for and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to j^nn,^pr* that Sum. their Order,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill An Account of the Monies remaining in the Ex-for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour chequer, on the 5th Day of April 1791, of the Sur-of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan: And that the plusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Marquis of Worcester and Mr. Thomas Wyndham do Revenues of the Fund, commonly called The -prepare, and bring in, the same. soUdated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament,

after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an thereon.

Account of the Money expended on the Works at And then he withdrew.

Somerset Place, from the Commencement to Lady Day And the Title of the said Account was read.

1791, and an Estimate of the Sum which will be neces- The said Account is as followeth; viz.

6ary to complete the same; shewing how much of the

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of 1791, of the Surpasses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund, - commonly called The Consolidated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereon.

The Monies remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1791, of the Surpasses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund commonly called The Consolidated Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereon, amount to the Sum of Three hundred and Three thousand Two hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Nine Shillings and One Half-penny.

Exchequer,

the 11th Day of April 1791. W. Rose Haworth.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 4th Day of this Instant April, for taking into further Consideration, upon Wednesday next, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant April.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the East India Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Aanual Re-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to venue Ac* the House, pursuant to their Orders, Mnted.PI*

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the

East

East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the lastest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N4 2k An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude', distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 3. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces- of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium for the Year 1789-90, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Head^of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium for the said Year: And also,

N° 4* An Accoqnt of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Tan-jore, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and the Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 6. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Laud Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences for the Year 1789-90, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, so far as the same can be made up: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil,

Vol. 46.

Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 9. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order " of the Honourable House of Commons, of 7th " April 1791, requiring a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and " the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the " Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms and " Licences, for the Year 1789-90, and of the Charges " defrayed for the same Year by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing " the same respectively under the several Heads of " Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs:" And also,

N® 10 (a). An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce, in Bengal, Madras, and Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil 6r other Charges of those Presidencies respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N410 (b). An Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 10 (c). An Account of the Expences of the Island of Saint Helena, and the Factory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices And also,

N° 11. Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th of April 1790 to the 1st of May 1791: And also,

N® 12.. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 30th of April 1790 to the 1st of May 1791: And also,

N° 13. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of " the Honourable House of Commons, of the 7th April " 1791, requiring an Abstract of the Estimate of the " probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay " Government, from the 30th Day of 1790 to

" the 1st of May 1791 And also,

N° 14. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of " the Honourable House of Commons, of the 7th April " 1791, requiring a General Abstract of the Estimates " of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the " Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and " Bombay, between the 30th Day of 1790 and the " 1st Day of May 1791 And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company, at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also,

N° 17. An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India, between the 30th Day of April 1789 and the- 30th Day of April 1790, agreeable to the Orders, of the 15th of September 1785 and the 31st of July 1787: And also,

N° 18. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the East India Company’s Affairs in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they stood at

5K th®

114 Apr

A. 1791.

the Presidencies of Foi't William Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and Factory of Canton, on the 30th Day of April 1790: And also,

N° 19. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Car-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Mem- Ballot for

bers to prepare Lists, to be put into Glasses, of Nine Committee

Persons Names, to be the Select Committee to whom r 1 i 1 1 a come and Lx*

it is referred to examine and state the several Accounts penditure.

and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session

goes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expen-Year 1789-90: And also, diture; and to report to the House what has been the

N* 20. An Account of the Balance of Cash which whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure remained in the Treasury of the East India Company during the last Five Years, and what may be expected to

on the 1st Day of March 1790, and of their Receipts and Payments in England from the 1st Day of March 1790 to the 1st Day of March 1791; together with an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments from the 1st Day of March 1791 to the 1st Day of March 1792: And also,

N° 21. An Account of the Sales of Goods from the

be the Annual Amount thereof in future, and also what Alteration has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Speaker’s Cham-

East Indies, between the 1st of March 1790 and the 1st bers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and of March 1791, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize paid, or to be paid, thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of East India Goods, from the 1st of March 1791 to the 1st of March 1792, and the Amount of

summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order made upon Friday last, directing the

Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be Method of putting the said Lists into Glasses, was read.

paid thereout: And also,

N* 22. An Account of the Sales of Goods from China, between the 1st of March 1790 and the 1st of March 1791, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, paid, or to be paid, thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of China Goods, from the 1st of March 1791 to the 1st of March 1792, and the Amount of Customs,

Then the Names of the Members being called over, according to that Order, those who then appeared severally put the Lasts by them prepared into the Glasses at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and, in like Manner, put the

Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid there- Lists by them prepared into the said Glasses.

out: And also,

N° 23. Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Great Britain, as the same stood on the 1st Day of March 1791: And also,

N# 24. A Statement of the Debts of the East India Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lists; and to report to the House upon which Nine Persons the Majority falls:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Glover, Mr. Serjeant Watson, Mr. Ford, Sir Mr. Tempter:

India, agreeable to the Orders of the 15th September And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s 1785 and the 31st July 1787) and a Statement of the Chamber.

Effects of the Company in England, and a-float Outward, as they stood on the 1st Day of March 1791; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List List of Pro-together with an Account of the Balance of Quick of the Names of such Proprietors of all the different Sorts Stock in China, according to the latest Advices: And also, of Annuities (Life Annuities excepted) as are payable nufties auh* N° 25. An Account of Stock per Computation of the and in the Management of His Majesty’s Exchequer, as Exchequer, East India Company on the 1st Day of March 1791: were entitled to Annuities on or before the 31st Day of ordered. And also, December 1780, and which now remain unpaid, stating

N° 26. An Account of the Prime Cost and Sale the Dates when the First of the said Annuities became Amount of such Goods from India and China as have payable, together with such Descriptions of the said Persons as may be entered in the Books, Orders, or Rolls, of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

been sold at the East India Company’s Sales between the 1st Day of March 1790 and the 1st Day of March 1791; distinguishing Quantity and Quality, in the Total or Abstract.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the

House.

Ordered, That, such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Motion The House was moved, That the Order, made upon

thePCommU- Friday last, directing that the Select Committee to tee on Public examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers Expenditure, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, re-Ne«5- lating to the Public Income and Expenditure, should be chosen by Way of Ballotting, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Order be discharged;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Paper* Command, respecting

A Paper, intituled, "Table of the Average Prices Trade"pr«-" of Corn in Ireland, distinguishing Dublin from the sented’.

" Counties, for the Six Weeks immediately preceding " the loth February, 10th May, 10th and 10th

" November, in the last Six Years, being the respective " Times at which the Average Prices that regulate the Importation of Corn are struck, compiled from " The Dublin Gazette, converting the Barrels into " British Quarters, and Irish Money into Sterling:"

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Comparative View of Prices " which regulate Export and Import of Com in England and Ireland."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the stud Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, is again re-committed.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr.

f.joi L './.ill'-

SlIDlSiW

Ltavtof cfdk’e In flElfflio loaiiifl

tasut

Dnues ot Hews a kriagfi

taoun

p&ta

Copy of Earl Corn waFlis's Commission presented.

Leave of absence from aa Election Committee.

I Account of

I Duties on Hones and; Carriages, presented.

Accounts

presented.

Spirits and Sweets.

Spirituous Liquor Licences.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of the Commission appointing Earl Cornwallis Commander in Chief of the Land Forces in The East Indies.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Harry Burrard, Esquire, One of the Members of the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable Cropley Ashley, and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the Borough of , in the County of Dorset,severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, had received Information, that a very near Relation of his was dangerously ill in the Country; and that it is highly necessary for the said Mr. Burrard to attend his said Relation immediately.

And the Matter so alledged by Mr. being taken down in Writing, he was sworn, at the Table, to the Truth thereof.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Burrard have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from the Office for Adairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the additional Duties on Horses and Carriages, with Four Wheels, imposed by an Act of the Twenty-ninth George III. from the Commencement of the same to the 5th of January 1790, and from the 5 th of January 1790 to the 5th of January 1791.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. JVebb, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, from the Commencement to 5th January 1787, and between the 5th January 1787 and 5th January 1791, of the additional Duty on British Spirits and Sweets imposed by Two Acts of the Twenty-sixth George III. distinguishing the Sums paid in each Year: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the additional Duty on Spirituous Liquor Licences, imposed by an Act of the Twenty-seventh George III. from the Commencement thereof to the 5th January 1788, and from 5th January 1788 to the 5th January 1791; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The First of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Note, The other of the said Accounts was, by Reason of a Mistake therein, withdrawn, pursuant to an Order of the House of the 12th Instant, and another presented.

Vol.46.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from the Account!. Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by presented. Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce, paid into the Ex- Perfumery, chequer, of the Duties on Perfumery, imposed by an Act of the Twenty-sixth George III. from the Time of their Commencement to the 5th of January 1787, and from the 5th of January 1787 to the 5th of January 1791; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Gross Produce of the additional Additional Stamp Duties imposed by an Act of the Twenty-ninth Stamp George III. from the Time of their Commencement to l)uUes* the 5th of January 1790, and from the 5th of January 179a to the 5th of January 1791.

And then he withdrew.

Anti the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider further *"

of the Bill for regulating the Importation and Expor- again relation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on committed Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Bl1*-Corn exported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 9th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, being the Creditors on the Tolls against the arising upon the Turnpike Road leading from Mark- Lou^bo‘ field Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over - ^fester ley, otherwise Chanmood Forest, through the Town of Canal Bill. Whitxvick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Riley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road above described, from MarkfieldTurnpike to and through Talbot Lane,

was heretofore in very bad Condition, and in many Places ruinous and dangerous, and the Petitioners, or those under whom they claim, subscribed several Sums of Money, to the Amount of 971. 15$. for the Purpose of making the same a Turnpike Road; and that the only Object in making the said Turnpike Road, which goes near to the Collieries at Swanning-ton and Coal Orton,in the County of Leicester, was for opening a uearer and more commodious Passage for Coals from thence to the Turnpiko Road between the Town of Leicester and the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, at Markfield Turnpike, and thereby producing a more regular Supply of Coals to the Town of Leicester and its Neighbourhood, at a reduced Price; and that the Tolls taken upon the said Road almost wholly arise from the Carriage of Coals thereon, and such Tolls for several Years past have scarcely been sufficient to pay Interest at the Rate of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Cent, for the Money subscribed as aforesaid, and now owing to the Petitioners, on the Credit thereof, and leave a very small Sum to be applied in the Repair of the said Road; and that the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House for making and maintaining a

Navigable

A. 1791.

11° — 12°

Martis, 12’ die A;

Anno 310 Georgii III. U Regis, 1791.

Pravehs.

fORDERED, That all have Voices who come to Voicesu the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Na- Committee

° - on Melton

Navigable Communication between the Loughborough Canal and the Town of Leicester:, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways, or Stone Roads, and Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the same by passing along the said Canal to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester,

and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands, the Petitioners are apprehensive that their Securities on the said Tolls will be greatly reduced in Value, if not totally annihilated, as the Coals which have usually been carried along the said Road, and produced almost the Whole of the Tolls taken thereon, will be conveyed by Means of the said intended Navigable and other Communications, some Branch whereof, the Petitioners are informed, will go very near to the Extremity of the said Road at Snape Gate:

And therefore praying, That a Clause, or Clauses, may be inserted in the said Bill, to indemnify the Petitioners against such Diminution of the Tolls on the said Road as they are apprehensive will take Place when such intended Navigable and other Communications are finished, and whereby their said Securities will become lessened, if not totally destroyed, as aforesaid, or that they may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their said Securities, or be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of their Petition, if they think fit. in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

vigable the Rivers JVreakand Eye, from the Junction Mowbray of the said River JVreak with the intended Naviga- Navigation tion from Loughborough to Leicester, at or near a cer- Bill, tain Place called Turnwaler Meadow in the Lordship of Cossington, to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Tarvin Incertain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish closure bill of Tarvin, in the County of Chester, was read the Passed-Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 71. 1. 31. To leave out the Clause declaring it to be a Public Act.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Staunton's Estate Bill committed.

mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of or belonging to Thomas Staunton, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Manchester Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Presto-lee Cuna1 bill Bridge, in the Township of Little Lever, and from thence by one Branch, to or near the Town of Bolton, and by another Branch to or near the Town of Bury, all

of Essex, Suffolk, and Buckingham, in Trustees, to be in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the 'Third sold, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom, Time.

in such Manner as therein is mentioned, was read Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bram-ston, Mr. Steele, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Consideration of 1m-

Sdk^rapes, whole House, to consider of the Importation into Great &c. deferred. Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies, of the Manufacture of Italy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchestei' to or near Presto-lee Bridge, in the Township of Little Lever, and from thence by one ’

Branch to or near the Town of Bolton, and by another Branch to or near the Town of Bury, and to Weddell Brook, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Archbishop Act for establishing and confirming a- certain Ex- ?.f X01*’ &c' change agreed upon between his Grace the Arch- ntli com-bishop of York and William Markham, Esquire, of cer- mitted. tain Lands and Hereditaments of the said Archbishop, called Beckey Grange, in the Parish of Abberj'ord, in

Resolved, That this House will,upon/Tednesday Morn- the County of York, for certain Lands and Heredita-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

ments of the said William Markham, situate at -

tliorne, and Crakehall, in the Parishes of Bedale and Hornby, or One of them, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Milner, Mr. Crewe &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Jercoise reported from the Committee, to whom Flimwell the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Vent Road Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His Bill reported, present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through

i<2° Aptills.

405

Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to

Coopers Comer, in the said County of Sussex, and for Passage, leading from Bull Alley, West., to Church

repairing and widening a Piece of Road communi- Court, East, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the Paring, eating with some of the Roads comprized in the said County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and 1

4 if ft #. I ir i rpi 1 P rpi 4 1) . r J

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition for are thereunto subscribed, Owners, Occupiers, and Inhabitants of Houses, in a certain Lane, Alley, or to Christ

Acts, called Whitebread Lane, was. committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Dill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application is making to the House for a Bill to pave; cleanse, light, watch, regulate, and improve The Upper Ground Street, and other Streets and Places, within the said Parish of Christ Church; and that the said Lane,

to report to the House; and he read the Report in Alley, or Passage, is very little used as a Thoroughfare,

I - _ J _ . I _ I *_ J aL TI I I '*1 mm <4 4 r* m 11 m /v Til An in fKn 1»f P v rvi A

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tl»e Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Commitee, to whom Bill to repeal so much of an Act of the Eleventh

reported.

Fyfield and

Newbridge Roads Bill pamd.

Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at in the

Parish of Mountjicld, in the County of Sussex, to Cripp's

Corner, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckly, and from Staple Cross to Water Corn

Mill, at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County, as relates to the said Roads from Staple Cross to the Turnpike Road near the said Windmill, and from Staple Cross to Longlcys Water Corn Mill aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the rest of the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of Berks, to Saint Johns Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and from an Inn called The Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of which

stands in the said County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

FxjJidd, in the County of Berks, to Johns Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and from an Inn, called The Hinds Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which stands in the said County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Loveden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Voj.. 46.

and is a lurking Place in the Night Time for Thieves and other ill-disposed Persons, and it would be a great Convenience and Accommodation to the Petitioners if so much of the said Lane, Alley, or Passage, as lies between a House in the Occupation of Edward LeJ'ort, and the East End of an Iron Foundry

in the Occupation of James Lukin, was discontinued as a Public Highway, and shut up: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for shutting up the said Part of the said Lane, Alley, or Passage, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses or Inhabitants within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Slater Milne be added to the Member Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring added to bring in, a Bill for establishing a Company for carrying on Leoptlsettlt-Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the m*ntBiU. Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade.

Mr. Slater Milnes presented to the House, according Sierra Leon* to Order, a Bill for establishing a Company for carrying g*}*leent on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain and ge'ntej[e* the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries, of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Com- Kington and mittee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining Leominster a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Emitted Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join -the River Bill reported, Severn, near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

5 L Ordered,

12° Apr

A. 1791 „

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be to Brough under in the County of West

The Lords have agreed

to Lewes Road Bill.

Milford and Stainton Roud Bill.

The Lords have passed Webb’s, &c. Estate Bill.

ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and

Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and

widening the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmstone, in

the County of Sussex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for opening a new Road from Milford, in the County of Pembroke, to Stainton, and for amending and A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Norton rathe widening the Road from the said new Road, through Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Cluy Inclo* Stainton and Johnson, to Merlin's Bridge, in the same Manor or Township of Norton in the , in the County, without any Amendment: And also, North Riding of the County of York, was read a comnu

..... Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilber force, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

morland, and for repairing and w idening the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works at Taylor Rigg, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitt's, and also the Road from Barrow's Brow to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties, and also from Tan Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks and Punchatt Pasture West , to Whaw Lane Head, and by Lilly Jocks to was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Robinson, Mr. Blackburne,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to empower Nathaniel Webb, Esquire, and others, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Clerk. «f Act for regulating the Offices of Clerks of Assize, Assize Bill An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Associates, and Clerks of Indictments, was read a Second c<MnmUte<1,

Christleton

Inclosure Bill certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor

passed.

and Township of Christleton, in the County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Christleton, in the county of.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Three Weeks, the 9th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Maidstone Paving, &c. Bill committed.

A Bill for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes,

The House was moved, That the Order made Felony Re-Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a ward. BiB Committee of the whole House, upon the 3d Day of d*krre<*»

and other Public Passages and Places, within the King’s May next, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,

Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for re* intituled, An Act to regulate the Distribution of Rewards moving and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, in Cases of Felony; and to enable Persons convicted of Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for better supplying Petty Larceny to be Witnesses, might be read, the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways And the said Order being read accordingly;

within the Parish of Maidstone, was read a Second Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Time. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Three

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bloxam, Weeks, the 9th Day of May next, resolve itself into the Mr. Glover, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, said Committee, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Sir William Chambers Account,*, A Bill to enable Baldwin Duppa Hancom, of attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar,

Hollingbourne, in the County of Kent, Esquire, and his presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, mersetPlac

Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of An Account of the Money expended on the Works at predated.

Duppa, pursuant to the Will of BaldwinDuppa, late Somerset Place, from the Commencement to Lady Day

of Hollingbourne aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, was read 1791, and an Estimate of the Sum which will be necessary a Second Time. to complete the same; shewing how much of the Money

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edmund expended has been accounted for according to the Course Bastard, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this of the Exchequer, and for how much of the Remainder Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Vouchers have been produced to the Person appointed to

Chamber. superintend the Works carrying on under the Direction of Sir William Chambers,

Lowes Road A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two And then he withdrew.

Bill com- Acts, of the Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, And the Title of the said Account was read.

*iUed- and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for The said Account is as followeth; viz.

repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York,

Duppa’s (Junior) Name Bill committed.

Ao

'kt

»- r T. ' I*

i* < ?

k

i*

O

An ACCOUNT of the Money expended on the Works at Somerset Place, from the Commencement to Lady Day 1791, and an Estimate of the Sum which will be necessary to complete the same; shewing how much of the Money expended has been accounted for according to the Course of the Exchequer, and for how much of the Remainder Vouchers have been produced to the Person appointed to superintend the Works carrying on under the Direction of Sir Chambers: Made up in pursuance of an Order of the Right

produced to the Person appointed to superintend honourable House of Commons, of 11th April 1791.

US

W

O

A* 177G -

77 -

78

79 -

12,399

16,011

25,495

29,892

11

19

16 10

4t

8*

n

X P A*

ENDED:

1780

81

82

83

35,486

25-393

25,305

29,578

83,799

10

*9

15

8

6 i

11 *

2

2i

10i

A" 1784

85

86

87

Amount of the Money accounted for, according to the Course of the Exchequer -A® 1788 and 1789, now under the Superintendant’s Inspection -The 1790 and 1791 Bills, up to March 25th, amount by Computation to -

Total Amount of the Works at Somerset Place, till 25th March 1791

21,579 16 6i

35,468 14 9

35,28i 5 7

30,810 *5 7i

199,563 14 9 i

322,704 7 4*

29,55* — 1 i

12,000 . —

Upon Account of which there has been issued to Sir William Chambers.

1776

1777

1778

1779

1780

1781

1782

7,000 ——

21.000 — —

34.000 ——

28.000 -r* --

30,969 ——

12,265 7 1 i

30,078 8 6

1783

1784

1785

1786

1787

1788

1789

34,212

20,000

20,000

30,000

33,607

21,793

25,000

163,312

12 9

12

15

Total issued

Old Materials amount to

347,926 9,537 11

Arrear due

51

7 i 9*

364,255 7 6

357,463 11 9*

6,791 15 8 i

The Sum which will be necessary to complete the Works, being.

To build Two Commissioners of the Navy’s Houses, and finish Three; to build Three Commissioners of Victualling’s Houses; a House for the First Commissioner of Sick and Hurt Seamen; a House for the Paymaster of the Navy. — To complete the West Street, and the Ways under it; to build the Gate of Entrance to the said Street, similar to that on the East Side of the Great Court; to make Two Flights of Stone Steps from the Water Gates to the River, and Two others from the Ends of the Great Terrace down to the Water Gates and Arcades; to complete the Treasurer of the Navy’s Kitchen, and Comptroller of Hawkers Apartment; finish the Privy Seal and Signet Offices; and also that of the Surveyor of Crown Lands; with various trifling Works, including Salaries, Wages to Labourers, and Watchmen, lighting up, cleansing, carting, working the Water Engines, &c. till the Whole is completely finished.

Arrears due, as per other Side -

Total wanted to pay Arrears, and complete the Works ... £.?.

32,200 ——

6,791 »5 8 *

38,991 15 81

o

o

o

rT

0

1

April 12th, 1791.

William Chambers.

►d C/3

ET §

n 3 p a>

12" April is.

A. 1791.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Webb’s, &c. Estate Bill, read.

An ingrossed Gill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower Nathaniel Webb, Esquire, and others, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Giles in the , in the County of Middlesex, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed of a Mistake in the Account Account of the Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, w'tlldraW8> of the additional Duty on Spirituous Liquor Licences, orde^tlle, imposed by an Apt of the Twenty-seventh George III. from the Commencement thereof to the 5th January 1788, and from 5th January 1788 to the 5th January 1791, distinguishing each Year; which was Yesterday presented to the House;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account instead thereof.

Petition from Dartmouth respecting the Newfoundland Fishery.

others concerned The House being informed that Mr. Waring, from Account of

in the Newfoundland^Trade and 1'ishery, resident in Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he Dut)'011 and near the Port of Dartmouth, in the Coujity of was cai|ec[ in. an<T at the Bar, presented to the House, Spirituous Devon, was presented to the House and read ^Setting ant to their Order, £"?eun0cres

forth, That the Newfoundland Fishery hath formerly An Account of the Net Produce paid into the Ex- presented,

been a very beneficial Irade to this Kingdom, and a chequer, of the additional Duty on Spirituous Liquor Nursery for hardy and experienced- Seamen and it LicenCes, imposed by an Act of the Twenty-seventh hath heretofore been promoted and encouraged by the George III. from the Commencement thereof to the Wisdom of Parliament, and Laws enacted for making 5th J 1788, and from the 5th January 1788 to it free from all Exactions; and that, from the Burthens t|ie 1791; distinguishing each Year,

and Restrictions under which the said Trade now And then he withdrew,

labours, it is at this Time, and for some Years past hath And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

kids

1 Amfndn

iJrari' Same 1:

Efctilt

been, in a very declining State, all of those concerned therein having sunk large Sums of Money, and many been totally ruined: That the Nature of the Trade is such as to require the utmost Care, Assiduity, and

t\ji- -r , tj Tvwi^f cnmo Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of

ikl J(STS Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bill, made gjl-j. trdl be likely to rum a whole Voyage, from the M by virtue of an Act_ pilssed in ^7^, Session of

Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety."

peculiar Attention necessary for curing Fish for a Market, and the Shortness of the Time for that Purpose; and that the Laws in Force in the Island of Newfoundland, in the Reign of King William the Third, are now effectual for affording ample Redress on every Occasion, and the Establishment of any new Court of Common Pleas, or any other new Court of Law, in

Dffilbri

tadlL

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, Report of that Island, is quite unnecessary, and can be ealeu- who were appointed to examine the Lists of Niue Per- Members t« lated for no’ other Purpose than increasing Fees for sons Names to be the Select Committee to whom it is the private Emolument of a few Individuals, and by referred to examine and state the several Accounts, and pubuc in-subjecting the Merchants, their Agents, or Boat- other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of come and keepers, to be summoned to serve on Juries, or for Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Ex- Expenditure* any other Purpose, or fined for their Neglect, and penditure, and to report to the House what has been encouraging idle and disorderly Servants and Fishermen the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expen-to neglect their Masters Service in the most busy and diture during the last Five Years, and what may be important Season for catching and curing Fish, and, to expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future, apply on every frivolous Occasion to the Officers of and also what Alteration has taken Place in the the said Court, whose Interest it will be to promote Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of such vexatious Applications, will leave the Merchants Jamary 1786; and to report to the House upon which entirely at the Mercy of the Officers of the Court, and Nine Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee the Trade and Fishery must inevitably be ruined; had examined the lists accordingly, and had directed and that the Petitioners clearly foresaw, and repre- him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the sented to the Lords Committee of Trade, that the Esta- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-blishment of a Custom House in the Island of Next’found- wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the land would be no way beneficial, but create an unneces- same was read; and is as followeth; sary Burthen and Expence to Government, and be a great The Committee find that the Majority hath fallen Detriment and Prejudice to the Trade, and the Event upon the following Persons; viz.

SsUw

-tot

'sail

JkPo

hath clearly proved the Truth of their Representations, for, by the needless Restraints of the said Custom House, the Seizure and Confiscation of Vessels for small Irregularities of the Masters (by which no Loss whatever could possibly arise to the Revenue of this Kingdom) added to the exorbitant Fees demanded and taken by the Officers of the Customs, the Newfoundland Fishery hath decreased very considerably within a few Years last past, and in an alarming Manner within the Two last Years, there being at this Time a large

William Hussey, Esquire - - 315

William Esquire - - 3*3

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, 243 Samuel Thornton, Esquire, - - 223

The Right honourable Dudley Ryder, 218 Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, - 209

Stuart, Esquire, - - >99

John Sargent, Esquire, - - - *99

Matthew Montagu, Esquire, - - *93

___ _____, D a Ordered, That the said Committee, or any ^*ve

Number of Vessels, and Thousands of Fishermen, out them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the of Employment, and the Trade in great Danger of Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to being totally lost to this Kingdom; and therefore send for Persons, Papers, and Records, praying the House to take the Petitioners Case into Ordered, That the said Committee have L^ave to

Consideration, and to afford them such Relief in the sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. Premises as the House may see necessary. Ordered, That the Account which was presented to

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the the House upon Friday last by Mr. Rose; the Account Table. presented Yesterday by Mr. Brent, from the Office^for

31 Geo. III.

12° Ap rilis.

409

— n

k-J,

Affairs of Taxes; the first Account presented by Mr. Throne, that the Situation of Affairs continued to pro-lVcbb,from the Commissioners of Excise; and also, the mise to this Country the uninterrupted Enjoyment of Two Accounts presented by Mr. Lloyd, from the Com- the Blessings of Peace;

Lords

Amendment to Tra (foul's Name Hill agreed to.

missioned for managing the Duties arising by Stamps; together with the Account this Day presented to the House by Mr. /faring,from the Commissioners of Excise, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Dame Jane Widow

and Relict of Sir Clement Knight, deceased,

to take and use the Surname of Southwell, pursuant to the Will of Edxi'trrd Southwell, Esquire, deceased.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 37. Leave out " only."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Anstruther do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Donsfordand An ingrossed Bill to continue and amend an Act, of B^'ybn°k Y" fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter

:s > r

J AtX

jWSKd.

Turnpike, at llecdyGate, in the Parish of Duns ford, in the County of Devon, to in the Forest

of Dartmoore, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, convinced of the Truth of the Assurances which we have received from the Throne, this House has hitherto considered the Interest of Great Britain as not likely to be affected by the Progress of the Russian Arms on the Borders of the Black Sea;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-, posed, That this Country is not bound by any Treaty to furnish Assistance to any of its Allies, except in the Case of an Attack upon them;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That none of the Possessions of this Country, or of any of its Allies, appear to be threatened with an hostile Attack from any foreign Nation

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now pul;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Expence of an Armament must be burthensome to the Country, and is,- under the present

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Circumstances, as far as this House is informed, highly be. An Act to continue and amend an Act of the inexpedient and unnecessary;

r*.i

T*' |

Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of in the County of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in the Forest of Dartmoore, in the said County.

And the previous Question Question be now put*;

It passed in the Negative.

being

put, That that

Motions it-specting Russia and The Porte.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Orkney and Ordered, That Mr. Edmund Bastard do carry the Thursday last, for taking into Consideration, To-mor- ZetlandElec- Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. row, the Petition of Colonel Thomas Dundas; and also, donPetitions

the Petition of Charles Junes, Clerk to His Majesty’s de erre A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Signet, Gilbert Meason, Esquire, of Rothiesholm, Cap-posed, That it is at all Times, and particularly under tain Alexander , of GreenwaU, Malcolm

the present Circumstances, the Interest of this Country Esquire, Advocate, Sir Thomas Dundas, of Kerse, Baronet, and of Charles Dundas, Esquire, being Freeholders put, That that of the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said

being

Tellers for the Yeas,

St.

to preserve Peace;

And the previous Question Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

fSir James

[Mr. Adam:

Tellers for the Noes, {Jj|/ ’

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question

Claii-y

J

being

173-

253-

pro-

Stewartry, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Thursday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Quebec Bin Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- deferred. mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Bill to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more " effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North Amer," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Cath*!ic

posed, That it is neither reasonable nor just to take up Arms, for the Purpose of dictating Terms of Peace between Nations engaged in Hostilities, without any Reference either to the Cause of the Disputer, or the Circumstances of the War;

And the pr^ious Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Refusal of an Offer of Mediation is no just Cause of War;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That during the Progress of the War between

Russia and The Porte, and since the taking of Oczalioff,

this House has received repeated Assurances from the Friday last, for reading the Third Time, Tomorrow Dissenter* Vox.. 46, - ’* 1

M

Morning,

Bill deferred*

1

A. 1791.

12° — 14° Aprilis.

410

Morning, the Bill (if ingrossed) to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, Persons called Protesting Catholic Dissenters, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Supply de- The House was moved, That the Order made Yes-

ferred. terday, for the House to resolve, itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That die stud Order be discharged

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and The House was moved, That the Order made Yes-Means dc* terday, for the House to resolve itself into a Com-

ferred. mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committees Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to sit, to sit. notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Two of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 14* die Aprilis;

Anno 3t# Georgii IIl, B Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

Proceedings fT'HE Hour appointed for taking into Considera-on Orkney X tion the Petition of Colonel Thomas Dundas Election3"*1 an(* a^S0) Petition of Charles Innes, Clerk to His Petitions. Majesty’s Signet, Gibert Meason, Esquire, of Rothiesholm, Captain Alexander Grctme, of Malcolm Laing,

Esquire, Advocate, Sir Thomas Dundas, of Kerse, Baronet, and of Charles Dundas, Esquire, being Freeholders of the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Stewartry, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Dorchester Sir Gilbert Elliot, from the Select Committee, wha Election de- were appointed to try and determine the Merits of termmed. tj,e petjtion of the Honourable Cropley Ashley; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That the Merits of the Petitions did in Part depend upon

the Right of Election; and that, thereupon, the sai Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for wluch they respectively contended.

That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Petitioner, the Honourable Cropley , delivered in a Statement as follows:

" The Counsel for the Petitioner state the Right " of Election to be in the Inhabitants of the said " Borough paying to Church and Poor, in respect of " their Personal Estates; and in such Persons as pay " to Church and Poor, in respect of their Real Estates " within the said Borough, according as the same has " been declared by the last Determination of the " House of Commons, on the 18 th of May, in the " Year 1720."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member, the Honourable George Darner, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Counsel for the Sitting Member state, That " the Right of Election of Members to serve in " Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the " County of Dorset, is in the Inhabitants of the said " Borough, who are bound by Law to pay, ami do " pay, to Church and Poor, in respect of their Personal Estates; and in such Persons who are bound " by Law to pay, and do pay, to Church and " Poor, in respect of their Real Estates, within the " said Borough."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Petitioner, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, so far as the said Right is therein described.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Dorchester.

That the said Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them, touching the Right of Election for the said Borough of Dorchester, have determined,

That, pursuant to the last Determination of the House of Commons, the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of,

in the County of Dorset, is in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying to Church and Poor, in respect of their Personal Estates; and in such Persons as pay to Church and Poor, in respect of their Real Estates, within the said Borough, though not Inhabitants or Occupiers, and although their Names do not appear upon the Poors Rate.

That the said Select Committee have also determined,

That the Honourable George Darner is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the Coanty of Dorset:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Cropley Ashley, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Dorchester:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Honourable Cropley Ashley is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Dorchester:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That

31 Geo. III.

14° — 15° Aprilis.

411

That the Petition of the said Honourable Ashley did not apear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said several Persons whose

and Return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That the Merits of the Petitions did, in Part, depend upon the Right of Election; and that, thereupon, the said Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, State-

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Electors of the Borough of Dor- . ments in Writing of the Right of Election for which chester, in the County of Dorset, did not appear to the they respectively contended.

said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious: That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the

And also. That the said Select Committee have de- Petitioners, John Drummond and Robert Drummond,

Dorchester Return to be amended.

Amended.

termined,

That the Opposition of the said Honourable George Darner to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, forthwith, with the last Return for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, and amend the same, by rasing out the Name of the Honourable George Darner, and inserting the Name of the Honourable Cropley Ashley instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

Esquires, and for the said Petition -of the Electors, delivered in a Statement as follows:

" The Petitioners state, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the " Borough of Ludgershall, is in such Persons who " have any Estate of Inheritance, or Freehold, or " Leasehold, determinable upon Life or Lives, within " the Borough, according as the same has been dedared by the last Determination in the House of " Commons, on the nth of February, in the Year " 1698."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member, the Honourable William Asheton and also, for the Honourable John Thomas who by Order

ConsiHera-

of the House, of the 16th Day of February last, was admitted to appear as a Party before the said Select Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Committee, in the room of George Augustus Selxoyn, tionofOrk- Eighty-two Members only being present, Mr. Speaker Esquire, deceased, the other Member returned to Imd^lection directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for serve in Parliament for the said Borough, delivered in Petitions de- taking the said Petitions, complaining of an undue a Statement as follows:

fared.

Election and Return for the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, the Clock.

Veneris, 15* die Aprilis; Anno 31* Georgii III. U Regis, 1791.

TH

tii

The said last mentioned Counsel contend, That by the Words in the last Resolution of the House of Commons, viz. " That the Right of Election for " Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough " of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, is in such by Mr. " Persons as have any Estate of Inheritance or Free-Ten of hold, or Leasehold, determinable upon Life or " Lives, within the said Borough," are meant only such Persons as have any Estate of Inheritance, or

----- ----- Freehold, or Leasehold, determinable upon Life or Lives,

in entire ancient Houses, or the entire Scites of ancient Houses, within the said Borough.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the Borough of

Praters.

E Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, so far as the said

titions considered.

Orkney and

Zetland J. tion the Petition of Colonel Thomas Dundas

®j.ect‘on Pe* and also, the Petition of Charles Innes, Clerk to His That, upon the Statement delivered in by the

Majesty’s Signet, Gilbert Meason, Esquire, of Rothies- Counsel for the said Sitting Member, the Honourable holm. Captain Alexander Granne, of Greemcall, Malcolm William Asheton Harbord, and for the said Honourable Lahig, Esquire, Advocate, Sir Thomas Dundas, of Kerse, Baronet, and of Charles Dundas, Esquire, being Freeholders of the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Stewartry, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker said Borough of Ludgershall, have determined, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and re- That, pursuant to the last Determination of the quire the Attendance of the Members on the Business House of Commons, the Right of voting for Members

Right is therein described.

John Thomas Townshend, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Ludgershall.

That the said Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them, touching the Right of Election for the

Lndgersh&ll Election determined.

of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Thomas Master, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Drummond and Robert Drummond, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament

of Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall is in such Persons who have any Estate of Inheritance, or Freehold, or Leasehold determinable upon Life or Lives, within the Borough, not confined to entire ancient Houses, or the entire Scites of ancient Houses, within the Borough.

That the said Select Committee have also determined.

That George Augustus Sclzoyn, Esquire, deceased, was

duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-

for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of ment for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an uadue Election Wilts:

V01. 46. And

15° A prills.

A. 1791.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable William Ashcton Hurbord is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ludgershall:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said John Drummond and Robert Drummond, Esquires, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Electors of the Borough of Ludgei'shall, in the County of Wilts, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Honourable William Asketon Harbord to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Honourable John Thomas Townshend to the said several Petitions, did not

appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Petitioner Complaining of an undue Election and Return; Two as then serving on Select Committees; Thirty-two on Account of be.v-this Session, served on Select Com-

IsiB

vied.

m

and Two as

on

having

voted at the

mittees;

Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

being

Ludgershall

'Writ.

Mr. Thomas Wyndham reported from the Committee, Abemant to whom tl»e Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, aiK' Neath, and Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Parishes ^anal Pel*\ of Ystradyj'odoch, Glyncorrug, Ca and Lantxdt

juxta Neath and Neath, in the County of Glamorgan, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was read; and-is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Dadford, being examined, said, That the making and maintaining a Canal for the Navigation of Boats,

Barges and other Vessels, from or near a certain Place called Abemant, in the Parish of Cadoxton, to and

Cto

Hub

frdin

yci

through a certain Place called The near

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Pill, within the Parish of Neath, into the

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for River of Neath, near the Town of Neath, within the the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- County of Glamorgan, will open a Communication

Proceedings on Orkney and Zetland Election Petitions*

liament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, in the room of George Augustus Esquire, deceased.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Fifty-one Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House

with several extensive Mines and Works, Lime Stone Quarries, Woods of Timber Trees, and Collieries, and will also be of great Public Utility. — And the Witness added, That the Canal as proposed to be, made will run nearly parallel with the River Neath, and that it will be necessary to cross it in certain Places, in some of which Places, instead of crossing it at right Angles, it may be found expedient that the Navigation should be continued for some small Distance in the Fed of the River.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Canal or Navigable Communication, from or near a certain Place called Abemant,

tei

it.]

ftiit

in the County of Glamorgan, to and through a certain were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Place called The near Melincrythan Pill,

Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Man- into the River of Neath, near the Town of Neath, in the said County: And that Mr. Wyndham and Mr.

Si

S*i

in

ner.

And the Names of Six Members, then present, were Bice do prepare, and bring in, the same drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Lewis Alexander Grant, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Forty-two other Members, theti present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir James St. Clair Erskine,

Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who- was not objected to.

Note. That in the course of drawing the said Names, the Name of Francis Page, Esquire, was drawn, who having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Forty-nine other Members then present, were drawn and set aside, Four on Account *of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Eight against whose Election Petitions were depending; One as being a 8

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Livingstone. Acts, made for repairing the Hoads from Livingstone, rIm1?I??£)'v‘ by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and committed, by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Strathaven, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Ayr,at or near Lochgate, to the Town of Strathaven; and for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Airdrie towards the City of Glasgow, through the Village of Shettlcstone,till it falls into the Great Road from Muriehall to the said City, and for repairing the Road from the said Great Road, by Drygate and Whitchill, to Carntyne, and for repairing and widening several other Roads, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near and for

opening and making certain Streets in and near the.

City of Glasgow, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Steuart Denham, Mr. Vyner, &c.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr.

31 Geo. III. 15° Aprilis»

413

Macclesfield Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Road Bill re- the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, po led’ passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, over the Long Moss and Monks to the Turnpike

Road in Nether Tabley, in the said County, and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Cfa&ttemand A Bill for embanking and draining certain Fen Wimbluigton Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Chat* Bill com- C* teru an(^ Dodington,in the Isle of Ely, and County of jnittML Cambridge; and for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Hamlet of Wimbling ton, in the said Parish of Dodington, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Cocks, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the Manor and Parish of Fritivell, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Roger Mostyn presented to the House, according Dee River to Order, a Bill for confirming an Agreement entered Company's into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation ed, of the River Dee, and certain Lords of Manors lying below, or to the South East of Greenfield in the County of Flint, on the South Side of the said River Dee, and other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons, and the Old Common Salt Marshes, lying on the South Side of the said River, and below, or to the South East of Greenfield Gate aforesaid, and an Award made in Consequence thereof, and for erecting Part of the said Company’s Lands into a separate Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Colonel Egerton presented to the House, according Buckingham to Order, a Bill for amending and widening several 40(1 Brackley Pieces of Road, and opening and making several Road ® Pieces of new Roa4 therein described, so as to make a presen convenient Carriage Road from Buckingham through Brackley to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury: And rthe same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Surrey Gaol, An ingrossed Bill for building a new Common Gaol and Session House, with Accommodations thereto, for the County of Surrey, and for disposing of the present County Gaol, and the Ground thereto belonging, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for building a new Commoo Gaol and Session House, with Accommodations thereto, for the County of Surrey, and for disposing of the present County Gaol, and the Ground thereto belonging.

Ordered, That Lord Russell do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

SwansraHor- Mr. Thomas Wyndham presented to the House, ac-bour cording to Order, a Bill for repairing, enlarging, and

preaen t preserving, the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of

Glamorgan: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

pT^rru* Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the reported.* for lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets,

Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Old Swinford, in the County of Worcester, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by4the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Robert Belsches, of Greenyards, Esquire, Mr. Belsehes’ was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice Petition of the Bill for building and maintaining a Bridewell against Edin-and Correction House in, and for, the City and County g"jjgh Ga0 of Edinburgh; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is possessed of a very valuable Estate lying within the said City, which he conceives will be considerably affected by the Operation of the said Bill, in the Event of its being passed into a Law as it now stands: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or by Counsel, to shew Cause why the said Bill should not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if be thinks fit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin be added to the Gentle- Member men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill added to pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right '"D^eU honourable Sampson Lord Eardley, Lord of the Manor iUere gjj' of Nettleton, in the County of Lincoln; and of the several other Person^ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of, or interested in, Estates within the said Lordship.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing, allotting, and Holy Island inclosing, a certain Stinted Pasture, Common, or Tract of Inclosure Bill Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of Holy deferred. Island, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon the ancient Infield Lands within the said Island, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

FHtwell In- Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to closure Bill Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and

presented. Voi. 46.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Nettleton Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the insiosure Bill

5 'N Open presented.

If)0 Apr

A. 1791.

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, the Advantages of a free Navigation and Commerce and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Nettleion, in hitherto carried on in the River Sierra , and the the County of Lincoln; And the same was received; and intermediate Country from thence to the River read the First Time. ranca, inclusively, and give to the Persons so applying

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. a Monopoly of Trade in Camwood, enhance the Price

of that valuable Commodity to the British Manufac-ffetition A Petition of 'the thereunder signed Merchants of turer, and be, in many Respects, prejudicial to the Com-

against the Lancaster, trading to Africa and the West India Islands, mercial Interest of this Country: And therefore praying,

Settlement0* on themselves and others concerned in the That such Bill may not pass into a Law.

Bill. said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; Ch'dered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Table, untill the Bill for establishing a Company for Votes, that Application hath been made, by Robert carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Hunter, of London, and others associated with him, for Britain and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries, of Leave to bring in a Bill to make them a Body Corpo- Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold, by rate, for the Purpose of carrying on such Trade, as is Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, therein stated, by the Name of Saint George's Bay Com- and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain pany, and for granting them the sole Use, Property, District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of and Possession, of a certain District, called The Benin- Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging sula of Sierra Leona, as now vested in His Majesty, to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said and for making further Purchases, as therein men- Company to carry on the said Trade, be read a Second tioned; and that Sierra Leona has ever been a Free and Time.

Open Port to all European Nations trading to Africa,

and auy Monopoly of this Country must therefore Mr. presented to the House, according to Chaddesden

operate as a Restriction to British Subjects only, for, in Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open or Inclosure Bill the Definitive Treaty of Peace between His Majesty Common Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Preseated*

and the Most Christian King, signed at Versailles, the Grounds, within the Liberty of Chaddesden, in the Parish

3d of September 1783, it was stipulated, that " the of Spondon, and County of And the same was

" English and French Subjects shall continue to resort received; and read the First Time. u to that Part of the Coast of Africa, according to the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

" Usage which had hitherto prevailedarid that such

exclusive Grant would likewise be an Infringement of Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley be added to the Member the Rights of British Subjects, secured to them by the Act Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, added to of the Twenty-fifth of George the Second, Chap. 31, a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Navmatwo* which enacts, " that it shall and may be lawful for all between Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the Bill,6

" His Majesty’s Subjects to trade to dr from any Port or County of Sussex; and for the better draining of the

w Place in Africa, between Sallee and the Cape of Good Low Lands lying in Lewes and Levels, in the

" Hope, without any Restraint whatsoever;’’ and that said County, the Petitioners apprehend, the Persons applying for

such exclusive Grant are influenced by Motives of Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, according Ouze Navi-

Privafe Interest, and the Expectation of a lucrative to Order, a Bill for improving the Navigation of the l=ation Bill Monopoly, utterly repugnant to the Spirit of Com- River Ouze, between Newharen Bridge and Lewes Presente<1, mercial Freedom, and an established System of Com- Bridge, in the County of Sussex; and for the better merce. for, if the Views of the Petitioners for such ex- draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton elusive Grant are only what they set forth, to erect Levels, in the said County: And the same was received;

Places of Security for their Goods and the Persons and read the First Time.

" in their Service, to conduct a General Commerce Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

" upon the Western Coast of Africa, and the interior

" Countries of that Continent,*’ every requisite Provi- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for *ion, as the Petitioners apprehend, is already granted His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to Papers re. to such Persons, in common with the rest of His Ma- give Directions that there be laid before this House, jesty’s Subjects, by the 28th Section of the said Act, Copies or Extracts of all Letters or Papers received by th^Negroes which provides, " that it shall and may be lawfol for His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Depart- in Dominica. " any of His Majesty’s Subjects, trading to Africa, ment from the Governor of Dominica, containing Inforto erect Houses and Warehouses for the Security of mation respecting the late Insurrection of the Negroes in " their Goods arid Slaves, under the Protection of the the Island of Dominica.

" said Forts, or elsewhere, in any other Part of Africa Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His " within the Limits aforesaid, for the better carrying Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His " on their Trade thereand that the River Sierra Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Lcma, from its advantageous Situation, and the Security of its Harbour, is the only Port in a Range of at A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lord* least Sixteen Hundred Miles of Coast, where vessels, Pepys: have agreed

exceeding the Size "of a Long Boat, can enter at all Mr. Speaker, to

Times without a Pilot, consequently is of the utmost The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Deal Paving Importance, not only to Vessels trading immediately for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the Highways, Bill* there, but to others that require either Repairs, or an Streets, and Lanes, within the Tow n and Borough of occasional Supply of Wood, Water, and Provisions, Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and in their Passage to or from other Parts of the Coast, preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and a Monopoly of the said Trade would also raise the and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment:

Price of Rice (a necessary Article in an AfricanVoy- And also,

age to the 'Health of both White Men and Blacks) The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act King’s s«dg-which, with other Articles of Provision, have hitherto for draining and dividing a certain Moor, or Tract of moor Drain-been furnished in great Quantities by the Natives of Waste Land, called King's Scdgmoor, in the County of ®fie. &c. Bill. that Part of Africa to the British Shipping, at reason- Somerset; without any Amendment: And also, able Rates; and that, if the Application be granted The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Southampton to the Exterit prayed for, it would effectually exclude for taking down and re-building the Parish Church Church Bill, the Petitioners, arid His Majesty’s other Siibjects, from of All Saints, within the Town and County of the

7 Town

Thn:(

Nvcrii

Ohijj

E

We*tw

*?«« I Cickki

kl'iH

E

1

(Me

iTadu

l/tti

% 12 w Asjea

r.nt ]

hn(

Llirt

Kite

till

31 Geo. III.

15° Apr

415,

Town of Southampton, und for purchasing Land for the And your Committee, thinking it MC^ry Purpose of a Church Yard, fur tire Use of the said the Degree of Heat within the Heme at al m es as

Bill

Westwitter-

ing and Cackham Inclosure Bill.

certained, called before them Mr. Junior,

who laid before them an Estimate of the Expence of Two Thermometers to be placed in the House, amounting to f. 14. 14#.; which Estimate your Committee have also annexed to their Report.

Your Committee also called before them Mr.

Ham White, who produced to your Committee a Plan for removing the Air Machine at the Top of the House to a more proper and convenient Situation:

:r.

Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

Thames and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Severn Canal to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames Company’s and Severn Canal Navigation to borrow a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The A

hood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in the.

County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of W And he produced to your Committee several Estimates a Utcring,in the same County, commonly called or for carrying the said Plan into Execution, amounting known by the Name of Wesdrittering Common;and to the Sum of £. 179; which Plan and Estimates your also a certain other 0|>en Waste or Common, called Committee have also annexed to their Report.

Cackham Green,in the same Parish; without any Your Committee, according to the Instruction given Amendment: And also, to them, then proceeded to take into Consideration other

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Accommodations for the House: And Mr. Joseph Bra-Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The M- mak laid before them Six several Plans, marked 1, 2, hood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in the 3» 4, 5> a°d 6, together with Estimates for carrying'

County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Birdham, the same into Execution, amounting to the Sum of in the same County, commonly called or known by the £ 467. 12s.; which said several Plans and Estimates Name of Birdham Common; without any Amendment: your Committee have also annexed to their Report.

And also, And your Committee, being sensible of the Incon-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act venience in the Height of the Benches, and of the for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Cushions on the Seats of the House, beg Leave to Lands within the Manor of Chadzcich, otherwise Chad- represent. That they think the same may be greatly im-uick, in the Parish of Bromsgrove,in the County of proved by lowering the Benches to the Height of a Worcester; without any Amendment: And also, common Chair, and by the Seats being covered with

am. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Green Morocco Leather dressed; which Alteration they wlford Poor Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, submit to the Judgment of the House. J

Bill with an within the Hundreds of Lots and WilJ'ord,in the Upon Consideration of the several Plans laid before County of Suffolk; with an Amendment; to which them, your Committee think that the First Proposi-Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this tion in the Plans of Mr. Holland, for carrvin® off the House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Birdham In closure Bill.

Chadwick Inclosure Bill.

Loes and

Amendment*

>V-

3-

Xi

First Report frum Committee re-

Mr. James Martin reported from the Committee, appointed to consider of the best Method for regu-»P«cti«g*the luring the Temperature of the Air in the House of Corn-Temperature mons, and who were instructed to take into Consist th. Air in deration other Accommodations for the House; and the House. tQ report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made some Pro-

foul and rancid Air from the House, ’ the Estimate of which amounts to £. 45.; the Plan of Mr. Walker for regulating the Temperature of the Air in the House, the Estimate of which amounts to £. 120; Air. Jones sPlan for the Thermometers, amounting to

£\ 14- and the Plans of Air. Bramah, contained in N* 1, 2, 4, 5, and 6, amounting to 405.

12 $\>should be carried into Execution as soon as

possible.

And for the Purpose of making a proper Experi-

nf Pnu’orc nV 1\Yr> TUTU:*-- __

\ U

n-

gress in the Alatters to them referred, and had directed ment of the Powers of Mr. White's Alachine, the Com-

.1 r ij --- mjttee think that the Clerk of the Board’of Works

should be directed to take the most proper Method of . opening the carved Work upon the Cornice of the Octagon Ornament in the Centre of the Ceiling of the House, so as the foul Air may be conducted from thence to the Place where Mr. White’s Machine may be placed; and that Air. White be directed to make a Trial of his Machine in such a Situation as will most effectually extract the warm Air from the Centre of the House, at the same Time taking particular Care that the Alembers in the House may not be disturbed by the Noise of the Alachine.

And your Committee recommend, That the Board of Works be desired to superintend these Alterations, and cause them to be carried into Execution as speedily as possible, by the several Persons who have undertaken them, as before mentioned.

And with respect to the several other Parts of the

him to make a report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, in Pursuance of the Powers given to them by the House, proceeded to examine and consider the Alatters to them referred; and, in order the better to effectuate the same, called before them several Persons well skilled in such Matters. And,

Air. Adam Walker produced to your* Committee,

Three several Plans for regulating the Temperature of the Air in the House, together with a Paper of Explanation thereof: Which said Plans, marked A, B, and C, and the said Paper of Explanation, your Committee, for the better Information of the House, have annexed to their Report.

Then Mr. John A/oser produced to your Committee,

an Estimate of the Expence of carrying the said Plans Plans, which your Committee may think proper to be into Execution, amounting to £. 120; which Estimate carried into Execution, they shall reserve themselves for

~ a subsequent Report.

N. B. The Appendix to the said Report, containing the several Plans, Papers of Exp nation, and Estimates, therein mentioned, preserved amongst the other Papers o i

Session. , . , . _ t>;_

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be deswed to give

rections that such Parts of the ^®ns’ immediately mended by the said Comm.ttee to be immediate y

your Committee have also annexed to their Report.

>Ur. Henry Holland, Architect, also produced to your Committee, Three several Plans, marked 1, 2, and 3, for the more effectual Regulation of the Passage of the foul Air from the House, and for the Introduction of fresh Air into the House; together with a Paper of Explanation of the said Plans, and Two Estimates of the Expence of carrying off the foul Air from the House,

amounting to the Sum of £. 65; which Plans, Paper, ----- ----- ----- ----- .

and Estimates your Committee have also annexed to proceeded on, be carried into their Report. His Majesty’s Works.

Vox- 40.

Execution by the Office of A Petition

I*€titicm respecting the Corn Regulation Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Ship Owners residing at the Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and trading to and from the same Port, was

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; and Setting forth, That the Clause in the said Bill, called the Warehouse Clause, hath, as the Petitioners are informed, been rejected by the House, and the Petitioners apprehend, that, unless some Provision shall be made in the said Bill for the Landing of Foreign Com under the King’s Lock, that may arrive after the Ports are shut, as heretofore hath been in Practice, the Petitioners will be liable to great Injury, and their Trade very unnecessarily impeded: And therefore praying the House to insert such Clause or Clauses in the said Bill as may be proper to permit such Landing as aforesaid, ana thereby

prevent the Injury and Inconvenience which the Petitioners so justly apprehend.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is again re-committed.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Account of Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, Disposition at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their of Grant* Address to His Majesty,

An Account, showing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1790 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 15th Day of April 1791, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

1 ' .

An

o

I-

4*

An AC CO MPT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year i79°k*s been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 15th Day of April

1791, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

SERVICES.

r For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 20,000 Men, including 3,$60 Marines, from the I 1st Day of January 1790 ——

gj* J For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1790

A \ Towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of the Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works, over and I above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1790 -^Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy - -

d.

D

cq

n‘

CD

-Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

/'For Ordnance, Land Service ——

I For Ordnance, Sea Service ——

£ For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, previous to 31st December 1783, £ J and not provided for by Parliament ——

§ 1 For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1788 ——

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament, k in 1788 ——

✓'For defraying the Charge of 17,448 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of CJoathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, for the Year 1790 - -

For maintaining llis Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, including the Pay of Commission Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioued Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and of Allowances to be made to Cap-taius. Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, for the Year 1790 ——

For defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments, of 7 Battalious of Foot serving in North America, and the West Indies, for 365 Days, to the 24th Day of December 179°

For the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons and 9 Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1790 ——

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1790 - *

Towards defraying the Charge of Recruiting His Majesty's Land Forces, and of the Contingencies of the said Forces, for the Year 1/90 - - - * - - _ - - _ > — -. - -

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 179° ——

For the Allowance to the Paymaster General of the Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptroller of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the Contingencies in their respective Offices; for the Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account of

Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1790 *.

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1790 ——

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1790 To the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 179°

For the Charge of Allowances' to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for tfce Year 1790 *

To the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 17£K> - - - - .

43

o

988,000. ——

703,276 17 H

490,360 ——

200,000 ——

£. s. d. 4184207 17 5 52,000 ——

1,575 4 3

13,869 — 6

23,795 16 7

£. s. d.

578,562 14 1

317,549 16 —

8,245 10 1

11,435 12 10f 10,808 7 l|

64,500 -

6,409 8 —

63,276 5 8 162,797 18 4

202 1 8 55,092 10 — 4,907 10 —

5,392 14 2

CO

h — a

o

w

p

Sams or granted.

£. s. d. *,381,635 17 11

£.t.

*,381,636 17 II

509,447 18 9

509,447 18 9

Remains to be paid.

£. d.

Ox

b

3;

4*

8,0

6.3

8 8.

rt jy.

o-s

2 o

S 2-

Sf S’

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences atteuding the same, for the Year 1790 - -

For defraying the Charge of the In and Oat-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the

Year 179°..... " ’

For defraying the Charge of Major Francis Grose’s Corps of Foot, for Service in New South Wales, for 203 Days, to the 24th Day of December 1789, including the Charge of Pay of Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to the Captains, Surgeon, Paymaster, and Serjeants ——

For defraying the Charge of the Subsidy which will be due to the Landgrave of Hast Cassel, for the Year 1790> pursuant to

Treaty ....

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred, from the 25th Day of V December 1788 to the 24th Day of December 1789# and not provided for by Parliament ----- -- 356,458 12 4

9,991 9 3

130,938 19 6

3,411 14 4 36,093 15 —

Tor defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the 1st Day of January 1790 to the 1st Day of

January 1791 - - - " - - ‘ - - - - \ - - - " "

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1790 to the

24th Day of June 1791 - - - -- --.....-

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the 1st Day of January 1790 to the 1st Day of

January 1791 -....

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1790 to the 24th Day of June 1791 -

For defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st Day of April 1790 to the 1st Day of April 1791 - -

For defraying the Charge of supporting the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers eat of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges atteuding the same, from the 1st Day of January 1790 to the 1st Day of January

1791.....- ....

For defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24lhDay of June. 1790 to the 24th Day of June 1791 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st Day of January 1790 to the 1st Day of

January 1791 - -- ....

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1790 to the 10th Day of October

1791 - - ....

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa

Fortne Expence of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of Scotland, in the Year 1790 -

To make good to His MajeUy the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of Addresses ..... To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by the Directions of the Commissioners of the Treasury ....

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Henri/ Bradley* Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoaze, at Plymouth - - - . - - .

To make good to Ills Majesty the like Sum issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames - - - - . _

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British

Ships from the Coast of Africa -.....‘....

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire iuto the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of East Florida to the King ef Spain To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners of the American Loyalists....

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against

Warren Hustings, Esquire....

To make gwl to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to defray the Expences of executing an Act of last Session, for enquiring into the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs.....- ..... - -

appointed to enquire into the Losses

1,874,074 18 5{ 1,874,074 18 51 .

6,376 17 6 6,376 17 6

4,400 4,400

1,840 1,840

2,100 2,100

1,182 10 — 1,182 10 —

4,080 4,080

580 2£0

600 — — 600

4,558 7 8 4,558 7 8

13,000 13,000 — —

4,859 1 8 4,859 1 8

48,424 15 3 48,424 15 3

35,785 15 6 35,785 15 6

1,632 6 3 1,632 6 3$

6,888 7 6 6,888 7 6

33,228 15 6 33,223 15 6

500 — — 500

200 200

1,300 1,900

2,951 1 10 2,951 1 10

1,000 1,000

Co

250 ——

o?

<0

o

t+

g

CO'

« — h

N'

CD

CL

O"

O

o

o

00_

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum paid to Thomas Dun das and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners appointed to enquire iti America into the Loss of the American Sufferers ——

To make good to His Majesty the like*Sum paid for defraying the Expence of sending Provisions and sundry Articles to New South Wales

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to Henry Hughs, Esquire, for Printing the Reports of the Lords of the Committee of Council, concerning the present State of the Trade to Africa

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum paid to the Earl of Effingham, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of the Mint in the Tower of

London, in the Year 1788 -....

To give Relief to certain Merchants, and other Persons, interested in Lands in Georgia, which were ceded to His Majesty bjr the Cherokee and Creek Indians, on the 1st Day of June 1773, for the Purpose of discharging the Debts due from those Nations to certain British Traders, which Lands by the Treaty of Peace were cedtd to the United States of America ——

To Henry Addington, Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons, to complete £.1,500 for the Quarter ended the 25th Day of March 1790, pursuant to an Act 30° Georgii 3tU ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1788, at Lady Day 1790 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1788, at Michaelmas 1790 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for the Service of the Year 1789 .4.

.To pay oft* and discharge the Principal Sum of £.3,500,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 29* Georgii 3tU, and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1790, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £.2,000,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act Q9* Georgii 3tU, and charged further upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament* for the Service of tha Year 1790, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same ——

For the Payment of such Part of the Principal, and the Interest thereon, as became due on or before the 10th Day of October 1790, on all the Orders made out pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 3rti, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the lale unhappy Dissentions in America, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have/suffered in their Rights in Consequence of the Cessiou of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain ——

For the Payment of the Principal, and the Interest thereupon, to the 10th Day of October 1790, of all the Orders made out pursuant to an Act 30° Georgii 3tU, for Sums less than £.50, each, for giving Relief to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles to the Array or Navy in America during the late War, or whose Property ^as used, seized, or destroyed; and for the Losses of Persons who have suffered in their Properties by the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain ——

For Rewards to the Officers, and the necessary Expences attending the making forth the said Orders, paying the ssme, &c%.

To the Usher of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Offices for making forth and paying the Orders for American Sufferers, etal. - -

To John Farhilly Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and incidental Expences of the said Commission ——

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lot'ery established by an Act 30° Georgii 3tU ——

To the said Governor and Company, in Reward for receiving the Contributions, and paying the Prizes in the said Lottery, and for Discounts on prompt Payments ——

For the Charges and Expences attending the preparing and drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, making out and delivering Certificates in lieu thereof ——

To the Secretary and Clerk of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such. Persons who haye suffered in Consequence of the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain, for their Services, fit®*. -

3,162

5 6 6 li 3,162 51,633 5 6 6 11

— — 910 — —

► 17 1 30,520 17 1

17 6 49,555 17 6

11 6 585 11 6

14 8 229,967 14 8 A

10 2 225,179 10

12 H 230,224 9 3t

— if 3,607,677 — if

13 if 2,069,091 13 If

9 2f 233,134 7 Si

16 7 5,657 5 6f

— — 2,170 —

4 X 882 4 — I

— — 1,436 — —

6 11 -

— — 1,500 — —

14 8 m m m

l,<193 2 10 *

5,145 1

726 11 — f

500,000 -

1,331 6 11

10,500 ——

278 U 8

0-3 p s

B

o’ ' »

31 Geo. 111. 15° Ap. 419

£>3

ST o'

iTo enable His Majesty to take such Measures, and make such Augmentations of His Majesty’s Forces by Sea and Land, as the Exigency of Affairs may require - -- ----- ----- ----- 1,000,000 1,000,000

- - - Whereof applied for Naval Services - - _ - - - # - -. 650,000 Ordnance D° - - - - - ‘ - - - 150,000 Army D* - - 5200,000 1,000,000 13,203,816 14 4,1 12,684,251 17 13 519,564 17 2 J

g

eg.

r-+_

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

WAYS and MEANS for answering the seme; via&*.

£. *. d.

2,000,000 ——

750,000 ——

621,151 1 3f

2,300,000 ——

790,037 10 —

34,000 ——

3,500,000 ——

2,000,000 ——

1,000,000 ——

sL

By 4 per Lib. on Land.

By the Duty ou Malt continued Anno 1790-

Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th Day of April 1790.

Out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

By a Lottery.

By paid into the Exchequer of the Money advanced for Foreign Secret Service.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the first Aids granted for the Ser* vice of the Year 1791.

By Exchequer Bills, charged further on Ditto.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on - - Ditto.

12,99M88 11 3 {

207,728 3 i Deficiency of Ways and Means.

13,203,816 14 4$

O

3

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid,

*There remains in the Exchequer of the Consolidated Fund Of Lottery Contributions - -

Deficiency of Ways and Means to answer the Services

£. i. d.

176,347 6 7i 135,489 7 6f

311,836 14 11

207,728 3 1

Mem*1*".

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; viz*.

For the late African Company’s Creditors ——

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £.15,496. 19*« I id. -To make good the Deficiency of the Duty of and \ per Cent, granted Anno 1785 ——

To complete £.600, granted A0 1788, for the Salary of the Chief Justice of Dominica ——

To complete £600, granted A0 1789* for the Salary of - - D°

For Principal and Interest of Orders made out pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 3*", for the Relief of American Sufferers, and Persons who have suffered by the Cession of East Florida -

£. t. d.

900 12 10

570 17 7*

816 13

388 10 6

87 18 11

4,107 8 4

6,872 1 8

Presented the 15th Day of April 1791) by

IT.

420 15° Apr His. 179 L

Orkney And

Zetland

Election

Committee

appointed

31 Geo. III.

15° Ap

m

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon Table, to be perused by the Members Of the House.

the

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names Of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of

cate, Sir Thomas Dundas. of Kerie, Baronet, and of Charles Dmdis, Esquire, being freeholders of the Stewurtiy of Orkney and Z, were sworn by ui Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered \That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Erections.

and is as follows:

iVilliam Sot heron, Esquire, the Honourable Eduard James Eliot,the Lord Doune of Great Bedwyn, John

Smyth, Esquire, the Lord Apsley, Alexander Callander,

Esquire, Sir James Steuart Denham, Baronet, Isaac

Hawkins Browne, Esquire, the Right honourable Sir o _ __________

Richard Worsley, Baronet , Jercoise Clarke Jervoise,the House, pursuant to their Order,

Esquire, William IVeddell, Esquire, John Pitt, Esquire, An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills Sir Henry Clinton, Knight of the Most honourable made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session Order of the Bath, Lewis Alexander Grant, Esquire, of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further sir Tn»u>a CinWv.rAlnm " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the

chequer Bills presented.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Account of

Lewis Alexander Grant, Esquire, and Sir James St. Clair Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in.; and, Annuities- Erskine, Baronet, being added, the same was called over; at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the ’ ofr 1: r " Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Monies paid into the Exchequer in Part of Interest on the Sum of £. 187,000, raised by Annuities by Act 29° Georgii Regis, for the Year ended the 5th Day of April lygi.

Mr. Jennings also, from the Exchequer, presented to

Sir James Saint Clair Erskine, Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Colonel Thomas Dundas; and also, of the Petition of Charles Innes, Clerk to His Majesty’s Signet, Gilbert Meason, Esquire, of Rothiesholm, Captain Alexander

Graeme, of Greenwall, Malcolm Laing, Esquire, Advo-

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety."

And then be withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citiaens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest on the Sum of One hundred Aomritw Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, raised by Annuities by Act 29* Gn Tertii R\ for the Year ended the 5th Day of

April 1791-

The Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest upon the above Principal Sum of One hundred Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, amount to the Sum of Four thousand and Twenty-six Pounds Six Shillings.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of April 1791.

Rolf Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of die Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, %£*

Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exc eq »

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety."

The Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of

Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, amount to the Sum of T«o Millions.

Exchequer, the 15th Day of April 1791.

Robert Jennings.

Vol. 4&.

5P

Ordered,

Committee of Supply.

Account respecting the Relief 4p American a ad IJa#t Florida Sufferers, referred.

15° Aprilis*

A. 1791,

Ordered, That the feud Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of A-3- lot.' per Centum per Annum, for Six Months,

of the principal Sums unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the loth October 1790 on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year- of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for giving Relief to such Persons a6 have suffered in their Rights and Properties during " the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty and At-f tachment to the British Government, and for tnaking Compensation to such Persons as have suffered " in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession " the Province of East Florida to the King of

" Spain," which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1791, together with the Sum of £.*6. 5*. per Centum, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also, for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1791, after the same Rate of £.3. 10 s.per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £.6: 5 s.per Centum, of the Principal Sum undischarged, of each Order respectively; and also, an Account of the Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. 105. per Centum per Annum, for Two Years and Nine Months, of the Principal Sums contained in the several Orders, made oat at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for £.50, or more, pursuant to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for giving Relief to such Persons " as have suffered in their Rights and Properties dur-u ing the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty and " Attachment to the British Government, for making " Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions, " or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy " in America, during the War, or whose Property " was seized, used, or destroyed, for the carrying on " the Public Service there; and also, for making " Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in " their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of " the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain," which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1791, together with the Sum of £. 6. 55. per Centum, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order; and also, for Six Months Interest, which win become due on the 10th Day of October 1791, after the same Rate of £.3. 1 os.per Centum per Annum, on the Principal

Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £. 6. 55. for every £.100con tamed in each Order respectively, be

referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again, fi

Resohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further Chichester Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for repealing an Act, Bill

made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen comai,tt*d. Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for paving of the City of " Chichester," and for the better paving and cleansing the Streets,. Lanes, and public Ways and Passages, within the Walls of the said City, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, he now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the several Persona who petitioned this House upon the 1st Day of this Instant April, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, did not desire to be further heard in this Stage of the Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr.

Sargent, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Game Cer-a Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty locates Duty on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Thornton do make the Finsbury Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Square the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- potion* scribed, being. Owners or Inhabitants of Houses in *

Finsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint Bake, Middlesex, was referred.

Mr. Henry Thornton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. James Peacock being examined, said, That Finsbury Square hath been lately laid out, and Houses of considerable Value are erected and now building on Three Sides thereof, and that the said Square bath been inclwith Iron in order to be laid out

as a Garden or Pleasure Ground — That the said Square is not yet paved, and is subject to Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions. — And- the Witness further said, That if proper Powers were given for keeping in Repair the said Inclosure, and for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and watering the said Square, and certain Streets in the Petition mentioned, and also such Streets, Squares, and Places as now are, or hereafter may be, formed within the Boundaries in the Petition particularly described, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein, it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons resorting to, or passing through, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, end certain other Streets and Places communicating with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same: And that Mr. Henry Thornton, Mr. Mainwaring, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered,

Committee of Ways and Means.

Account of Consolidated Fund referred.

House adjourns to Monday.

Report (made in 1786) referred to Committee of Public Income and Expenditure.

Steyning

Election

Petition

deferred.

Hays appointed for considering Election Petitions altered.

31 Geo. III.

r0 . ..... 423

] 5 Aprilis.

Stafford' for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Susses; for the Borough of Plymouth, of Devon;for the Borough of Homton, in the tou } of Dnm; for to Town and Port of m to

County of Susses; for to County of Roxburgh, for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining

in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1791, of the

Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other ----- ----- ----- 0

Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Consolidated County of for the Borough or Suasion, 0 er-

Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, alter satisfying wise Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset', for the po-the several Charges and Incumbrances thereon, be re- rough ot Great , in the County of Lincoln; for

terred to the said Com mi tee.

Then the House resolved itsetf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

the Borough of Slockbridge, in the County of Southampton; lor the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford; for the Borough of Cricklade, in the Coupty of Wilts-, for the County of; for the Borough

of Boston,in the County of Lincoln; for the County of

Sutherland', for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole; and for the Borough of Steyning, in the

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they County of Sussex, might be read, bad directed him to report, when the House will please And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, to receive the same. the same were, on the Question being severally put

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday thereupon, ordered to be discharged, next. Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Fletcher and

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That Clement Kytmersley, Esquires, complaining of an undue he was directed by the Committee to move, that they Election and Return for the Borough of under

may have Leave to sit again. Lyme, in the County of Stafford, be taken into Consi-

J Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom

deration upon Monday, the'ist Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable William Gordon, commonly called Lord William Gordon, and James Baillie, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed being lawful Electors of Members to serve in Parliament lor the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex severally complaining of an undue Election and Retun! for the said Borough, be taken iato Consideration upon Tuesday, the 2d Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Esquire; and also, the Petition of JMliam Derby, Philip - , _ . , Moysey, Philip Moysey, Junior, John Arthur Winne

Amount oi the said Income and Expenditure m future, JPiUiam Ragland, Richard Jago Squire John Hawker he referred to the Select Committee to whom it is George Kimber Cromwell, and Edvard Kingdom all

referred to examine and state the several Accounts, 1 — 1 17 ----- ----- ---- J* - " - ’

and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what has been the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five \ ears, and what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof ia future, and also what Alteration has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That tins House will, at the rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 21st Day of March 1786, was made from the Select Committee, to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts, and other Papers, presented to the House m that Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what may be expected to be the Annual

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the a 2d Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, upon Wednesday, the 4th Day of May next, the Petition of James Martin Lloyd, Esquire, John Butcher, Thomas Soue, Sidtrick Elgar, William Cooper, Thomas \Newman, Charles Groome, Thomas Young, Edmund Streeter, John Batchelor, liichard Kemp, William Sharp, and Richard Jenner, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 27th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Steyning.

The House was moved, That the several Orders, appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the several Petitions complaining of undue. Elections and Parliament for the Borough Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of

Vol. 46. - y 1

legal Freemen and Voters of the Borough of Plymouth. in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the same Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for tfes said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday, the 3d Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of James Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 4th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Seqford, in the County of Sussex, be taken into Consideration upon Friday, the 5th Day of August next, at. Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John of

Edgerston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Roxburgh, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday, the 6th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, be taken into Consideration upon the 8th Day of August next, at Three of the Ciodc m

Jr That the Petition of William Smith, Esquire, a Caudate at the late ElectionofBu^slg^rve m for the Borough ot Sudbury, m t

Sujjblk, complaining

for the said Borough, be taken, into

Tuesday,

424 16° April is.A. 1791.

Tuesday, the 9th Day of August next, at Three of the Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons,

Clock in the Afternoon. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the

Ordered, That the Petition of John Seale, Esquire, Borough of in the County of severally

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the complaining ot an undue Election and Return for the

Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday,

of Devon, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday, the 23d Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the toth Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, the Afternoon. Memorandum

Ordered, That the Petition of Ham Morti-

mer, Esquire; and also, the Petition of William Bryant, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaston, otherwise Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the nth Day~of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Clayton, Esquire, the Reverend William Smclle and William Bell, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Friday, the 12th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Joseph Foster Barham, and George Porter, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Sto in the County of Southampton, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday, the 13th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Payne, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Beds ord, in the County of Bedford, be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 15th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants possessing Houses within the Borough of Cricklado, in the County of Wilts, who by immemorial Custom and Usage have a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 16th l)ay oi August next, at Three of the Clock in

the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Petitioners thereunder subscribed, who are Freeholders for the County of Radnor, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday, the 17th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Richard Smith, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 18th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Home Gordon, of Etnbo, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Robert Bruce JEneas Macleod, of Esquire, severally

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Sutherland, be taken into Consideration upon Friday, the 19th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable Basil William Douglas, commonly called Lord Daer, one of the Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday, the 20th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Samuel Whitbread, 1

Notices were again sent to the several Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Westminster ' the 7th Day of this Instant April, for taking into PetlUon8 Consideration upon Thursday, the 30th Day of June next, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names of Election are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members.to serve deferred, in Parliament for the City and Liberty of;

and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders, of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday, the 24th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The I/mdon Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Estimate*, Command, &c.prescmed.

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- Nova Scotia, blishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st of January 1791 to the 1st of January 1792: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- New Bnm»* blishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in A me- wick. j rica,from the 24th of June 1791 to the 24th of June 1792: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- St. John’s blishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, front lslaud* the 1st of January 1791 to the 1st of January 1792:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- Cape Breto*. blishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1791 to the 24th of June 1792:

And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of NewfouncK the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of New- , and-foundland, from the 1st of April 1791 to the 1st of April 1792: And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Bahama Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the lsland‘-Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same,’ from the 1st of January 1791 to the ist of January 1792: And also, i

A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of Bermuda, ! " the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June Islaud*.

" 1791 to the 24th of June 1792 And also, '

A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of Dominica. j " the Island of Dominica, from the 1st of January 1791 " to the 1st of January 1792 .'lnd also, *

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Esta- Soutlj blishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of October Wale*.

1791 to the 10th of October 1792: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Totals of the Estimates." Totals of the And the Titles of the said Estimates and Papers Estimates, were read.

The said Estimates and Papers are as followeth; vis.

ESTIMATE

1

31 Geo. III. 15° Aprilis.

425

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Sootia* in America, from the 1st of January 1791 to the 1st of January 1792*

To the Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice -

Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands -

Treasurer ——

Agent ——

Allowance to a Bishop ——

D* - - to Ministers ——

D° - - towards building a College ——

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England Mrs. Howe's Annuity -

Allowance to the Superintendant of the Fishery ——

On Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit of Grants ——

Allowance to the Reverend Mr. Bennett, as in the preceding Estimate -

Allowance to the Reverend Dr. Breynton, D° ——

D# - - to the late Register, whose Office is united to that of Secretary, until otherwise provided for ——

jC1 d.

1.000 ——

850 ——

150 ——

250 ——

100 ——

150 ——

50 ——

200 ——

700 ——

65 - _

1.000 ——

75---- r4-

100 —

200 —

200 ——

100 ——

150 ——

136 17 6

Total

6,376 17 6

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th June 1791 to the 24th June 1792.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -Chief Justice - -

Salary to Three Assistant Judges, at £.300 each -Attorney General -Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer - - - - _

Surveyor General of Lands -Agent,

To Stipends and Allowances to Ministers -To Allowance on Account for unforeseen Contingencies -

Total -

£ s. d.

1,000 ——

500 ——

gOO ——

150 ——

250 ——

100 ——

150 ——

I50 ——

700 — — 500 ——

4,400 —

Vol. 46. 5Q ESTIMATE

Nova Scotia*

New

Brunswick.

Skint Jollh^ Island.

Cape Breton.

Newfound-

land.

15° Apr

A. H9L

££ 'ttHA'tt: hi the Chai'gfe of defraying the Civil Establishment^ of the Island 6f Saint Johta, in America,

from die ist of January 1791 to the rst 6f January 1792.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General - -

Secretary* Register, and Clerk of the Council -

j'laval Officer ——

Provost Marshal ——

Minister - -

Purveyor General - -

Agent -

Allowance for Contingencies -

I)® - - on Account, for Fees on the Receipt and Auditing -

D® - - to the lAte Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, until otherwise provided for

Total

£ s.

500 ——

300 ——

100 ——

150 ——

100 ——

100 ——

70 ——

100 ——

ioo - —

130 ——

100 ——

90 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1791 to the 24th of June 1792-

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice....

Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, arid Clerk of the Council Naval Officer - - - - , -

Provost Marshal -

Minister -

Surveyor General -

Agent ----- -.

Allowance upon Afccount for unforeseen Contingencies -

£ r*

500 ——

300 ——

100 ——

150 ——

100 ——

100 ——

100 ——

100 ——

150 ——

500 ——

Total

I-

2,100 ——

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers, in the Island of Newfoundland, froln the ist of April 1791 to the 1st of April 1792.

Salary of the Governor -

Governor’s Secretary Judge of the Admiralty Naval Officer Agent -

Oh Account, for Fees on Receipt and Audit

Total

£ d.

500

182 10 —

200 — —

100

100 — —

- 100

c 1,182 10 —

v

ESTIMATE

SI Geo. III.

15° Aprilis.

427

£ S I. I M A T £ of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the istof January 1791 to the 1st of January 1792.

Additional Salary to the Governor -

Chief Justice ——

Salary to Two Assistant Judges, £ 200 per Annum each ——

Secretary, ltcgister, and Clerk of the Council ——

Provost Marshal -

Attorney General ——

Naval Officer ——

Minister - -

Salary to the Minister at Harbour Island and Eleuthera ——

D* — to Two Missionaries to the other Islands ——

D* — to the Surveyor General of Lands ——

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government -Allowance to Mrs. Jfogg, for the Support of herself and Seven Children, now in Distress, in Consideration Of the long Services and Sufferings of her late Husband, Edmd Rush IVegg, the late Attorney General -

Agent - -- --..... -

Allowance oh Account of unforeseen Contingencies

£. s. <L

800 ——

500 ——

400 ——

15o ——

150 ——

150 — —

150 ——

70 ——

70 ——

140 —

150 ——

700 ——

100 —

150 —

500 —

4,180 —

T

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or 1791 to the 24th of June 1792 -Fees on Receipt Somers Islands, from the 24th of June £ s. d. 500 80

Total - 580

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st of January 1791 to the 1st of January 179 2.....-

To cease w hen a Salary has been provided by the Legislature of the Island.

£ d. 600 ——

Yol. 46.

ESTIMATE

Bahama

Islands.

Bermuda

Islands.

Dominica.

New South Wales.

Petition against the Corn Regulation Bill.

428 15° Aprili 1791.

E S TIM A T E of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the loth

of October 1791 to the 10th of October 1792.

Allowance to the Governor - - - .

Lieutenant Governor -.....-

Deputy Judge Advocate ——

Commissary ——

Provost Marshal -

Chaplain ——

Surgeon - ....

Three Mates, each £.91. 5. -Surveyor of Lands ——

Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk Island ——

Assistant Chaplain - -

Deputy Commissary of Stores ——

Deputy Surveyor of Lands ——

Ten Superintendants of Convicts, at £. 40 per Annum each, engaged to serve Three Years after their Landing -

Agent ——

Arrears of Salary to the Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk Island, from the 11th February 1788 to the 9th October last ——

Arrears of Salary to the Deputy Commissary of Stores, from the 26th February 1788 to the 9th October last -

Upon Account, for Payment of Fees upon the Receipt and Audit -

£ d.

1,000 ——

250 ——

182 10 — 182 10 —

91 5 — 182 10 — 182 10 — 273 i5 — 182 10 —

250 ——

146 — — 9* 5 —

91 5 —

400 ——

150, — —

663 11 3i 238 15 —

200 ——

Total

- £

4,758 6 31

TOTALS of the ESTIMATES:

Nova Scotia - L 6,376 17 d. 6

New Brunswick 4,400 — —

Island of Saint John 1,840 — —

Cape Breton - - - 2,100 — —

Newfoundland 1,182 10 —

Bahamas 4,180 — —

Bermuda 580 — —

Dominica 600 — —

New South Wales - ' 4,758 6 3 i

L 26,017 13 9i

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Persons thereto subscribing, Citizens and InRabitants of the City of Glasgow, and Suburbs, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That if the Bill for regulating the Importation and

Exportation of Corn be passed into a Law, Oat-meal will be importable into England at a Low Duty, whenever the Price of Oats shall be at or above Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, which corresponds nearly to the low Price of Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence per Boll of Meal, weighing 140 lbs. Avoirdupoise, supposing, as estimated in the Bill, that each Bushel of Oats produces 22 lbs. of Oat-meal, but, by the said

Law,

15°- — 18° ApriliSi

429

Law, it will not be lawful to ittoport Oat-meal into Scotland till the Price be at or above Sixteen Shillings per Boll, which, by the same Rule, is equal to above Twenty Shillings per Quarter of Oats, and, that it will be lawful at all Times to import Oat-meal into England\upon Payment of a Duty of Three Shillings per Hundred Weight, while it will not be importable into Scotland ut any Rate, if the Price be under Sixteen Shillings per Boll; and that, as the People of Scotland are entitled to the same Privileges, in relation to Trade, as their Fellow Subjects South of the Tweed, the Petitioners conceive these Distinctions to be a most hostile Attack on their Rights, and inconsistent with the Principles and Articles of the Union of the Two Kingdoms; and that the Import Rate for Scotland proposed by the Bill will also be highly destructive to the Manufactures of the Country, as it will tend to raise, in a very high Degree, the Price of Oat-meal, the principal Food of the labouring Poor, and of course the Rate of Wages: And therefore praying the House to allow the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Support of this Petition, and to alter the Bill, by making the Import Rates of Oats and Oatmeal the same for Scotland as it is proposed to be for England.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, is again re-comraitted; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Stockton tn» Sir George Augustus Shuckburgh presented

closure Bill to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and presented. inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Stockton, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Quebec Bill Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom* deferred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more " effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North ," and to make fur-

ther Provision for the Government of the said Province.

Catholic Dis- Ordered, That the Bill, now ingrossed, to relieve, upon enter* Bill Conditions and under Restrictions, Persons called Pro-deferred. testing Catholic Dissenters, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject, be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Sank Dividends Hill deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for applying to the Public Service the Sum of £. 500,000, out of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England from Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends, on Account of the National Debt, and for securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole SilkCrapct, House, to consider of the Importation into Great Britain fee. deferred, of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies, of the Manufacture of Italy. Vol. 46v

jCoBsidtr*-

‘tion of Im-

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, Motions n-That it is at all Times the Right and Duty of this House, specting th* before they conseiit to lay any new Burthens on their Present Ar-

gm^ # fi J - %-w am IQ&IUCUn

Constituents, to enquire into the Justice and Necessity of the Objects in the Prosecution of which such Burthens are to be incurred;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr. Michael Angela, 1

Taylor, ? 162.

Mr. Adam: J

Tellers for (lie Noes,{ Ctiwthortie!' }

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That no Information has been given to this House, which can satisfy us that the Expences to be incurred by the present Armament are necessary to support the Interests of these Kingdoms, or will contribute to the great and important Object of restoring the Tranquillity of Europe on a secure and lasting Foundation;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Petersfield the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ‘ electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Cavendish Bentinck, commonly called Marquis of field, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and

Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after Three of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 18* die Aprilis;

Anno 31* Georgii III. U Regis, 1791.

Praters.

THE Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That Answert* their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty Address, would be graciously pleased to give Directions that Copies or Extracts of the Letters or Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Steyning Friday last, for taking into Consideration, upon Mon- ^le5‘lon . day, the 27th Day of June next, the Petition of James *

Martin Lloyd, Esquire, John Butcher, Thomas Sone,

Siderick Elgar, William Cooper, Thomas Newman, Charles Groome, Thomas Young, Edmund Streeter, John Batchelor, Richard Kemp, William Sharp, and Richard , might be read.

And the said Order bein® read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 22d Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

- Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, and also seut to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Steyning.

5 R Mr.

430 18° ApriUs. 1791.

Gedney In- Mr, Henry Hobart reported iiom the Committee, to A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for

closure Bill whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common stacking Coals on the Wharfs.

rp.mrte . Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney ' Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Fen, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That made Part of the Bill.

the Committee had examined, and found that the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April ingrossed.

1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined Mr. Bernard presented to the House, pursuant to Papers «-the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be their Address to His Majesty, , specting In-

true; and that the Parties concerned had given their N° 1. Extract of a Letter from Governor Sir John s[1irr*£,t‘on uf Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- Baronet, to the Right honourable Lord Grenville, In DomrnicI

mittee (except the Owner of Three Common Rights, dated Dominica, 3d February 1791; inclosing, presented.

who refused to give his Consent to the Bill; and that the whole Number of Common Rights is One hundred and Eleven; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lough bo- Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom rough and the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable CalaaL Bill Communication between the Loughborough Canal and reported. the Town of Leicester, 6nd for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways, or Stone Roads, and Water Levels, from several Places and Miues to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the ‘same, by passing along the said Canal to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Proprietors of a Machine standing and being on the Coal Hill in Leicester, used for weighing of Coals and other Commodities brought for Sale to that Place; and also, the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto also subscribed, being Creditors on the Tolls arising on the said Road, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees and Creditors respectively as aforesaid; and also, the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Creditors on the Tolls arising upon the Turnpike Road leading from Marlt-field Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley, otherwise Qharirwood Forest, through the Town of Wllit wick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Lane, near to a Place

called <8 nape Gate, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second . Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House,

® 2. Copy of a Circular Letter, N® I, from Governor Sir John Orde, to every Magistrate, and to the principal Planters in the Island of Dominica, dated 13 th January 1791.

N° 3. Copy of a Proclamation, dated 14th

January 1791.

N° 4. Copy of a Circular Letter, N® 2, from Governor Sir John Orde, to every Magistrate, and to the principal Planters, in the Island of Dominica, dated 15 th January 1791*

N° 5. Copy of a Proclamation, dated 20th

January 1791.

N° 6. Copy of a Proclamation, dated 20th

January 1J91.

N° 7. Copy of a Proclamation, dated 20th

January 1791.

N° 8. Copy of a Proclamation, dated 20th

January 1791.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a K;ogtofl and Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Here- Leominster ford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Severn, Canal near Stourport Bridge,in the County of Worcester, was pasW!<1' ,

read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 13. To leave out "A ."

Pr, 13. 1. 34. To leave out " Evan Philips," and

insert " Thotn Potts " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Severn, near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for lighting, cleansing, and Stourbridge watching the Streets, I.anes, and other public Passages Police Bill and Places, within die Township of Stourbridge, in PMsed* the Parish of Old Swinford, in the County of Worcester, and for removing and preventing Obstructions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Old Swinford, in the County of Worcester,

and

' 'Jtei

V , r. ~

.pi

*v

31 Geo. III.

180 Aprilis.

431

Aberrant and Neath Canal Bill presented.

and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour of his and Annoyances therein. Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called

Ordered, That Mr. Logon do carry the Bill to the England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick Lords, and desire their Concurrence. upon Tweed, for a Time to be limited; and Setting

forth, That some of the Allegations contained in the Mr. Thomas Wyndham presented to the House, ac- said Bill, and which are given as the Reasons to induce cording to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining the Legislature to extend the Term of the Patent a Canal, or Navigable Communication, from or near granted to the said James Turner, are, as the Peti-a certain Place called Abcrnant, in the County of tioners apprehend, incorrect Statements of the Facts Glamorgan, to and through a certain Place called The therein alledged; and that, if the Term of the said Brickfield, near Melincrythan Pill,into the River of Patent was extended for the further Term therein

Neath, near the Town of Neath, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition for Provision to Anwick In* picture and Drainage Bill.

mentioned, it would be highly prejudicial to the Petitioners, and all others dealing in, and working up, Colours throughout the Kingdom, and in many Respects injurious to the Public in general: And there-A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are fore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves thereunto subscribed, Owners of certain Inclosed Low or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same Lands, called Praie Grounds,within, or adjoining upon, may not pass, or that the Petitioners may have such

the Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lin-' other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall coin, was presented to the House, and read; Setting seem meet.

forth, That the Petitioners are informed, Application Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the is making to Parliament for a Bill for dividing and Table, until the Report, which was made from the inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, be

taken into further Consideration: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time* in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Fens, and Waste Grouuds, within the Parish of Anwick, in the said County, and for draining and improving the said Meadow Grounds, Fens, and Waste Lands; and that the said Inclosed Low Lands, called The Praie Grounds, are, at certain Seasons of the Year, liable to be annoyed and injured by Water and Floods, and it would tend to the better Drainage and Improvement thereof, if the same were, for the Purpose of Drainage only, included in the said Bill; and that Mr. Maimcaring presented to the House, according pintbury the Drainage of the Lands in the said Parish of Anwick, to Order, a Bill for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, Square or which the said Bill w as particularly intended, would watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finsbury P«ving, &c. thereby be considerably assisted and improved: And Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and cer-said Bill for draining and improving the said Inclosed tain other Streets and Places communicating with, or near Low Lands within, or adjoining upon, the said Town- to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing ship of North Kyme, and that the Petitioners may have Nuisances and Annoyances within the same: And the such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall same was received; and read the First Time, seem meet. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Webb’s, &c. William Hazelwood, the Reverend John Andrews, Clerk, to empower Nathaniel Webb, Esquire, and others, to Estate B>H and Thomas Wing, on Behalf of themselves and others, grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Estates commuteJ‘ Owners and Proprietors of certain Open and Common in the Parish of Giles the Fields, in the County Fields, Meadow Grounds, Fens, and Waste Lands, in of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Byng, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

the Parish of Anwick,in the County of Lincoln, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Report respecting the Culture, &c. of Hemp.

Motion for Hemp Bill to be considered in a Committee.

Mr. Minchinreported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the present State of the Culture of Hemp in Great Britain, and also of the Trade in Hemp with other Countries; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Culture of hemp within the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain.

And Mr. Minchin moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resblved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the loth Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

tween Russia and Scotland presented.

Petition A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

gainst Mr. thereto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Turner’s Bill, being Colourmen, Druggists, and Painters, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Vol, 4 0.

The House being informed that Mr. Milford, from Account of

O %/ rji i i

the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended lraae be" at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with their Tonnage, which have arrived from Russia in the several Ports of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and also of the Vessels, with their Tonuage, which have cleared out from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to Russia, during the last Ten Years, distinguishing the British from the Foreign.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Petition holders, Farmers, and others, of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, paving( &c> That a Bill is depending in the House for paving and Bill, lighting the Streets in the Town of Maidstone, in the said County, and establishing a Nightly Watch within the

the said Town, and for better supplying the stud the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are Town and Parish with Water, and to repair the Public as followeth;

Highways within the said Town and Parish; and that, R That it is the Opinion of this Committee, America# by the said Bill, Commissioners are authorized to erect That the Sum of Two hundred Thirty one thousand

Turnpikes across every Public Road leading into the Five hundred Thirty-three Pounds Eight Shillings

said Town, and to collect Tolls for all Horses, Cattle, and Seven Pence Farthing, be granted to His Ma-and Carriages, passing through the said Turnpikes, to jesty, for the Payment of such Part of the Principal

be applied towards defraying the Expences of paving, and Interest thereon as shall become due on or before

lighting, and watching, the said Streets and other the 10th Day of October 1791, on all the Orders made Places within the said Town, and for supplying the out pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of same with Water; and that, if the said Bill should His present Majesty’s Reign, for giving Relief to pass into a Law, it would subject many Persons to the such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Payment of Tolls, who receive no Advantage from Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in paving, lighting, and watching the said Town, and America, and for making Compensation to such Per-supplying the same with Water, and the Petitioners sons as have suffered in their Rights in Consequence of hope that the Commissioners may not be allowed to the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the

erect any Turnpike, or collect any Toll, for the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as give any Power or Authority to erect Turnpikes, and to demand and take Tolls as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing,

' lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the King’s Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Codimittee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Petition ia A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subfavour of scribed, being Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and

Maidstone Farmers, in the County of Kent, resident in the Vici-Pavtng, &c. ni ty, and having frequent Occasion to resort unto the Town of Maidstone, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have learnt that divers Persons resident in the said County have prepared a Petition to be presented to the House for the Purpose of opposing a Part of the said Bill which is intended to give Power to certain Commissioners, therein named, to erect Turnpikes, and take Tolls, to defray a Part of the Expences of carrying the Act into Execution; and that, upon the justest Calculation, the Petitioners are convinced such Tolls will not amount unto more than about One-fifth of those Expences, and the rest will be chargeable by Rates and Assessments on the Inhabitants of the Town; and that the Petitioners are well satisfied with the Plan intended, Iteing convinced that it will be of great Utility to all Persons concerned, and of peculiar Use and Benefit to even the Persons who are now about to oppose the Bill; and that the Petitioners will chearfully pay their Quota of the Tolls, and hope the Bill will be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Import Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported

Supply. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at

King of Spain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, t

That the Sum of Ninety-two thousand Five hundred and Ninety Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six.

Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereon aa shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October 1791, on all the Orders made out pursuant to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Tiie said Resolutions being severally read a Second,.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report Wa>* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it "d M«mv was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him. to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Surplus of That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Consolidate Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Three Fund on 51k hundred and Three thousand Two hundred and Twenty- p one Pounds Nine Shillings and One Half-penny, remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1791, of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

Resoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Expiring That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year* of the Law*

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and I Linens exported,

" and taking off the Duties on the Importation

" of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax," which said Act was by Two other Acts, made in the Tenth

and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended and continued until tire 24th Day

of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, and which by Two

other Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-

eighth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was

further continued until the 24th Day of June 1790,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be

continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D*.

That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allow*

" ing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made " Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks " upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported," which was

to

Expiring

Laws.

D*.

Fourth Report of Examination of Witnesses respecting the Slave Trade.

31 Geo. III. 18° A prills.

433

to be in Force from the 1st Day of 1766 during the sTerm of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the Term of Three Years, and which by another Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by another Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, ao far as the same relates to allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of British-made Cordage, and which by another Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was revived, amended, and further continued for the further Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of " the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights," which was to be in Force for Five Years, from the 25th Day of December 1786, and also so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the " Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries," as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, is near expiring, and fil to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to permit " the Free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this " Kingdom, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force from the 20th Day of June 1775, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by Two other Acts, made in the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 20th Day of June 1790, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Second and Sixth of the Resolutions, which, upon the 4th Day of this Instant were

reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth, of the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Mr. Matthew Montagu reported from the Select Committee, appointed for the Purpose of taking the Examination of such Witnesses as shall be ordered by the House to attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade, and to report the Minutes of such Examination, from Time to Time, to the House; and to whom the Muster Rolls of all the Vessels which sailed from the Ports of Bristol and Liverpool, from the Year 1780 Vojl. 46.

to the Year 1789, both inclusive, were referred, and who were empowered to report their Observations ' thereupon to the House; That the Committee had examined the said Muster Rolls, and had made Abstracts thereof, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commute* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Supply-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, Accounts, be now read. &c- referr*d.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Exchequer Bills made forth in pursuance of an Act, Bypassed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the " Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes " therein mentioned," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the D*. Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- Estimate of fraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia* Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st of January 1791 to the 1st of January 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- New Bruns-fraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of wick'

New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1791 to the 24th of June 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- Saint John'* fraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint Islat*d. John, in America, from the 1st of January 1791 to the 1st of January 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- Cape Breton, fraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1791 to the 24th of June 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary Newfound-to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers land-in the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st of April 1791 to the 1st of April 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary Bahama to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama kk"d*. Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1791 to the 1st of January 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to Bermuda " the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, Island*.

" from the 24th of June 1791 to the 24th of June 1792," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to Dominica,

" the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from " the 1st of January 1791 to the 1st of January 1792," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- New Suutk ing the Civil Establishment of Neio South Wales, from "al#s* the 10th of October 1791 to the 10th of October 1792, be referred to the said Committee.

5 S Ordered,

434

18° Aprilis.

A. 1791.

Disposition of Graats.

Report Plymouth Harbour Petition.

Ordered, That the Account shewing, how the Money, OrderThat the Report be received. Tomorrow given for the Service of the Year 1790, has been disposed Morning, of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the

15th Day of April 1791; and the Parts remaining An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Macclesfield unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the hill to the said Committee. Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and paS5ed'

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 7th Day w idening the Road from Broken Cross, in -

of May 1787, was made from the Committee, to whom field, in the County of over the.Long Moss

the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Bur- and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether gesses, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Tabley, in the said County, and for turning and ex-Town of Plymouth, was referred, be referred to the said changing Part of the said Road, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Broken Cross, in in the County

Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, of Chester, over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the That they had come to several Resolutions; which they Turnpike Road in Nether Tabley, in the said County,

Committee

of Ways and Means.

Account of Interest on Annuities referred.

had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid into the Exchequer in Part of Interest on the Sum of

and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Committee of the General As- Petition from sembly of the Church of Scotland, appointed to the lhe Commit-Effect aftermentioned, was presented to the House, efra\he and read; Setting forth, That the General Assembly Assembly of of the Church of Scotland, met at Edinburgh on the the Church 27th Day of May 1790, did unanimously come to the of Scotland, following Resolutions — 1st, That, by a fundamental Article in the Treaty of Union, the Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Church Government are unalterably secured as the only established Religion and Church Government within that Part of the United Kingdom, and are inseparable from the Constitution of the British Empire — 2dly, ~

ChDil

05 $1

_ _ ______ , That, by the Fourth

Article of the Treaty of Union, it is provided, that 187,000, raised by Annuities by Act 29® Georgii Tertii there shall be an equal Communication of all Rights, Regis, for the Year ended the 5th Day of April 1791, Privileges, and Advantages, which belong to the 1 r Subjects either of Scotland or England, except where it is otherwise expressly agreed by the said Treaty — 3dly, That by an Act of the Parliament of England, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Charles II. ail Persons within the Realm of England, Wales, or Berwick upon 'Exceed, holding any Office or Offices, Civil or Military, or receiving any Pay, Salary, Fee, or Wages, or having Command or Place of Trust from or under His Majesty, or by Authority derived from Him, are liable to severe Penalties and Forfeitures, unless they shall, within a limited Time after receiving or being admitted into such Office, Pay, Salary, or Wages, receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper in some Public Church upon some Lord’s

be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hemy Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That

he was directed by the Committee to move, That they Day, according to the Usage of the Church of.

; and that, in consequence of the said Act, the Members of the Church of Scotland holding British

may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee on Importation of Italian Silk Crapes, &c.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Offices, Civil or Military, or receiving, as British Subjects, any Salary, Fee, or Wages, from or under His Majesty, or by Authority derived from Him, have been supposed liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Statute, unless they receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according to consider of the Importation into Great Britain of to the Usage of the Church of England — 4thly, That,

Silk Crapes and Tiffanies, of the Manufacture of Italy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Iiemy Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

as this Construction of the Act constitutes a manifest Inequality been the Members of the Two Established Churches of Great Britain, is injurious to the Morals of the People of Scotland, and has a Tendency to weaken and undermine the Church of Scotland, it is the Duty of the General Assembly, as the Guardians of the Religious Establishment of Scotland, to take every Legal and Constitutional Mode, and to embrace the earliest proper Opportunity, to obtain effectual Relief from the Grievances arising from the said Act of the Parliament of England, commonly called The Test Act, as affecting the Members of the said. National 6 Church;

Committee oo Slave Trade.

Quebec Bill deferred.

Catholic Dissenters Bill deferred.

31 Geo. III. 18° — 19# Aprilis. 435

Church; and that it was then moved, and unanimously agreed to, That a Committee of the said Assembly should be appointed, with instructions to take the earliest proper Opportunity to obtain Redress of the Grievances stated in the Resolutions, which the Assembly have adopted, by every Legal and Constitutional Mode which they shall judge to be most effectual, and the following Committee was appointed accordingly; viz.The Aloderator, Dr. Hill, Dr. Carlyle, Dr. Macknight, Sir Henry Dr. Bryce

Johnston, Mr. Lapslie, Mr. Dun, Dr. , Dr.

Sommerville, Mr. Walker, Dr. and Mr. Welsh,

Ministers; the Lord Provost of Edinburgh, Lord President, Lord Advocate, Earl of Lauderdale, Solicitor General, Dean of Faculty, Fergusson,

Esquire, the Procurator, Robert , Esquire,

Mr. Boyle, of Shew a I ton, Mr. Kennedy, of Denure, Mr.

JohnClerke, Advocate, and Professor Ruling

Elders, any Seven of w hom to be a Quorum, and appointed Sir Henry Afoncrieff' Convener, and the Committee to report to the next General Assembly; and that the Petitioners acting by Appointment of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, and in Obedience to the Instructions received from that venerable Dody by the above Resolutions, do therefore make this Application to the House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole HousC, to consider further of the African Slave Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wiliam Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the African Slave Trade.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Rill to repeal certain Parts of p.n Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more " effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North ," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for reading the Third Time, Tomorrow Morning, the ingrossed Bill to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, Persons called Protesting Catholic Dissenters, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Vol. 46.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 19* die Aprilis;

Anno 310 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

f\RDERED That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrrant Dorsetshire to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Dorset, in the room of William Morton Pitt, Esquire, who since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Mr. Bramsion reported from the Committee, to Staunton's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate Bill An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of or belonging r*po^<1’8,1,1 to Thomas Staunton, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties 1)4 of Essex, Suffolk, and Buckingham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in such Manner as therein is mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open or Chaddesden Common Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Inclosure Grounds, within the Liberty of Chaddesden, in the Parish of Spotulon, and County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord George Cavendish, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords Walker: have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Eastwood Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Inclosur#

OO 9 H*11

Waste Grounds within the Parish of Eastwood, in the "Ul-County of Nottingham; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dunsfordaud Act to continue and amend an Act of the Twelfth Year »hej^b[.oolt of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and 08 1

widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dun ford, in the County of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in the Forest of Dartmoore, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Sir William Milner reported from the Committee, to Archbishop whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Exc°Lige ° Act for establishing and confirming a certain Exchange Bi:l reported agreed upon between his Grace the Archbishop of and passed. York and William Markham, Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments of the said Archbishop, called Beckey Grange, in the Parish of Abbetjord, in the County of

19° Apr

A. 1791.

of York, for certain Lands and Hereditaments of the said William Markham, situate at Langthorne and Crake-

hall, in the Parishes of Bedale ^nd or One of

them, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Milner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Roads comprized in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of , through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Norto Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, in the said County; and for

repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with one of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Farpa

[Jls.

An ingrossed

Bill to repeal so much of an Act, Vinehall aid Buckingham A Bill for amending and widening several Pieces of of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for re- Craps’s Cor.

Road Bill6y ^oa^> an(l opening and making several Pieces of new pairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike uerR°adB‘u

committed. Road therein described, so as to make a convenient Road at , in the Parish of in the pass

Carriage Road from Buckingham through Brackley to County of Sussex, to Cripps's Corner, and from thence join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury, was to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the read a Second Time. Windmill in the Parish of Beckly, and from Staple Cross

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel to Longley's Water Corn Mill at and from

Egerton, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County,

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s as relates to the said Roads from Staple Cross to the

lii'A1

Chamber.

Whittlesea

and Stan-

grouud

Drainage

Petition

reported.

The Lord Hinchinbrookreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition t>f Sampson Lord Eardley, Thomas Vaughan, Esquire, Francis Lawrence, and Samuel Edwards, Gentlemen, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

Turnpike Road near the said Windmill, and from Staple Cross to Longley's Water Corn Mill aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the rest of the said Roads, was. read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Eleventh Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen-to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that fog the Road from the Turnpike Road at Vinehall, in ry - ' 1 1 the Parish of Mountfield, in the County of Sussex, to

Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckley, and from Staple Cross to Longley's Water Corn Mill at Kent Hitch, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of in the said County, as relates to the said Roads from Staple Cross to the Turnpike Road near the said Windmill, and from Staple Cross to Longley's Water Corn Mill aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the rest of the said Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill

h

id

fc]

LIII

Ouze Navigation Bill committed.

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Leonard Bell being examined, said, That the Lands described in the Petition are subject to be Overflowed and annoyed with Water for Want of a proper Drainage, and by that Means are rendered in a considerable Degree unprofitable to the Proprietors thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for embanking, draining, and improving, certain Marsh and Low Lands, called The Must and Drysidcs, in the Parish of Whittlesea, in the County of Cambridge, and in the Parish of Stanground, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge: And that the Lord Hinchinbrook and the Earl Ludlow do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex; and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Adam, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom Poor Bill the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, reported, the Laws in being for the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at 'the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient‘for the Use of the Members of the House.

FI. m well Vent Road Bill passed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Supply, was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For paying Northiam, to Rye in the said County of Sussed', and That the Sum of Two Millions be granted to His Ma- off Excht-

from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner, in the jesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer ‘ s‘

said County of Sussex; and for repairing and widening Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last

a Piece of Road communicating with some. of the Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising

" a further

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and

31 Geo. III. 19° A 4C3T

a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, lor the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

For paying Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

offKxchequer That the Sum of One Million l*e granted to Mis Majesty, f0r paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the hist Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling 1 lis Majesty to raise the Sum of Oue Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Catwater

Harbour.

Kora Scotia.

New Brunswick.

8t John's Island.

Cape Breton.

Newfound -land.

Bahama

Islands.

Bermuda

Islands.

Dominica.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to Mis Majesty, to Ire employed in cleansing and securing the Harbour of Cutwat and Sutton , near

Plymouth, in the County of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Three hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st Day of January 1791 to the 1st Day of January *792-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Four hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, lor defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1701 to the 24th Day of June 1792.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred ami Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the 1st Day of January 1791 to the 1st Day of January 1792-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in from the

24th Day of June 1791 to the 24th Day of June t702-

Resn/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand One hundred and Eighty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Nnt fouudUind, from the 1st Day of April 1791 to the 1st Day of April 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st Day of January 1791 to the 1st Day of January 1792-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1791 to the 24U1 Day of June 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opiniop of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st Day of January 1791 to the 1st Day of January 1702.

Vol. i 0.

Resolved, That it i* the Opinion of this Committee, New South That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence 't hree Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South IPales, from the 10th Day of October 1791 to the 1 oth Day of October 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Deficiency of That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Seven Grants, thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1790.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Stockton Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Stockton, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Lawrence reported from the Committee, to BiPonPav, D£ whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough re*

and Township of Ripon, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Edward Barstuxv being examined, said, That the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the said Borough, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are in some Places very incommodious and unsafe for Travellers and Passengers; and that it would tend greatly to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Township, and ail other Persons resorting to and travelling through the same, if the said Streets, Lanes,

Public Highways, Passages, and Places were properly paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated, and kept free from Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report Ways from the Committee of the whole House, to whom 40(1 ^eans-it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to I lis Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Part of la-That, towards making good the Supply granted to His ,erest on Fo- Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Four thousand gemce^lo-and Twenty-six Pounds and Six Shillings, paid into ney. the Exchequer, in Part of Interest upon the Principal Sum of One hundred Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, advanced for Foreign Secret Service.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

5 T Mr.

19° — 20° Aprilis. A. 1791.

Report Reso- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported lution on Im- froin the Committee of the whole House, to whom it ol'ka'lln was referred to consider of the Importation into Great Silk Crapes, Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies, of the Manufac-&c. ttire of Italy, the Resolution which the Committee had

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation into Great Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies, of the Manufacture of Italy, be prohibited, unless brought directly from thence.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Keels, &c- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to

Re-admea- Order, a Bill to prevent Keels, Pan Keels and Pan presented. B°ats> and other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals after having undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill Ire read a Second Time.

Expiring Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to

Laws Bill Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the

presented, granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and

Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-m&de Cordage; to the futher Support and Encouragement of the

Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and to the prohibiting the Exportation Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in

those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to make perpetual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mersey and Mr. Blackbume presented to the House, according

lrwell Navi- Order, a Bill for altering and amending an Act,

presented. passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for

" making the Rivers Mersey and Navigable

" from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine

" of LancasterAnd the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

GameCerti- A Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional ficates Duty Duty on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of milled"11" Game, was read a Second Time. m Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Petition fora A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Scar-Ttu.ua Dugs, borough, in the County of York, was presented to the

12

House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive that the Measure so often proposed, and so long w ished for, of a Tax upon Dogs, would be of public Utility, and that if the Owner of every Dbg was to be made liable to an Annual Parochial Tax, to be applied in Aid of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, no Description of Persons could with Justice complain of such an Assessment, as the Payment of it would depend upon the Choice and Pleasure of every Individual:

And therefore praying the House to take into their Consideration the Merits of this Petition, collectively, with other Representations on the same Subject, and to enact such a Law respecting the Premises as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the African Slave Trade, be now lra e' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Four of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Mercurii,20° die Aprilis;

Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and The Lords Mr. Walker: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, 1

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tarvin Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Com- inclosure mons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Tarvin, in the County of Chester; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Shepton Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three several Mallet Roads Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of , in

the County of Somerset, and for repairing the Road from a Place called Long Cross Bottom to the Bruton Turnpike Road, near Batcombe Church, in the s?ud County, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lancs, and other Public Passages, within the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Fyfield and Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Newhmige several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years 0dd*111 of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and from an Inn called The Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of which

stands in the said County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

The

I E-flu . j;

fell

Wit

(:!i!

lAl

stk

K:rkc

I to y-jti

1

31 Geo. III.

20° Aprilis.

439

ISrightVielm-ston Hoads Hill.

Manchester Canal Bill.

Whitchurch The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Koud Dili. Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and w idening the Road from , in

the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at AiJcrmastonGreat Bridge, in the County of Berks', without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Bright hchwstonto The County Oak on

Heath, in the County of Sussexwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near in the

Township of Little Lexer and from thence, by One Branch, to or near the Town of , and by ano-

ther Branch to or near the Town of Bury, and to WeddcllBrook, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster';without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, in the County of Norfolk, and City of and County of the same City; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. AihI then the Messengers wiuidrew.

Kirkcaldy Mr. Charles Hope reported from the Committee, to Two Femmes whom the Petition of the Lord Provost and Magis-

t t I i\ n _ __ . a _ .

Kirkcaldy, and Liberties thereof: And that Mr. Charles Hope and Mr. John Hope do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Norfolk Woolcomb-ers Bill, with an Amendment.

ScutsPetiUon repoi ted.

3

.1

trates of the Town of Kirkcaldy, in the County of Fife, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or Onesixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots " Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for " Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the " Town of Kirkcaldy and Liberties thereofand also an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to continue and render more effectual the said Act, were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Kay being examined, said. That the Lord Provost and Magistrates have collected and received the aforesaid Duty under the Authorily of the said Acts, and have proceeded in repairing, preserving, and maintaining the Harbour of Kirkcaldy, and other Public W orks of and belonging to the said Town, in which they have made considerable Progress — That the Duty by the said Acts directed to be levied, together with the Town’s Revenue, have amounted upon an Average to £. 249 per;

and that the Annual Expenditure has amounted upon an Average to the Sum of £. 240, and that the Town’s Debt amounts to the Sum of £2,302; and the Works directed by the said Acts cannot be completed and kept in Repair, nor the Debt incurred be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Vol 40.

A Bill for confirming an Agreement entered into Deeltiver between the Company of Proprietors of the Under- Company’s taking for recovering and preserving the Navigation ^Fcona- of the River Dee, and certain Lords of Manors lying muted, below, or to the South Last of Greenfield Gate, in the County of Flint, on the South Side of the said River Dee, and other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons, and the Old Common Salt Marshes, lying on the South Side of the said River, and below or to the South East of Greenfield Gate aforesaid, and an Award made in Consequence thereof, and for erecting Part of the said Company’s Lands into a separate Township, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robet't SalusburyCotton, Sir Roger Mostyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are P«iition thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an against Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign gl"8al^r^c. of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, paving Bill.

" An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the " Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Luke,

" in the County of Middlesex, and regulating the " Nightly Watch and Bedels, and for repairing the " Highways within the said Parish," on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees, and also on Behalf of the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping u>

Repair, Finsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other Streets and Places communicating with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same; and Setting forth, That if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands, it would very materially affect the Rights vested in the Petitioners by the said recited Act, and would also be highly injurious and oppressive to the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to Saffron Wal* whom the Bill for repairing the Parish Church of Saf- d*n Church from JValden, in the County of Essex, was committed; repor

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then , a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally pul thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Norton in the

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

0 1j sure bill rt«

Fields, sorted.

440 20' A prills. A. 1791*.

Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within fend would be no way beneficial, but create an unne-the Manor or Township of Norton in the Clay, in the cessary Burthen and Expence to Government, and be a North Riding of the County of York, was committed; great Detriment and Prejudice to the Trade, and the That the Committee had examined, and found that the Event hath clearly proved the Truth of the Represen-Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April tations made by the Committee at Dartmouth on Behalf 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied of the Trade in general, for, by the needless Restraints with; and that the Committee had examined the Alle- of the said Custom House, the Seizure and Confisca-gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tion of Vessels for small Irregularities of the Masters Siat the Parties concerned had given their Consent to (by which no Loss whatever could possibly arise to the the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and Revenue of this Kingdom) added to the exorbitant

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Fees demanded and taken by the Officers of the

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Customs, the Newfoundland Fishery hath decreased directed him to report to the House; and he read the very considerably within a few Years last past, and in Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, an alarming Manner within the Two last Years, there with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: being at this Time a large Number of Vessels, and

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Thousands of Fishermen, out of Employment, and the

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Trade in great Danger of being totally lost to this

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the House. the Petitioners Case into Consideration, and to afford

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be them such Relief in the Premises as the House may see ingrossed. necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the c.edney In- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Table, closure Bill Common Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds,

passed. in the Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom ITcanor and

Gedney Fen, in the County of Lincoln, was read the the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons Codnor in.

Third Time. or Waste Grounds within the Lordships or Liberties of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Hea and Codnor, in the Parish of Heanor, in the Kp°r e '

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee Marshes, -Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills Fen, in the County of Lincoln. of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to Committee had also found that Provision is made in the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the said Bill for exempting the Lord of the Manor, and the Trustees of any Hospital, School, or other public Petition from A Petition of the Merchants, and others, concerned Use or Charity, from any Expences of the Act; and PortUlasgow in the Newfoundland Trade and Fishery, residing in the that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the^New- P01^ of Port Glasgow, in the County of Renfrew, was the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

foumlland presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

Fishery. the Newfoundland Fishery hath formerly been a very to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the

beneficial Trade to this Kingdom, and Nursery for Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at

hardy and experienced Seamen, and it hath hitherto £.6. 1 s. 10 per Annum, who refused to sign the

been promoted and encouraged by the Wisdom of Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates as-

Parliament, and Laws enacted for making it free from sessed at £.5. 14*. 0 per Annum, who could not be

all Exactions; and that, from the Burthens and Re- met with; and that the whole Property belonging to *i

strictions under which the Trade now labours, it is at Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the

this Time, and for some Years past hath been, in a Land Tax at ^.216. is. 6\d. per Annum; and that no

very declining State, all of those concerned therein Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the

having sunk large Sums of Money, and many been Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the

totally ruined: That the Nature of the Trade is such Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which as to require the utmost Care, Assiduity, and Dili- they had directed him to report to the House; and gence, and a few Hours Neglect, in some Seasons, he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards dewill be likely to ruin a whole Voyage, from the pecu- livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s liar Attention necessary for curing Fish for a Market, Table: Where the Amendments were Once read and the Shortness of the Time for that Purpose; and throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

that the Laws in Force in the Island of Newfoundland, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

in the Reign of King William the Third, are now agreed to by the House.

effectual for affording ample Redress on every Occa- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be sion, and the Establishment of any new Court of ingrossed.

Common Pleas, or any other new Court of Law, in

that Island, is quite unnecessary, and can be calculated Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, Christ

for no other Purpose than increasing Fees for the pri- to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Church PaT"

vate Emolument of a few Individuals, and by sub- Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of i»'"l’iti(,cn's

jecting the Merchants, their Agents, or Boatkeepers, Houses or Inhabitants within the Parish of ported.

to be summoned to serve on Juries, or for any other Church, in the County of Surrey; and also, the Peti-

Purpose, or fined for their Neglect, and encouraging tion of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto

idle and disorderly Servants and Fishermen to neglect subscribed, Owners, Occupiers, and Inhabitants of

their Masters Service in the most busy and important Houses, in a certain Lane, Alley, or Passage, leading

Season for catching and curing Fish, and to apply on from Bull Alley, West, to Court, East, in the

every frivolous Occasion to the Officers of the said Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, were

Court, whose Interest it will be to promote such severally referred; That the Committee had examined f

vexatious Applications, will leave the Merchants in- the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him,

tirely at the Mercy of the Officers of the Court, and to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the

the Trade and Fishery must inevitably be ruined; and House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

that the Petitioners clearly foresaw', and represented to afterwards delivered it in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the Lords Committee of Trade, that the Establish- the same was read; and is as followeth;

meat of a Custom House in the Island of Newfound- To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned

Petition,

441

Petition, Mr. Robert Backhouse being examined, said. That the Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, beginning at the East at a House known by the Sign of The Falcon, and ending West at the End of the said Parish, at or near the Old Barge House, is, in some Parts, very narrow, ill paved, ami not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, or watched, and is subject to many Annoyances, Nuisances, and Encroachments, and it would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Street, and to the Public, if the same were properly widened, paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and improved:

That it would be for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants, if several other Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Public Passages and Places within the said Parish, were widened, improved, paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated.

To prove the Allegations of the second mentioned Petition, Mr. Robert Backhouse being again examined, informed your Committee, That the Lane or Alley leading from Bull Alley, M ost, to faryyold Court, East, is very little used as a Thoroughfare, and is a Lurking Place in the Night Time lor Thieves, and other ill-disposed Persons; and it would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the Parish, if so much of the said Lane or Alley as lies between a House in the Occupation of F.duard and the

East End of an Iron Foundry, in the Occupation of James Lukin, was shut up.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, regulating, and improving, a certain Street, called The Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and certain other Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for shutting up Part of an Alley or Passage, leading from Bull Alley to 3/arygold Court: And that Lord William Russell and Mr. William Clement Finch do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Anwick, &e. Sir John Thoroldreported from the Committee, to Juclosure and whom the Petition of I Ham Hazelwood, the Rcve-

Drainagt

Petitions

reported.

rend John Andrews, Clerk, and Thomas on

Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Open and Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Fens, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Anwick,in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of certain inclosed Low Lands, called Prate Grounds, within, or adjoining upon, the Township of Forth Kyme, in the County of Lincoln, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2,r,th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with in respect to the first mentioned Petition, but that the said Standing Oiders, relative to Bills of Drainage, so far as respects the said last mentioned Petition, had not been complied with, it not being known, till about Three Weeks since, that by the draining of the Lands in the Parish of Anwick, as proposed to be done by the intended Bill, the said Inclosed Low Lands, called The Prate Grounds,would be liable to be flooded, or

otherw ise injured, by the more rapid Discharge of the Waters from the Lands in , unless Provision is

made in the said Bill for extending the Works of Drainage to the said Prate , and that by so

doing the Drainage of the Lands in Anwick would be rendered more secure, and done with less Expence to the Proprietors of Estates there; and that the Parties interested arc desirous that the said Praie Grounds should be drained under the Powers of the said Bill; and that it is intended that Notice of having applied to Parliament to include The Praie Grounds in the said Vox,. 46.

Bill, shall be given to all the Persons interested, previous to the Bill going into a Committee; and that the Committee had also examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition, Mr. BetijaminHandley being examined, said,

That the Lands and Meadow Grounds in the Parish of Anwick, are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and that a great Part of the said Meadow Grounds and Lands are frequently Overflowed, or otherwise annoyed, with Water; and that if the same were properly drained, and divided into specific Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, the Whole might be considerably improved, to the great Advantage of all Parties interested, and to the Benefit of the Public.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the second mentioned Petition, Mr. Handley being further examined, said, That certain Inclosed Low Lands, called The Praie Grounds, are, at certain Seasons of the Year, liable to be injured by Water and Floods, and that it would tend to the better Drainage and Improvement thereof, if the same were, for the Purpose of Drainage only, included in the Bill now in Agitation for draining and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Anwick, and that the Drainage of the Lands in the said Parish of

o t

Anwick would thereby be considerably assisted and improved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields,

Meadow Ground, Half Year's Land, Common Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Antvick, in the County of Lincoln, and for embanking and draining the said Common Fens, and certain inclosed Low Lands adjoining thereto, called The Praie Grounds, in or near the Township of North Kyme, in the said County: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Nettleton Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, inclosure Bill and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Nettleton, in cotnmiUf the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved \That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money expended Account, 4c. on the Works at Somerset Place, from the Commence- M°ney ment to Lady Day 1791, and an Estimate of the Sum Somerset which will be necessary to complete the same; shew- place, ing how much of the Money expended has been referred, accounted for according (0 the Course of the Exchequer, and for howr much of the Remainder Vouchers have been produced to the Person appointed to superintend the Works carrying on under the Direction of Sir William Chambers, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had

0 U directed

20*

directed him to Report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-

A. 1791.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Tkmdas be added to the Member Gentlemen Who are appointed to prepare, and bring addedtobring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition lreve" of William Bet hell, Esquire, Lord of die Manor of B^l_osur* Leven, in the East Rkling of the County of York, and a Proprietor of certain Open and Uninclosed Lands there, thereinafter mentioned, the Reverend Richard Gee, Rector of Leven aforesaid, and Lord of the Manor

night, the 2d Day of May next, resolve itself into a of the Rectory of aforesaid, and others, Whose

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Quebec Bill deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more " effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North ," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Hands are thereunto set or subscribed, Owners of, or otherwise interested in, the Lands and Grounds thereinafter mentioned.

Sir Thomas Dundas presented to the House, accord- Leven Inclo-ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several sure bill Lands and Grounds in the Township of Leven, in the Presented* Parish of Leven, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Report which Rifron Paving

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the bill ordered.

Bill for the Custody and Employment of Offenders deferred.

Catholic Dissenters Bill passed.

resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, and for the Regulation of the Places in which such Offenders may be confined, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 12th Day of May next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to relieve, upon Conditions a’tvd under Restrictions, Persons called Protesting Catholic Dissenters, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 30. At the End of the Line to add " mere."

Pr. 7. 1. U. To leave out from " whomsoever" to " and, " in Line 15.

Pr. 11. 1. 9. To leave out " Communication," and insert " Communion" instead thereof.

Pr. 21. 1. 22. After " respectively" to insert " And whereas by the said Act,

" passed in the Twenty-fifth " Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King Charles the Se-M cond, there is contained a Declaration, commonly called the " Declaration against Transubstantiation."

1. 36. At the End of the Line to add " and Declaration."

1. 37. To leave out " Two."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject.

Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and Township of Ripon, in tlje County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets,

Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances, within the said Borough, and within the Township of Ripon, in the said County:

And that Mr. Burdon, Sir John Inand Mr. Hairy Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the thereunder signed Merchants Petition, of Liverpool trading to Africa, on Behalf of them- against selves, and other Persons concerned in the said Trade, ^c^[*^ee°tna was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, iiUl.eme That the Petitioners have observed in the Votes, that an Application hath been made by Robert Hunter, of the City of London, Merchant, Henry Thornton, of the said City, Esquire, and Philip Sansom, of the said City,

Merchant, on Behalf of themselves, and other Persons associated with them, for Leave to bring in a Bill to make such Adventurers a Body Corporate, for the Purpose of carrying on sach Trade, as is therein stated, by the Name of The Saint George's Bay Company, and for granting to them the sole Use, Property, and Possession, of a certain District, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, as now vested in His Majesty, and for making further Purchases as therein mentioned; and that the River Sierra Leona, from its advantageous Situation, the Facility of its Entrance, and Security of its Havens, offers a safe Asylum in its commodious Bays to Ships of every Size, though destitute of Anchors and Cables, which is too often the Case, and is the only Port in a Range of at least Sixteen hundred Miles of Coast, where Vessels exceeding the Size of a Long Boat can enter at all Seasons without a Pilot, consequently it is of the utmost Importance, not only to Vessels trading immediately there, but to many others that require either Repairs, or an occasional Supply of Wood, Water, and Provisions, in their Passage to and from other Parts of the Coast of Africa; and that Sierra Leona has ever been a Free and Open Port to all European Nations trading to Africa, as it is now to the Petitioners, and the States of America also, and any Monopoly of the said River and adjacent Country must operate as a

Ordered, That Mr. William Grant do carry the Bill Restriction to British Subjects only, for, in the Defi-to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. nitive Treaty of Peace between His Majesty and the

31 Geo. III. .£0°

,443

the Most Christian King, signed at Versailles, the ?.d of September 1783. after enumerating other Settlements in Africa, and the Regulations concerning the same, in which Sierra Leona is not mentioned, the Twelfth Article declares " as to the Residue of " the Coast of Africa, the English and French Subjects " shall continue to resort thereto, according to tire " Usage which had hitherto prevailed and that any exclusive Grant would be an Infringement of the Rights and Privileges of British Subjects, since the Act of the Twenty-fifth of George the Second, Chapter 31, enacts, " that it should and might be lawful " for all H is Majesty's Subjects to traue and traffic to " and from any Port or Place in between the

" Port of Sallee in South Barba rtf and The Cape of " Good Hope, when, and at such Times, and in such " Manner, and iu or with such Quantity of Goods, " W ares, or Merchandize, as he or they shall think fit, " without any Restraint whatsoever;" and that, if the Views of the Petitioners for such exclusive Grant are only what they set forth, " to erect Houses, Warehouses, and Places of Security for the Persons employed in their Service, to conduct a general Trade " nnd Commerce to and with the Western Coasts " of Africa and the interior Countries of that Continent," every requisite Provision, as the Petitioners apprehend, is already granted to such Persons, in common with the rest of His Majesty’s Subjects, by the 2«Sth Section of the aforesaid Act, which enacts, " that it shall and may be lawful for any of " His Majesty’s Subjects trading to Africa, for the Security of their Goods and Slaves, to erect Houses and Warehouses under the Protection of the said " Forts, or elsewhere, in any other Part of Africa, " within the Limits aforesaid, for the better carrying " on his or their Trade there, which Houses and " Warehouses shall be the Property of the Person " or Persons who shall build the same, but shall not " be disposed of, or let, to any Foreigner whatso- everand that, the Petitioners conceive, the Persons applying for such exclusive Grant are influenced rather by Motives of Private Interest and the Expectation of a lucrative Monopoly, so repugnant to that Spirit of Commercial Freedom which characterises the Opinions of the present Age, than a Regard to the general Good, nor does it appear that such Persons are entitled, from any Services done, to the Public, or otherwise, to any extraordinary Remuneration or Public Favour, and particularly not in a Way circumstanced like the present, which would so very materially interfere with an established System of Commerce in the quiet Enjoyment of which the Petitioners have long remained uninterrupted; and that, if the Application be granted to the Extent prayed for, it would exclude the Petitioners from the advantageous Trade which they have hitherto carried on in the River Sierra Leona, and the intermediate Country from thence to the River Camaranca inclusively, and give to the Persons so applying a Monopoly of the Camwood Trade, enhance the Price of that valuable Commodity to the British Manufacturer, and be, in many other Respects, prejudicial to the Commercial Interests of this Country; that any Monopoly must, in its Consequences, raise the Price of Rice and other Provisions and Necessaries, which have hitherto been furnished by the Natives of that Part of the Coast of Africa to the British Shipping, in great Quantities, and at reasonable Rates, and preclude His Majesty’s Subjects from the Advantages of a free Navigation and Commerce there: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for establishing a Company for carrying 011 Trade between the Kingdom of Great Xou 46.

Britain and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from His Majesty, lus Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to Carry on the said Trade, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^cate* upon the Bill for graining to His Majesty an additional 1 ca Duty on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hairy Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered\That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, M*"8 de‘ to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 2d Day of May next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Holy Island Second Reading of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Stinted Pasture, Common, or Tract of Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of Holy Island, in the County Palatine of , and for ex-

tinguishing the Right of Common upon the ancient Infield Lands within the said Island;

Ordered\That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Counsel be now called in;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

rMr. Burdon,

Sir Matthew White 12.

Ridley:

The Lord,

Mr. Lambton: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved \That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mil-banket Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

21° Aprilis. . 1791.

Jovis,21* die Aprilis',

Anno 31* Georgii III'" Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

lonse DESOL FED, That this House will, at the Rising 2d Mt0 the H°use ^is Day, adjourn till Monday Seven-

a^‘ night, the 2d Day of May next.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendment Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An k>cs ®nd Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor Bill agreed^ within the Hundreds of Lots and in the County

t«. of Suffolk,

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed; viz.

Pr. 12. l.i 7. Leave out from " Pounds " to " And,’’ in Line 35 of the same Press.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Anwick, &c. Sir John Thorold presented to the House, accord-luclosure and ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the presemedBl11 Open Common Fields, Meadow Ground, Half Year’s p Land, Common Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Atrwiek, in the County of Lincoln, and for embanking and draining the said Common Fens, and certain inclosed Low Lands adjoining thereto, called The Praie Grounds, in or near the Township of North Kymc, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ludford Sir John Thorold presented to the House, accord-Inclosure Bill ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the presented. Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Ludford, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

Member add- Ordered, That Sir John Thorold be added to the Gened to bring tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a ,n CurJs Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Inclos’ure' Hacket, Charles Borwyer , and William W

Bill. Esquires, Lords of the Manor of Curdworth and Min-

worth, Afinworth being an Hamlet in the said Parish of Curdworth, in the County of Warwick, and also Owners or Proprietors, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Curdworth and Alina aforesaid, called Curdworth and Fields and Mea-

dows, and the Petition of several other Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish and Liberties of Curdworth and Minworth aforesaid.

Curdworth, Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according Bili 'T'ent to Grder, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open fl| pre*eDt* and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common ’ Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of Curdworth and Minworth, in the Parish of Curdworth,

in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Hope presented to the House, according Kirkcaldy to Order, a Bill to continue Two Acts, made in Two Pennies the Fifteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying presen a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Kirkcaldy, and Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to Nylands In. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors closure Bill or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of reP°rted* Nylands with Badcombe, in the County of Somerset, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Susannah Stagg, Owner and Proprietor of Commonable Estates, in the Manor and Parish of Nylands with Badcombe, in the County of Somerset; and also, the Petition of Joseph Comer, William Singer, Gabriel Stone, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Estates, in the Parish of Wedmore, in the County of Somerset, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in Sup)>ort of the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also consented to the leaving out One of the Commissioners named in the said Bill, and inserting another in his Stead (except the Proprietors of 36 Acres of Old Inclosed Lands, entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, who refused to consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed amount to 394 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Petition re-other Inhabitants, of the Town of Sheffield, whose ®Pect‘"gtlie Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the tio^ Bill8'1 House, and read; Setting forth, That a regular Supply of Com and Flour, at reasonable Prices, being of the utmost Consequence to the labouring Manufacturers and Poor of that Place, it was with great Satisfaction the Petitioners observed that the House were taking the Subject of the Corn Laws into Consideration, not doubting that such Regulations would be adopted for the Encouragement of the Importation of Corn, when the Prices were high, which, at the same Time, would not prove injurious to the Agriculture of this Country, but it is with great Concern they understand, that in the Bill before the House a Clause, relative to the Warehousing of Corn upon the Importation, when the High Duties prevail, has been rejected by the Committee; and that the Petitioners apprehend such a Clause, by allowing the Merchant Importer a Place where he can deposit his Com under certain Restrictions, will have a Tendency to

encourage

4

445

encourage the Importation, and frequently enable him to avoid the immediate Necessity of a Re-exportation, and the consequent Loss arising therefrom: And

therefore praying the House to re-consider the said Clause, and either to adopt it, or to introduce some other Clause to the like Purport, whereby an Importation may be encouraged when the Prices of Com or Flour are unreasonably high, and, at the same*Time, a due Provision may be made for guarding against any Thing which may be injurious to the Agriculture and Improvement of the Waste Lands in this Country.

Petition re- A Petition of the Merchants of London trading to epecting the the Province of Quebec, was also presented to the UonBiJl House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and they conceive that some Part of the said Bill may materially affect their Interests, as well as the Interests of the Province; and that there are now in the said Province considerable Quantities of Wheat and Flour for Exportation, the Value of which will be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, by facilitating Remittances for their Exports from Great Britain; and that, since the Yeas 1773, Foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour, have at all Times been allowed to be landed at certain Ports in Great Britain, and Warehoused, under the joint Locks of the King and Merchant, and from thence re-exported, or taken out for Home Consumption, upon Payment of the Duties then due, which Privilege has been a great Convenience to Trade, and highly advantageous to the Navigation and Commerce of Great Britain, the Grain and flour imported and Warehoused being re-exported chiefly in British Bottoms, or consumed tn this Kingdom, when the Prices of British Grain rendered Foreign Supplies necessary, and it is not within the Knowledge or Belief of the Petitioners, that the Privilege of Warehousing Grain and Flour has ever been abused, or has been prejudicial to the Agriculture of this Kingdom; and that, deprived of the said Privilege, the Petitioners, and their Correspondents in Canada, will, in Times of general Plenty, be compelled to lodge their Grain in the Granaries of Foreign Nations, to the manifest Loss of the Commerce and Navigation of this Kingdom, and the Petitioners conceive it to be sound Policy of Nations essentially Mercantile to encourage and protect the depdt of Merchandize generally, especially of a Necessary of life; and that the Preservation of the said Privilege to the Province of Quebec is the more essential, because, when the Ports of Great Britain open at the Low Duties, it may happen in the Winter Months, when the Navigation of the River Saint Laurence is closed, and, even if that should not be the Case, the Petitioners may not be able to avail themselves thereof, it being more than probable that Supplies from nearer Countries would shut the Ports before Arrivals could be expected from a Country so distant, in consequence of Advices that they were opened; and that the local Disadvantage of the Province of Quebec in respect to Navigation, its Distance from Great Britain, and the consequent Delay, Expence, and Risque, in importing Corn from thence, together with the Advantage accruing to the Mother Country from the Payments being made by Exports of Manufactures, entitle that Province, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, to the Continuance of the Warehouse Clause as Part of the Bill, and also to some Preference in the Price at which the Ports shall open, not only to Foreign Nations, but even to Ireland, which, front its Vicinity, can avail itself of the Markets of Great Britain at very little Expence and Risque, and the Petitioners are informed, and believe, that the Wheat of Ireland is generally greatly inferior in Quality and Value to that produced in the Province of Quebec: And therefore praying, That the House will continue the Warehouse Vox. 46.

Clause a Part of the present Com Bill, and grant such Preference to the Trade of the British Colonies in affixing the Price at which the Ports shall open, as to the House shall seem meet

A Petition of the Merchants of the City of London, Petition reconcerned in the Commerce with the United States of *Pening die America, was likewise presented to the House, and ^0^** read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are engaged in an extensive Export Trade to the United States of America, that their Exports consist principally of the Manufactures of Great Britain ana Ireland, and of Goods imported by the East India Company, and that a very considerable Part of the Remittances thq Petitioners have received in Payment for such Exports, bas been in Wheat and Flour, the Produce of the said States; and that the Petitioners entertain very serious Apprehensions of their Trade being materially injured by a Bill, now depending in the House, for regulating the Exportation and Importation of Com, in case the Price at which Wheat shall be imported on the Low Duty shall, by the said Bill, exceed Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, or be subjected to the High Duty when under that Average, unless the House, should introduce a Clause in the said Bill, permitting Cargoes to be landed according to the Regulations now in Force, under the Inspection of the proper Officers, such Cargoes to be Warehoused under the joint Locks of the King and the Importer, a Privilege which has been allowed from the Year 1773 in certain specified Ports, where Cargoes landed under such Restriction have remained until the Importer deter-, mined to re-export them, or to take them out for Home Consumption on Payment of the Duties then due; and that the said Privilege has been, and is, very advantageous to the Navigation, Commerce, and Manufactures, of this Country, ’ in as much as the Grain and Flour imported from America, and landed as stated by the Petitioners, are either exported chiefly in British Bottoms, or consumed in this Country, at Times when the Prices of British have indicated the Want of Foreign Grain, and it is not within the Knowledge or Belief of the Petitioners, that the Privilege of Warehousing Grain has been abused, or is likely to be attended with any Prejudice to the Agriculture of this Kingdom, and, that should the Petitioners be deprived of it, they must, be under the Necessity of sending the Cargoes to Foreigners, who will derive those Advantages from the Deposit which this Country has hitherto enjoyed, and it is the more necessary to preserve the said Privilege for Cargoes of American Grain, because those Cargoes are frequently, so heated in Consequence of long Voyages, or so much injured by Sea Water, as to render the Landing them indispensably necessary for their Preservation, and because, when the Ports of Great Britain may open for Importation at the Low Duties, there cannot ba sufficient Time for the Petitioners or their Correspondents to avail themselves thereof, as it is more than probable that the earlier Supplies from Europe will' cause the Ports to be shut before any Arrivals can be expected from America in Consequence of Communications from hence: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and to admit the Importation of Foreign Wheat on the Low Duty, when the Average Price will be at or above Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, and the Warehousing the same when under that Limitation, subject to the Regulations now in Force.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported, is again re-committed.

5X Mr.

J

Ripon Paving Bill presented.

Norton in the Clay Inclosure Bill passed.

Christ Church paving, &c. Bill presented.

Tittensor Roads Petition reported.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and matching the Streets, Lanes, and Other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of , in the County of York, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, within the said Borough, and within the Township of Ripon, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of Norton in the Clay, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. l. After " allowed" to insert " such Se-'* cond Meeting to be holden on or " before the 24th Day of June 1791."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of Norton in the Clay, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Wittiam Russell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, regulating, and improving, a certain Street, called The Upper Ground , in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of , and certain other Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for shutting up Part of an Alley or Passage, leading from Bull Alley Vo Marygotd Court: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crawfurd reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Nineteeth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing *' into One Act of Parliament the several Laws now " in Force for repairing the Road leading from the u Town or Village of Tittensor, to the most Northern " Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford, and for repairing the Road from Dar- lastmeUndgc, Over Tittensor Heath, through the Town f‘ or Village of Tittensor aforesaid," and also of the Creditors who have lent Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the Bars erected upon the said Roads, by virtue 01 and under the said Act, and also of several other Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the County of Stafford,near to the said Road, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, wns referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been

complied with; but that, since the Notices were given, upon surveying the new intended Line of Road, it was found that it would be convenient to make a small Alteration in the Termination of it, by bringing it into the 'TittensorTurnpike Road at a Place about 260

Yards distant from where it was intended to terminate when the Notices were given; and that all the Parties, whose Lands were to be cut in making the said Alteration, had given their Consent thereto; und that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Fentun, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof; and that there now remains due and owing the Sum of £. 3,100, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged. Then,

Mr. John Shcrrat, a Surveyor, being examined, said,

That it would be of great Public Utility, as well as particular Convenience and Advantage to the Persons engaged in certain Manufactories carried on in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, if the said Trustees were enabled to make and open a new Road, branching out of, and leading from, the said Turnpike Road in the said Parish of Stoke upon Trent, at the House of standing upon the 9aid Road, known by the Sign of The Black Lion, to Shelton Wharf, at or near Cliffe Gate Bank.^And he added, That by making the said new Road, it will open a more commodious Communication between the present Turnpike Road and the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to the Town of Newcastle under Lyme, and will considerably shorten the Distance for Carriage and travelling between the Two Turnpike Roads before mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws now in Force for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of " Tittensor to the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford; and " for repairing the Road from Darlastone , over " Tittensor Heath, through the Town or Village of " Tittensor aforesaid and for making and keeping in Repair a Road branching out of the said Turnpike Road, near the House known by the Sign of The Black Lion, to or nearly to Shelton Wharf, all in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford: And that Mr. Crawfurd, and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Supply, was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Somerset That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand House. Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for carrying on and completing the Buildings at Somerset House; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported GameCerti-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Biii^cporitd the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game, was committed, the Amendments which tiro Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where

21° Aprilis. 447

Where the Amendments were Once reed throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bank Divi- The Order of the Day being read, for the Third dends Bill Reading of the ingrossed Bill for applying to the Pub-eene ' lie Service the Sum of f 500.000, out of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England from Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends, on Account of the National Debt, a'nd for securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 3d Day of May next

the City and County of Edi, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Robert , of Green-

yards, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioner in Support of his Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several orther Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same w'as committed.

Minehead Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, in the room of the Honourable George Parker, commonly called Lord Viscount Parker, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household.

Harwich Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ- foe Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Orde, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Isle of Wight.

Orkney and Mr. Edward James Eliot, from the Select Commit-Zetland Elec- tee, who were appointed to try and determine the non deter- Merits of the Petition of Colonel Thomas Dundas; and m,ne ‘ also, the Petition of Charles Innes, Clerk to His Majesty’s Signet, Gilbert Meason, Esquire, of Rothiesholm, Captain Alexander Graeme, Malcolm Laing,

Esquire, Advocate, Sir Thomas Dundas, of Kerse, Baronet, and of Charles Dundas, Esquire, being Freeholders of the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Stewartry, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Balfour, Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the County and Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Freeholders of the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Colonel Thomas Dundas did appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Colonel Thomas Dundas did not appear to the said Select Committee to be vexatious-:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said John Balfour, Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Edinburgh G*«»ls Hill reported, and re-commit ttd.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building and maintaining a Bridewell and Correction House in and for Vol. 46.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Papers Te-Papers, tohich were presented to the House upon the 25th lating to Day of February last, by Mr. Chancellor of the Exche- to *

quer, by His Majesty’s Command, be printed, as shall p be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Quebec BUI to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, to consider further of the Bill to repeal certain Parts of An Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more " effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 6th Day of May next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill for establishing a Company Day for act for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Reading

Britain and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of of Ster Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold, n^TliilL by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in his Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 3d Day of May next.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Motion for posed, That there be laid before this House, a Conti- Papers on th* nuation of Copies or Extracts of the Correspondence ^IToo Sul-from the Governments of Bengal and Madras, on the tanwith-subject of the present War with Tip Sultan. drawn.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers East India which were presented to the House upon the nth Company’s Day of this Instant April, by Mr. Morton, from the ^^u*eA-c" Directors of the East India Company, be referred ferred. to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 10th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 2d Day of May next, Ten of the Clock, in the Morning.

3° Mali

2° —

Luna, 2* Maii;

Anno 31* Georgii III|U Regis, 179T.

Praters.

House ad- rV 1H E House met, and being counted by Mr. jooroed. X Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and, it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 3* die Maii;

Anno 31* Georgii IIP Regis, 1791.

Praters.

Petitions in A PETITION of the Inhabitants of the City

Favour of a /V. of Exeter, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: Tax on Dogs. And a]s0)

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, and its Environs;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for a Tax upon Persons keeping Dogs, to be applied in Aid of the Poor’s Rates: And recommending such a Tax to the Consideration of the House. *

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mersey and A Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in Irwell Navi- the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty committed King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making

0the Rivers Mersey and Irwell Navigable from " pool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of " Lancaster;" was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. burne, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Mitford Ordered, That Mr. Mitford do carfy to the Lords to carry Ca. the ingrossed Bill to relieve, upon Conditions and tholic Dis- under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from

to^h^Lord certa’n Pena^‘es and Disabilities, to which Papists, or to t e rs. persons profe8Sing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Aylesbury Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, to whom Road Peti- the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tiuureported, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One of them passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, and the other of the said Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the aforesaid Act, and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame, to the Oxford Turnpike Road, between Postcomb and uorth, in the said County of Oxford, was referred;

A. 1791.

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Giles Prickett being examined, said, That the Trustees have made a considerable Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tplls, have been duly applied according to the Directions thereof — That the Sum of £. 6,300 now remains due, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Witness added, That it is proposed to consolidate the Powers of the said Acts into One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given* to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms of Two several Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twenth-fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road, between comb and Tetsworth, in the said County, and for making

more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads:

And that Mr. Jodrell and the Marquis of do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to Pilchard whom the Petition of the Fishermen and Adventu- Fishery Ad-rers in the Pilchard Fishery, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, was referred; That the Committee porte<L had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the " Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured,

" and exported," was read; by which Act an additional Bounty of Two Shillings per Hogshead (not exceeding 20,000 Hogsheads, but if they exceeded that Number, then the Sum of £. 2.000 to be equally divided) was granted on all Pilchards taken in any Season for Five Years: And,

Mr. Thomas Tree re, a Merchant at Penryn, being examined, said, That the Pilchard Fishery has been for several Years in a declining State, till the last Year, when it began to increase — That the Quantity of Fish caught from the Year 1785 to the Year 1790 has been 7,000 Hogsheads Annually upon an Average; but that in the* Year 1790 about 50,000 Hogsheads were caught, and exported up the Mediterranean, except Three small Cargoes, which were exported to France, Tenerife, and St. Sebastian.

And being asked, Whether any Quantity besides those 50,000 Hogsheads were circulated for the interior Consumption of Cornwall? he said, Yes; the poorer Sort of People live chiefly upon Pilchards and Potatoes.

That

That before the Year 1790 the Fishing Craft were in a State of Decay and Ruin; and that it will be attended with a considerable Expence to put them into very good Repair.

And being asked, Whether the Bounty of Two Shillings per Hogshead granted in the Year 1786, was a seasonable Relief to those concerhed in the Pilchard Fishery ? he said, It was, being much wanted; but that the Term of that additional Bounty will expire the 24th of June 1791.

And being asked, Whether a Renewal of such additional Bounty would not probably enable the Fishermen to put the Fishery on a firm and lasting Establishment? he said, It would; nor can it be done without they have some further Aid. Then,

Mr. Philip Ball,a Fish Curer, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence; but he did not speak to the Quantity of Pilchards exported, it hot being within his Province.

Mr; Treere being again called, was asked, Whether it would not be of great Advantage to the Fishery, if the Bounty was to be permanent? he answered, Yes; and that he does not think the additional Bounty, in its present State, would answer the Purpose of supporting the Fishery.

And being asked, What Alteration of Bounty would answer that Purpose ? he said, By a permanent Bounty, to be consolidated and paid at the same Time with the old Bounty; he meant a fixed Sum per Hogshead upon the whole Quautity taken;

The Witness then produced to your Committee several Papers, containing Statements of the present Establishment of the Fishery; which are hereunto annexed, N* 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. And,

Mr. William Hitchins, and Mr. Edward Tregurtha, Fish Curers at Newlyn,near , being called,

confirmed the Whole of Mr. Treeve's Evidence.

N*i. PILCHARD FISHERY, 1790:

16i Seans at Sea (exclusive of St. Ives) cost, with Boats, Grapnels, Ropes, and other Materials, a. £.500 each, on an Average - - £.

10 Concerns at St. Ives, which consist of 48 Seans, with Boats, c. cost £.400 each Sean -

250 Driving Boats, with Nets, cost on an Average £.150 each 30 Seans on Shore, not at Sea this Year, cost with Materials £. 400 each -Stock of Salt, Casks, Materials for curing the Fish, &c. on 149 Seans, a. £. 200 per Sean ——

Ditto for 250 Driving Boats, a. £.40 per Boat -Cellars erected for curing the Fish on all Parts of the Coast, from Cau-sand in the South Channel, to New Key in the North Channel, computed to -be a Distance' of about 130 Miles - - - - *

50,500 — —

19,200 ——

37,590 ——

12.000 -

29,800 ——

10.000 ——

80,000 ——

£ 239,000 -

Besides the above, there are employed 200 Sloops and Boats to attend on the Fishery, for the Purpose of carrying on Shore the fresh Fish, &c. cost from £.40 to £. 300 — suppose on an Average at £. 100 - - 20,006 ——

£.259,000 ——

N° 2. PERSONS employed on the fishery:

On 101 Seans, a. 18 Men each - 1,818

10 Concerns at St. Ives, a. 28 Men ----- -- - 280

250 Driving Boats, a. 4 Men each - -- -- - 1,000

200 Sloops and Boats for Tenders, a. 3 Men - - - 600

3,698

There are from 4 a. 5,000 People employed on Shore in preparing the Fish for Exportation, as well a great many in making Casks, Netting, Ropes, building and repairing Sloops and Boats, and various other Branches of Business dependent on the Fishery.

There are also employed a great Number of Vessels and Seamen in bringing for the Use of the Fishery from 4 a. 7,000 Tons of Salt Annually from France, Portugal, Spain, and Italy; and as well a large Quantity of Hemp, Spars, Deals,

Oars, Iron, Ship Timber, Staves, Hoops, Tar, Pitch, and a Variety of other Articles from different Places.

There are likewise from 30 a. 160 Sail of Vessels, from 100 a. 300 Tuns Burthen, employed to carry the Pilchards to Italy, where nearly all that are taken are consumed. — These Ships, when they arrive in Italy, generally find Employment in the Mediterranean from Foreigners for some Months, and then get Freights for Hambro’, Holland, France, &c. which run out the Time against the following Year’s Fishery commences. And some are employed in the Streights for a Year or Two — supposed 40 Sail, on an Average 9 Men to each Vessel - -- -- 360

4,058

N. B. The Newfoundland Ships generally, when discharged of their Cargoes of Bacalao, return again to England or Newfoundland immediately, with Salt for their Fishery.

Vo 1.45. 5 Y

Pilchard Fishery Adventurers.

Pilchard Fishery Ad-, ’venturers.

450 ' 3° Mail A. 1791.

N° 3. GENERAL EXPENCE from 1785 a. 1790, being Six Years:

Wages, Wear and Tear, Interest of Capital, as per Account, £. 47,955 per

Annum, for Six Years, amounts to - - - - £ 287,730 — —

Curing Charges; viz*.

Salt, Casks, Bulking, Washing, Packing, Pressing, Porterage, Drink to Labourers, Keyage, Cooperage, Freight from the Fishing Coves, and sundry other Charges till exported, on 85,800 Hogsheads, a. 20$. per

Hogshead ----- ----- - 85,800 -

6,128 Oil Casks, at 8 s. each - 2,451 4 —

In most Places the Seaners have a certain Proportion of the Money the Fish sell for, besides the Wages, which on an Average amounts to about 7*. per Hogshead - 3°>°3°---

£.406,011 4 —

Deduct the Gross Amount of Pilchards Oil and Dregs, including the Bounty produced in 1785, a. 1790 inclusive - - 222,187 — —

Last on Six Years Fishery - - £.183,824 4 —

Is, per Annum - £. 30,637 7 4

N° 4. PILCHARD FISHERY 1790:

Expences Annually.

Seaners Wages, &c. for 101 Concerns, a. £.85 per Sean -

D°, on 10 Concerns, at St. Ives, a, D" -

Wear apd Tear on the 10 Concerns a. St. Ives, a. £. 100 each -

New Netting, Twine, Graplings, Ropes, Sails, Oars, Barking Nets, repairing Boats, &c. — Cost from £.40 a. £.100. — On an Average supposed £.70 -

Ditto, for the DrivingBoats and Nets, 250, a. £.30 per Boat, £. 7,500--

Wages on the Drift Boats, a. £.20 each - 5,000 ——

200 Sloops and Boats employed to attend the Fishery, Wages, Wear and Tear during the Time of the Fishery, a. £. 25 each -

£ 8,585 ——

850 — —

1,000 — —

7,070 ——

12,500 ——

5,000 — —

35,005 ——

Interest on£. 259,000, employed in the Fishery, a. 5 per Cent, per Annum 12,950 -

For One Year - - £.47,955 — —

6

For Six Years - - £.287,730 ——

N#5. PILCHARDS caught and exported:

1785 - 4>500 Hogsheads,

86 - - 6,500

87 - - 11,000

88 - - 7,500

89 - - 6,300

— - 35,8oo -

90 - - - - 50,000 -

85,800

a. 63/ a. 51/6 a. 64/

a. 53/ a. 25/6

per Hogshead £.11,250 ——

- 20,475 ——

- 28,325 ——

- - - 24,000 ——

- 16,695 ——

- 63,750 ——

£. 164,495 ——

Old Bounty on - 85,800 Hogsheads,

New Ditto on - 35,800 D# Ditto - - on - 50,000 D*

a. 7 / per Hogshead 30,030 ——

a. 2/ £.3,580 ——

- 2,000 ——

----- ----- ----- - 5,58o ——

£.200,105 ——

The above Fish produced, on on Average, a. 14 Hogsheads to the Hogshead

of Oil, 1,532 Tons, a. £.13. lor. per Ton - - 20,682 ——

Oil Dregs....

£.222,187 ——

Aid granted for 6 Years - £.12,000 — —

Received as above only - - - 5,580 ----- --.

Less received than Aid granted - - £. 6,420 ——

Ordered,

Stanea Bridge Bill presented.

Hounslow lleaih and Basingstone Hoad Bill presented.

Webb’s, &c. Estate Bill reported, and passed.

Petition respecting Counter’s Bridge and Isleworth Roads Act.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Stanesto Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall appear meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ' examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Main-waring, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts made in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of in the County of Surrey, and for maintaining and repairing Egham Causeway, in the said County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Fifteenth Kirkcnldy and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty TwoPenniw King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two' Scots Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, comm‘ upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Kirkcaldy, and Liberties thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Hope, Mr. Call,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower Nathaniel JV Esquire, and others, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counters Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Tedington Field„and also the Highway leading

out of the said Great Road near SmaUbeny Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 14th Day of February last, Notices \vere given in The General Evening Post, in the Month of February last, of Application having been made to Parliament for an Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and that Notices were also given at the last General Quartev Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Middlesex, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That

Vou.A6.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, Kingston and of the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, and the Sheetbndge Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sumner,

Lord William Russell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Canal, or Abemantand Navigable Communication, from or near a certain Place Neath Canal called Abemant, in the County of Glamorgan, to and comma' through a certain Place called The Brickfield, near Melincrythan Pill, into the River of Neath, near the Town of Neath, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Wyndham, Mr. Call,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names petition are thereto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and against Mr. others, being Colourmen, Druggists, Coachmakers, and Turner's BilL Painters, resident in Kent and Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill forvesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a Time to be limited; and Setting forth, That some of the Allegations contained in the said Bill, and which are given as the Reasons to induce the Legislature to extend the Term of the Patent granted to the said James Turner, are, as the Petitioners apprehend, incorrect Statements of the Facts therein alledged; and that, if the Term of the said Patent was extended for the further Term therein mentioned, it would be highly prejudicial to the Petitioners, and all others dealing in, and working up, Colours throughout the Kingdom, and in many Respects injurious to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass, or that the Petitioners may have such other

Relief

3° Mail.

A. 1791.

Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think ' fit. t

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Codnorln*1 ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

elosure Bill Commons or Waste Grounds within the Lordships or passed. Liberties of Heanorand Codnor, in the Parish of Heanor, in the County of Derbywas read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made to leave out the Name of One of the Commissioners, and to insert the Name of another Person instead thereof;

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the said Inclosure gave their Consent to such Alteration;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. 1. 5-1 To leave out " Daniel Hill, of -

& " terfeld," and insert " Benjamin

6.J " Chambers, of Tibshelf" instead

thereof.

Pr- 35- I- 20. To leave out " Daniel Hill," and insert " Thomas " instead thereof.

1. To leave out " Daniel Hill," and insert " Thomas Fletcher" instead thereof.

1. 33. To leave out " Thomas Fletcher," and insert " Benjamin " instead thereof.

Pr. 36. 1. IS. To leave out " Thomas ," and insert " Benjamin " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Grounds within the Lordships or Liberties of Heanor and Codnor, in the Parish of Heanor, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Christ A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching,

hi^UI&c Bill* w*(*en'n?> regulating, and improving a certain Street committed, called The Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and certain other Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, N uisances, and Annoyances therein, and for shutting up Part of an Alley or Passage, leading from Bull Alley to Marygold Court, was read a Second 'lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Russell, Mr. Bcaufoy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tittensor Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, Roads Bill according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and prciente . powers of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing into One Act of Parliament the " several Laws now in Force for repairing the Road " leading from the Town or Village of to the

* most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt " Dine,in the County of StaJ/'ord; and for repairing

" the Road from Darlustone Bridge, over Tittensor " Heath, through the Town or Village of Tittensor " aforesaid and for making and keeping in Repair a Road branching out of the said Turnpike Road, near the House known by the Sign of The Black Lion, to or neardy to Shelton Wharf, all in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- Ludfonl In* mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common- closure Bill able Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of comm>ttcl1-Ludford, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Parkyns, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ^t Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Parkyns be added to the Gentle- Member admen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a ded to bring Bill, pursuant to the Prayer $f the Petition of the' cl'"snufe0IV several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, BUi. Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Common and Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Lot Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, of West Langton, East Langton, Thorpe and

Tur Langton, in the County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors and Persons interested therein.

Mr. Parkyns presented to the House, according to Langton In-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common closure Bill and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Presented-Lot Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets of West Langton, East Langton, Thorpe Langton, and Tur Langton, in the County of Leicester And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Loughbo-Navigable Communication between the Loughborough rou6h and Canal and the Town of Leicester, and for making and canafnill maintaining a Communication by Railways, or Stone passed. Roads, and Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing lhg same, by passing along the said Canal, to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Loughborough Canal and the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways, or Stone Roads, and Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the same, by passing along the said Canal, to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester. *

Ordered, That Mr. Parkyns do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an East India Abstract Account of Receipts and Disbursements of Accounts and the Bengal Government, between the 30th of April PaP*rs or‘ 1789 and the 1st of May 1790. ere '

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract Account of Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 1st of May 1789 to the 30th of April 1790.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Separate Letter on the Finances of India from the Court of Directors to the Governor

General

31 Geo. III. 3° Mail. 453

General and Council at Bengal,dated the 19th of May drawn, accepted, or advised, from China, for the last

1790. , Five Years, distinguishing, as far as can be collected

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy from any Accounts received, the different Dates thereof,

of the 101 st and Sixteen following Paragraphs of a Letter, and Rates of Exchange, together with the Periods at in the Public Department, from the Court of Directors which they respectively become due. to the President and Council oXFort Saint George, dated Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an the 19th of May 1790. Account of the Sums due from the East India Company

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy to the Paymaster of His Majesty’s Forces, for King’s of the Separate Letter on the Finances of India from Troops serving infor the last Five Years, accord-the Court of Directors to the Governor General and ing to the latest Advices.

Council at Bengal, dated the 3d of June 1790. Ordered, That there be lajd before this House, an

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Account of the Silver exported, and to be exported, of the 1 lth and the following Paragraphs of a Letter, in this Season, by the East India Company, for India the Public Department, from the Court of Directors to and China, specifying the Quantity for each Destina-the President and Council at Fort Saint George, dated tion.

the 3d of June 1790. Ordered,- That there be laid before this House, an

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Account of all Sums that have been obtained by the of the 5th and Seven following Paragraphs of a Letter, Government of Bengal, since the 30th of 1790*

in the Public Department, from the Court of Directors by Loans on Bonds, Certificates, or other Obligations* to the President and Council at Bombay, dated the 3d of specifying the Terms of Interest on which such have June 1790. been received, and when payable, also what Sums have

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an become due and remain undischarged upon Bills or Abstract of the Receipts and Disbursements of the other Claims from the same Period, and further, the Bombay Government, between the 30th of April 1788 Balance of Cash in the Treasury, according to the latest and the 1st of May 1789, and between the 30th of Advices.

April 1789 and the 1st of May 1790. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Amount of Revenue collected from the Account, according to the latest dvices, of all Bills Country of the Nabob of Arcot, from the Time it came drawn, accepted, or advised, from India, since the 30th under the Management of the East India Company, in of April 1789, distinguishing, as far as can be collected the Year 1781, till it was returned to the Nabob in the from any Accounts received, the different Dates thereof, Year 1785, distinguishing the Nett Sum received in each and Rates of Exchange, together with the Purposes, or Year.

supposed Purposes, for which drawn, and the Periods *

at which they respectively become due. Mr. presented to the House, according to Sheffield In-'

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons closureJ^11 Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting and Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Mesne Ih- p an Account of the East India Company’s Affairs in closures, within the Manor of Sheffield, in the West respect to their Debts and Assets, as they stood at the Riding of the County of York: And the same was re-Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and ceived; and read the First Time.

Bombay, on the 30th of April 1788, the 30th of April Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1789, and the 30th of April 1790, distinguishing each

Year, and explaining the Particulars of Debts owing to A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and ^eveB the Company at the above Periods, according to the Grounds in the Township of Lecen, in the Parish of committed, latest Advices. Leven, in the East Riding of the County of York, was Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an read a Second Time.

Account of the Quantity of Salt made and sold in Bengal Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. for the last Five Years, distinguishing each Year, ac- berforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are- to meet cording to the latest Advices. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Chamber.

Account of the Nett Value of India and China Goods,

and the Amount of each remaining unsold, in the East A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Curdworth, India Company’s Warehouses, on the 1st of March in mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Inclosure the several Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, 1790, and Heath and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable

1791, distinguishing each Year. Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of Curdworth and

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Minworth, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the County of

Account of all Bullion, and of all Stores and Goods, in- Warwick, was read a Second Time.

tended for Sale, or for Public Service, shewing the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Amount of each respectively, as far as it can be ascer- ton, Mr. Call, c.: And they are to meet this

tained, that have been exported by the East India Com- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

pany for India or China, from the 1st of March 1786 to Chamber.

the 1st of March 1791, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Anwick, Ac.

Abstract of the Prime Cost, and also the Charges de- Fields, Meadow Ground, Half Year’s Land, Common In«1«sur.e

pendant thereon, of all the Cargoes purchased in India Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Amoick, at the different Presidencies, shewing the Amount at in the County of Lincoln, and for embanking and drain- mitted. each Presidency for the last Five Years, distinguishing ing the said Common Fens, and certain inclosed Low each Year, and the Proportions of Prime Costand Lands adjoining thereto, called The Praie Grounds, in or Charges in India, as far as the same can be ascertained, near the Township of North Kyme, in the said County, according to the latest Advices. was read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Account of the Full Cost and Charges of all Cargoes Thornton, Mr. Call, c.: And they are to meet this purchased in China, and shipped for Europe during the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s last Five Years, distinguishing each Year, according to Chamber, the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply Account, according to the latest Advices, of all Bills ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred. Voi»46. 5 Z to

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Merchants of London trading to Africa\was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed by the Votes, that Application has been made by several Persons (who have already formed themselves into a Society) praying to be incorporated under the Description of The Saint George's Bay Company, with an exclusive Right to be vested in them of a certain District called The Peninsula of Sierra , and such Lands adjoining as they may make a Purchase of hereafter, or obtain by Grant from such of the African Princes as may have a Right therein; and that the said Peninsula commands tfte Entrance of the River Sierra Leona, which is the only commodious Harbour for Shipping to shelter themselves in in case of Distress of Weather, and wherein alone can be procured Water, Wood, and Provisions, at an easy Expence, and without Trouble, unless in a Distance of near One thousand Six hundred Miles along the Coast, which Articles of Refreshment are absolutely necessary to the Shipping of this Country, as well as those of different Nations, who have usually resorted thereto, not only on that Account, but also for the Cultivation of a very valuable Commerce in Wood, Ivory, &c. which are brought down the said River from the interior Parts of the adjacent Country, and which Articles will be denied to the Petitioners, should an exclusive Grant be made of the said Peninsula commanding the said River, and, by such Grant, the Petitioners conceive that the British Shipping only will be excluded from partaking of the Benefits of the said River, which must continue still a Place of great Utility to Foreigners, who, by the Treaty of Peace with France in September 1783, are " permitted to resort to the Coast of Africa, " according to the Usage that hath hitherto prevailed," which Restriction must operate and prove very oppressive and detrimental to the Interest of the British Merchants, inasmuch as they will be totally excluded from the Benefits of a Situation so highly necessary to their Shipping, as well as to their Commerce, whilst the Benefits resulting from that advantageous Situation will continue to be enjoyed unmolested by the Subjects of all other European Nations trading to the Coast: And therefore praying, That the Premises may be taken into Consideration, and that the House, from what has been suggested, will not suffer the said Bill to pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa,was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act of the Twenty-third of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " extending and improving the Trade to ," the said Trade is declared to be free and open to all His Majesty’s Subjects, who shall trade to or from any of the Ports or Places of Africa between Cape Blanco and The Cape of Good Hope, who shall for ever after be a Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name of The Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and that the Direction and Management of the Affairs of the said Company shall be in and by a Committee of Nine Persons to be chosen Annually; and that the Petitioners, being the present Committee of the said Company, understanding that a Bill has been brought into the House, for the Purpose of obtaining to certain Persons, styling themselves The Saint George's Bay Company, an exclusive Grant of a considerable District of Country in Africa, within the Limits granted to the said free Company, by the said Act of Parliament,

and in direct Violation of the same, they beg Leave to represent to the House, that this Country derived little or no Benefit from the African Trade, while it continued for near Ninety Years in the Hands of a Joint Stock Company, aided by every Encouragement, Countenance, and Support, which Government could afford it, but that immediately after passing the said Act, for the Establishment of a free and open Trade, it improved with astonishing Rapidity, and has continued for several Years to be One of the most valuable and important Branches of the British Commerce, from whence it is evident, that the Nation is indebted solely to the Enterprize and Industry of the Adventurers under the present free Establishment for those great Advantages, and in Consideration of which the' Petitioners, on Behalf of the said free Company, trust in the Justice of the House, that they shall not be deprived of any Part of the Rights and Privileges which they have so deservedly enjoyed under the said Act; and that the Petitioners are very sensible, if the Evils resulting from the intended Monopoly were to be estimated only by a Comparison of the Thirty Leagues required by the said Bill, with the whole Extent of the Coast of Africa, from the Port of Sallee to The Cape of Good Hope, the Injury to the free Trade would, upon that Principle, appear very trifling, and if the Monopolists had been satisfied with the Thirty Leagues at either End of that Line, they would not have presumed to trouble the House with any Application against it, but they beg Leave to represent, that the free Trade, and the National Benefit derived from it, would be very materially injured by an exclusive Grant of any Part of the Coast between Cape Blanco and the Extremity of Angola, which are the usual Limits of the British Commerce, and more especially of that particular Part, which is the Object of the present Bill, because, upon the Windward Coast of Africa, comprehending a Space of about Three hundred Leagues, and nearly in the Center of which that District of Country is situated, the Ships are not destined to particular Ports as in other Places of Trade, but perform their Voyages by a general Barter or Exchange of Commodities along the whole Range of it, an Interruption in the Center and most valuable Part of which would often prove destructive to their Voyages; and further, because this very Bay, now called George's Bay, is the only good Harbour upon that Coast, where Ships of any Burthen may lie in Safety at all Seasons of* the Year, the only Place where they can have good Water, where they can Wood with most Convenience, and the Country upon which they have generally the chief Dependence for their other Provisions; and that the Petitioners further beg Leave to observe, that an exclusive Grant of the above District, while it would be attended with infinite Prejudice to the British free Trader, could not possibly produce any real Advantage to the Grantees, and might be a Means of leading this Country into Disputes with other European Nations, because the Right of Trade upon the Coasts of it has been always claimed, and actually enjoyed, by all the different European Nations trading to Africa, and in the last Treaty of Peace with France It is particularly stipulated, that the unappropriated Coast, of which that was known, and always admitted to be, a Part, should be resorted to by both Nations, in like Manner, as was practised before the War; and that the Petitioners finally beg Leave to remind the House, that this is not an Opposition of the private Interest of One Merchant,- or Company of Traders, against those of another, that the present Petition is in Defence of the most valuable Interests of the Nation at large, against the Views of a few Individuals, who, without Public Service, or any other Claim to preeminent Favour, are attempting, on this Occasion, to sacrifice the Public Good to their own private Emolument: And therefore praying, That the House will take 9 the

Accounts re*

lative to the Importation tif Negroes from Africa, &c. ordered.

Sierra Leona Settlement Sill com* xuitted.

Saint Chad's Church Petition reported.

the Premises into their serious Consideration, that they will not suffer any Bill to pass through the House, for the Purpose of granting exclusive Privileges, or a Mo* nopoly of any Part of the Trade to , to the Prejudice of the free Trader, but, on the contrary, that they will be pleased to -take such Measures as to them may appear necessary, not only for the more effectual Security, but for the further Encouragement and Improvement of the free and open Trade to all His Majesty’s Subjects.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for establishing a Company for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Br, and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the several Accounts transmitted from the Officers of the Customs in the British West India Islands, or elsewhere, as far as relate to the Importation of Negroes from the Coasts of Africa to the said Islands, or other His Majesty’s Colonies, together with an Account of the Certificates, from the said Officers, delivered by the Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in that Trade, and of the Bounties paid to such Masters and Surgeons in consequence thereof, and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the last Session of the last Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, for a " limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating " the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels " from the Coast of Africa "

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for establishing a Company for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Coasts, Harbours, ana Countries of and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon the 20th Day of April last, praying to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the llth Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and the Inhabitants of the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury and County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Vo i. 46.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act* made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop, was read: And,

William Smith, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Sum of £. 10,000, authorized to be raised by the said Act, is not sufficient for the Purposes therein mentioned'; that the said Church is now, re-building, but that it will be necessary, in order to complete it, to raise a further Sum by an additional Rate upon the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Actr for re-building the Parish Church of " Saint Chad, in tire Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop, and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial " Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Pas-

sages to the said Church and Cemetery;" and for raising a further Sum of Money for fully effecting the general Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And that Mr. Pulteney and Sir James Murray do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That the Paper, intituled, Copy of Earl " Copy Commissions appointing Earl Cornwallis, Go- Cornwall;* " vernor General and Commander in Chief in The ^"^nU8Sion* " East Indies," which was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of April last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for applying ta the Public deferred! Service the Sum of f. 500,000, out of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England from Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends, on Account of the National Debt, and for securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight.

The House being informed that Mr. Jtpp, Accountant Names of to the South Sea Company, attended at the Door; he P«>Priet°rs was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, 2f u.lPc d

, ./ j ’ r ’ south Sea

pursuant to their Order, Dividends,

A Book containing the Names and Descriptions of presented, the Proprietors of the Public Funds, tmnsferrable at the South Sea House, who were entitled to Dividends on or before the 31st of December 1780, and which remained unpaid on the 25th of February 1791, with the Dates when the first Dividends became payable, and also the Number of Dividends due to each Proprietor.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Book be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning* Ten of the Clock.

Counter's Bridge and Isle worth Roads Bill ordered.

4° M

A. 1791.

Mercurii, 4’ die Maii;

Anno 3i* Georgii III. U Regis, 1791.

Praters.

SIR Charles Gould reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Field,

and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road near Smallberry Green Turnpike to a House

known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the stud Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to tire House; and he read the Report in his Place; >and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the printed Newspapers, called The General Evening Post, of the 22d, 24th, and 26th Days of February last, were produced to your Committee, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, are inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House upon the 14th Day of February last: And,

Mr. John Williamson informed your Committee, That, agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notice of Application had been affixed on the Doors of the Sessions Houses for the County of Middlesex, at the last General Quarter Sessions.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 14th Day of February last, was made from the Committee to whom the Report was re-committed which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to die Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Tedington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road near Smallberry Green Turnpike to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the

Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counters Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Tedington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road near Smallberry Green Turnpike to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways: And that Sir Charles Gould wad Mr. Mabrwaring do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Sumner reported from the Committee, to whom Petition fix the Petition of several of the Trustees for the Care of Provision to the Road leading from Kingston upon Thames, in the ciln85u0"iand County of Surrey, to a Place called near

Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, was referred; reported. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Joseph Pickstone being examined, said, That a further Sum of Money will be wanted to be borrowed in order to put the above mentioned Road in good Repair; for which Purpose it will be necessary to make some Increase in the Tolls in order to pay the Interest of the present Debt, and all other Expences attending the Execution of the Act, the present Tolls being insufficient for those Purposes. — And he added, That no Provision is made in the Bill now depending for increasing the said Tolls.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for increasing the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road.

A Petition of the several Persons^ whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, against Mr. being Colourmen, Druggists, Coachmakers, and Part- Turner’*B‘lL ners, resident in Birmingham and elsewhere, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain, called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a Time to be limited; and Setting forth.

That some of the Allegations contained in the said Bill, and which are given as the Reasons to induce the Legislature to extend the Term of the Patent granted to the said James Turner, are, as the Petitioners apprehend, incorrect Statements of the Facts therein alledged; and that, if the Term of the said Patent was extended for the further Term therein mentioned, it would be highly prejudicial to the Petitioners, and all others dealing in, and working up, Colours throughout the Kingdom, and in many Respects injurious to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or

Counsel,

’ i C:

Committee on Report of Pilchard Fishery Adventurers Petition.

Expiring Laws Bill committed.

Keels, &c. Re-admeasurement Bill committed.

Bill for Relief to Owners of Vessels seized, committed.

e

31 Geo. III. 4°

Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic, until the Report which was made from ‘the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Fishermen’ and Adventurers in the Pilchard Fishery, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, was referred, .

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to continue several' Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America;to the allowing a Bounty

on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to make perpetual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

A Bill to prevent Keels, Pan Keels and Pan Boats, and other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting Relief to the Owners of Vessels which may be seized, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 46.

Mail 45T

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for the Purpose of incorporating a Company for carrying on such Trade as in the said Bill is mentioned, by the Name of The Saint George's Bay Company, and for granting them the sole Use, Property, and Possession, of The Peninsula of Sierra , as now vested in His Majesty, and for making further Purchases there: That the Creation of Corporate Bodies, liable only in that Capacity, and not Individually, to the Payment of their Debts, and for Purposes like, the Subject of the present Application, in which considerable Debts may, and most probably would, be contracted, ought to he regarded with the most jealous Eye, after the Mischiefs which at former Periods the Public has felt from this Cause, and however respectable the Persons may be who patronize the present Project, yet’it may hereafter fall under the Management of designing Individuals, and become in their Hapds the Implement of Fraud.and Deception: That exclusive Companies, if necessary or politic in any Point of View, can only be so where the Commerce proposed is of too great Magnitude or Extent to be undertaken by Individuals, but that this by no Means is the Case with the Trade which is said to be the Object of the present Application, for, if it has the Appearance of being lucrative and advantageous, sufficient Capitals will readily be embarJced in 'it, without granting the Privileges and Restrictions proposed by the Bill, and which are so inimical to the free Spirit of Trade; and that such Restrictions can only operate on the Subjects of Great Britain, as Sierra Leona has ever been a free and open Port to all European Nations, and the Right of the French to trade there was recognized by the Treaty of Versailles in 1783 between His Majesty and the Most Christian King, and it would be highly impolitic and unwise to give Umbrage to Foreign Powers by any Assertion or Claim of Right to that Territory, especially unfounded in Justice, as the Petitioners conceive such would be:. That the . intended Restrictions will directly infringe the Privileges given to British Subjects by the Act of the Twenty-fifth of his late Majesty King Georthe Second, Chapter the 31st, in which it was enacted, that it shall be lawr ful for all His Majesty’s Subjects to trade to and from any Port in Africa, between Sallee in South and

The Cape of Good Hope, when, and at such Times, and in such Manner, and in or with such Quantities of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as they shall think fit, without any Restraint whatsoever, winch Act was passed after repeated Contests, with exclusive Companies, and the Experience of those Mischiefs which the present Attempt is calculated to revive: That the Act above alluded to, authorizes the Persons applying for the intended Bill, in common with all others His Majesty’s Subjects, to erect Houses and Warehouses within the aforesaid Limits, for better carrying on their Trade, and, under that Provision, the Petitioners conceive what is held forth as the ostensible Object of the Bill now depending may be equally as well obtained as if it should pass into a'Law; and that the said Application, if attended with Success, will have an immediate Effect to check and injure a Trade which the Petitioners have always looked on, and are now authorized by a late Decision of this House to consider, as of the utmost National Importance, and the Petitioners cannot but imagine the present Attempt is intended indirectly tq affect that Commerce which the Wisdom of the House has not permitted to be 6 A. - shaken

Petition againet Sierra, Leona Settlement Bill.

Saint Chad’s Church Bill presented*

Supply

deferred.

Ways and

Means

deferred*

East India Accounts and Papers presented.


shaken by any open Attack: That this Supposition of the Petitioners must appear not void of Foundation, when it is remarked that the River Sierra Leona affords the only Harbour in a great Extent of Coast where Vessels of any Size can safely enter at all Seasons without a Pilot, and it is of the utmost Importance to those resorting to that Coast, and requiring Repairs, or a Supply of Wood, Water, or Provision; and that, should the intended Bill pass, it must raise the Price of those Provisions and Necessaries, with which the Natives of that Territory furnish the British Shipping in great Quantities, and at reasonable Rates, must give a. Monopoly of the Camwood Trade to the intended Company, enhance the Price of that Article to the Manufacturer, and be prejudicial in other Respects to the Commercial Interest of this Country: And therefore praying, That such Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing a Company , for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries, of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade, is committed.

Mr. Ptdteney presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building u the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of " Shrewsbury, and County of Salop; and for providing " a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making " convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church " and Cemetery," and for raising a further Sum of Money for fully effecting the general Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

JoviSj 5* die Anno 31* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1791.

Pit AY EES.

THE House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N# 27. An Abstract Account of Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government between the 30th of April 1789 and the 1st of May 1790: And also,

Maii. A. 1791.

N" 28. An Abstract Account of Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, horn the 1st of May 1789 to the 30th of April 1790: And also,

N# 29. A Copy of the Separate Letter on the Finances of India, from the Court of Directors to the Governor General and Council at Bengal, dated the 19th of May 1790: And also,

N° 30. A Copy of the 101st and Sixteen following Paragraphs of a Letter, in the Public Department, from the Court of Directors to the President and Council of Fort Saint George, dated the 19th of May 1790: And also,

ND 31. A Copy of the Separate Letter on the Finances of India from the Court of Directors to the Governor General and Council at Bengal, dated the 3d of June 1790: And also*

N° 32. A Copy of the 11th and the following Paragraphs of a Letter, in the Public Department, from the Court of Directors to the President and Council at Fort Saint George, dated the 3d of June 1790: And also,

N° 33. A Copy of the 5th and Seven following Paragraphs of a Letter, in the Public Department, from the Court of Directors to the President and Council at Bombay, dated the 3d of June 1790: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Supplement to N° 16, presented the 11th April 1791And also,

N° 17. (corrected). An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India, between the 30th Day of April 1789 and the 30th Day of April 1790, agreeable to the Orders of the 15th of Sept 1785 and the 31st of July 1787.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building and maintaining a Bridewell and Correction House in and for the City and County of Edinburgh, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland; and for repealing and amending " several of the Laws now in being relative thereto," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering so much of the said Act as relates to the Time of killing Muir Fowl and Tarmagan, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and General Murray do prepare, and bring in, the same.

6 The

Edinburgh Gaols recommitted Bill reported.

Scotch Game Bill ordered.

Committee on East India Revenue Accounts deferred.

Counter’s Bridge and Isleworth Roads Bill presented.

Petition respecting the Bill for Relief to Owners of Vessels seized.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the a l st Day of April last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday next, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House, upon the lith Day of April last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 17th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir Charles Gould presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish

of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading

through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Coin-brook, and for repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Tedington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road near Green

Turnpike to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Ship Owners trading from the Port of Sunderland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That many of their Ships are employed in conveying Coals from Sunderland to Holland and France, from which a great Revenue arise* to Government, and that those . Ships are mostly belonging to Owners living on Shore, and in which the Master has no Interest, but is, with the rest of the Crew, hired by the Voyage at certain Wages, and, at sailing from Sunderland, the Master and Mate enter into a Bond to His Majesty, in the Penalty of £.200, that they will not smuggle, pursuant to the Act of the Twenty-sixth of His present Majesty, Cap., 40; and that, since the passing of the said Act, several Ships so trading have been seized for having Contraband Goods on Board, and have been condemned, to the utter Ruin of the Owners, who, at the Time of the Act committed, were on Shore, and perfectly innocent of the Offence, and bad no knowledge of the Goods being on Board, and Government have never thought proper to prosecute the Master and Mate of such Ships upon their Bonds, though they were the guilty Parties; and that, were all Masters and Mates to have their Bonds put in Execution by Government, and proper Punishment inflicted on the rest of the Crew, or such of them respectively as should be found guilty of smuggling, it would not only be the Means of preventing that illicit Practice, but save many Ship Owners from being ruined, and would then (as in Justice it should) cause the guilty to be punished, and not, as usual, the innocent Ship Owner to suffer for the guilty Crew; and that it has been suggested, that the Ship Owners should get Security of their Masters and Mates for their good Behaviour, but which Acquirement, to those conversant' in the Coal Trade, is known to be impracticable, as none of the Masters or Mates are in Ability to give any Security effectual to indemnify the Owner; and therefore the Ship Owners submit their Case to the Wisdom and Justice of Parliament, to add

Vol. 46.

to the Bill, now before the House, such Clauses as will effectually punish the Guilty, at the same Time that it protects the innocent in prosecuting a fair Trade, by which the Nation is so much benefitted.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Relief to the Owners of Vessels which may be seized, is committed.

Mr. Cawthorne reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of Thomas Jepson, Esquire, Mayor of the City of Lincoln, John Brown, Joseph Dell, John Cockle, Henry Swan, Aldermen, Butter Hunnings, George Bennett, John Hattet'sley, John Procter, Robert Vergette, and Richard Pickslay, Common Council of the said City, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the said City of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, A Member present informed your Committee, That the Footways of certain Streets within the City of Lincoln are not properly paved, and the said Streets, and other Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages, within the said City, are not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments. — And he added, That it would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants, as well as to all Persons resorting to the said City, if the said Footways were paved, and the said Streets properly cleahsed, lighted, and watched, and the Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments removed, and prevented for the foture.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving the Footways of certain Streets, within the City of Lincoln; for cleansing, lighting, and watching the Baid Streets, and other Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages and Places, within the stud City, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein: And that Mr. Cawthorne and Mr. Dent do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to make perpetual an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business " of Pawnbrokers," is committed, be discharged from proceeding upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lymington, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Lieutenant Colonel Harry Burrard, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath. accepted the Office of Riding Forester of His Majesty’s New Forest, in the County of Southampton.

A Bill for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other Streets and Places communicating with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or‘removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Lincoln Poor, &c. Petition reported.

Pawnbrokers Bill committed to a Committee of the whola House.

Lymington

Writ.

Finsbury Square Paving, &c. Bill committed*

5° Mali.

A. 1791.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition for The House was moved, That the Petition of the seve-sf*Luke’ ra^ Persons> whose Names are thereunto subscribed, be-Parish, read Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-again. ’ seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets, " Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and " regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, and for " repairing the Highways within the said Parish," on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees, and also on behalf of the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parish, which was presented to the House upon the aoth Day of April last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

and to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to make perpetual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom, be now read.

An the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolutions

of East India

Proprietors

relative to

Military

Authority,

ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Resolutions of the General Court of Proprietors of the East India Company, made in the Year 1774, directing the Limits of Military Authority to be respectively exercised by the Governor General of Bengal, and by the Commander in Chief of the Forces in India.

Report on Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported Pilchard from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Fishery. was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Fishermen and Adventurers in the Pilchard Fishery, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, was referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards, containing Fifty Gallons, and so in Proportion for a less Quantity thereof, which shall be exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, an additional Bounty of One Shilling and Sixpence shall be paid for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir William Lemon and Mr. Gregor do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking Counsel into further Consideration the Report which was made heard 0D from the Committee to whom the Bill for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and As- port Mr.* signs, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Turner’s Bill. Colour of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a Time to be limited, was committed:

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Counsel against the Bill, and also the Agent, for the Bill, were called in.

And the said Report was again read.

And the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being Colourmen, Druggists, and Painters, within the Cities of London and Westminster, " was also read.

And the Counsel for the said Petitioners (no Counsel appearing in Behalf of the other Petitions against the said Bill) were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, and went through their Evidence.

And the Agent for the Bill also examined a Witness in Support of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And One of the Counsel against the Bill having been heard, by Way of Reply;

The Counsel against the Bill, and the said Agent, were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Six Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the ’

32.

8.

Expiring Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Laws Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred. Upon the Bill to continue, several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a Bounty , on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights;

Sumner:

I Mr. Alderman Watson,

Sir Watkin Laves:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Aqd the First of the said Amendments was read a Second Time.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.


31 Geo. III.

6° Mail.

461

Veneris, 6* die Mhii;

Anno 31* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1791.

lAidgershall Election — Petition of Mr. Newn-hain.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Esquire,

was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election for a Member to serve in the present Parliament for the Borough of

sftaU,in the County of in the room of George

Augustus Selnyn, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner and Samuel Smith, Esquire, were Candidates; and that at the said Election a great Majority of legal Votes were offered in favour of the Petitioner, but the Reverend John Selwyn,who acted as the Bailiff and Returning -Officer of the said Borough at the said Election, shewed great Partiality towards the other Candidate, and not only received the Votes of a great Number of Persons on the Poll in favour of the said Samuel Smith, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, but also rejected a great Number of legal Votes which were tendered in favour of the Petitioner, by which Means a colourable Majority appeared on the Poll in favour of the said Samuel Smith, and the said John Selwyn accordingly hath returned the said Samuel Smith as duly elected, whereas the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House w ill take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief to the Petitioner therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 25th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Kemp reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, between Nezchaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex; and for the better draining of the Low- Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels,

in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Kemp reported from the Committee, to whom

Son* ^ed* ^et*tion of Inhabitants of the Town and on report . storoUgh of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter Vot. 46.

Ouze Navigation Bill reported*

of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Wheeler being examined, said, That the Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough at present enjoy, by Prescription, a Market for Provisions w’ithin the Said Town and Borough — That the same is too small for their Accommodation, and the Powers appertaining to the same too contracted, and that the Place where the same is held is so situated as not to admit of any Enlargement. — And the Witness further said, That if a Market for Live Stock was held within the said Borough, the same would tend greatly to the Benefit and Advantage of all Persons residing in and near the same, and be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging and extending the Powers of the present Prescriptive Market within the Town and Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and removing the same to a more convenient Place within the said Town and Borough, or within the Precinct of the Castle of Lewes aforesaid And that Mr. Kemp and Mr. Thomas Pelham do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Sir James Tylney Long reported from the Committee, Swiudon and to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keep- Caine Road* ing in Repair, the Roads leading from Swindon to Bill reported. Christian Malford Bridge, and from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the Direction Post in Long Lease Lane, near Lydiard Marsh, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts,was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Thomas Stanley Massey, Esquire, John Petition Nevitt Bennett, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Lords of Company’* Manors, and Owners of Lands, within the Hundred Agreement of Wirral, in the County of Chester, situate on the Bill.

North Side of the Old Channel of the River Dee, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for confirming an Agreement entered into, between the Company of Proprietors of the Under-, taking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and certain Lords of Manors lying below, or to the South-east of, Greenfield Gate, in the County of Flint,on the South Side of the said River Dee, and other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons and the Old Common Salt Marshes lying on the South Side of the said River, and below, or to the South-east of, Greenfield Gate aforesaid, and an Award made in consequence thereof, and for erecting Part of the said Company’s Lands into a separate Township; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains divers Clauses and Provisions, which, if carried into Effect, would be highly injurious to the Rights and Property of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass, as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem

meet

6 B

A Petition

Petition against the Dee River Company's Agreement Bill.

4&r

6°

till.

as

A Petition, of the Locds of Manors, Land {Owners, and Inhabitants of the several Parishes, ojf $[orthop> Flint,.. Holywell,. Whitford, and , in thq

County of Flint,was also presented, to the Hpusp4 and readSetting forth, That in the said Bill there are Clauses far erecting, certain Lands of the said Cptn- , pany,. Part of which is. embanked, into a separate Township, ..by the Name of the iTown and Township of Sealand,-.in the County of Flintand for maintaining itbe. Poor, within, the same ;by the Inhabitants, and Occupiers. of Messuages and Lands, therein, but the Petitioners hope that the said Clauses, may not be, enactediinto a..Law, for they..are ready to prove to the House, that the Lands to he included in the proposed.-Township are estimated -to be about Thirty MilfeSxin Length, and from Half a. Mile to Four Miles in Breadth, extending along the Coast ,of Flintshire, upon the Eastuary of the.River Dee, through the Parishes of Hawarden, Northop, tVhitr

ford, and Uanasaph aforesaid*. and ,are Parts of the said Parishes; and that the River. Dec Navigation was cut: by the said Company through ancient and rich Marsh Lands in the said Parish of Northop, which are nqw almost-wholly destroyed by the Floods and Tides, without any Satisfaction or Compensation whatsoever made to any Person having Right of Common, or other -Right thereon, and the Land Owners of the Parish, have thereby lost many. Hundred. Acres of fertile-and- valuable Land; and that a Line of Boundary bfttvveeOv the said Company’s Lands and the ancient Marshes in the said Parishes of Flint, Holywell, ford, and Uanasaph,-has been set out and agreed to,

and the Lands severed, by- the River Dee in Northop Parish/and by the said Line of Boundary, in the other Parishes now - petitioning, are, among others, the Lands'proposed to be erected into a Township sepa-. rate.from, and independent of, the said Parishes; and that- the-Company' have embanked and inclosed a large-Quantity of Land in- Haroarden Parish, and have,. for Pifty-Years- past, had the Benefit of the- Labour of the ^Inhabitants-ofbhe- neighbouring Parishes thereon, but-:have^oot built- any Habitations for the Abode of Labourers, who therefore cannot acquire Settlements oh their Lands, but, in Age and Infirmity, become burthensome to the Parishes where they inhabit, and, if the said Clauses pass into a Law, the River Dee Company (being.entire Owners of all the Lands corn-prized-therein, and acting in Concert under the Government of one Interest, which is anxiously watched oVer by a permanent Committee) may prevent the Residence ' of Labourers, the hiring of Servants for a Year, - and the; charging1 of any of the numerous Taxes collected -under the Names -of Land Tax, Church Rate, Poor Rate, and County Rate, and consequently they -will- be exempt from the Parliamentary Taxes,-dhd other -Public-Burthens, which all other Landed Property in the Kingdom is subject to; and that the Consequences to the petitioning Parishes are obvious,’ they being divided into very numerous Inheritances, and occupied by Tenants of various Interests, employed in different Pursuits, the Intrusion of Poor Persons employed by the Company could not be prevented,* the Increase of -Settlements could not be guarded against, and, whilst the Company would enjoy all the Benefit of the Labour of the Poor, the Inhabitants of these Parishes, where their Domicils woqld be, would have to bear the Burthen of their Maintenance; and that the Lands which the Company have already inclosed re-pay them in great Yearly Repts, and the Channel of the said River produces them a considerable Income from. Tonnage Duties paid for all Vessels1 navigating thereon, which ought to be subject to the Taxes for the Relief of the Poor Of the Parishes in which they are received, and that there is no Provision made in the BUI for erecting Chanels or Places of Public Worship in any Part of the great Tract of Land belonging to the said Company, the Inhabitants must therefore for all Religious Purposes, attend the neighbouring‘Parish Churches; and that all beneficial Corporations for making Canals, for recovering or embanking Lands, or any other Purposes, from whidh the Undertakers derive or‘expect Benefit, are, by the Laws creating them (as the Petitioners have been informed) subjected, or left1 subject, to the TaJtes and Duties of the Parishes in which they jay, and the Petitioners submit to the House, that it would be contrary to the Policy of the Legislature in all other. Instances, and of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, as well as highly injurious and unjust to the Petitioners, if the said Clauses pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners had not, collectively or individually, any Notice or Intimation^ whatsoever of the said Bill, or of the said Company’s Intention to get. their Lands erected into a Township, and severed from the said Parishes, nor did they dis-i cover that such Intentions existed, until an Alarm,1 raised in the said Parish of Hawarden, was spread through the Country, and the Petitioners were convened by Public Advertisement to meet, the Petitioners are* therefore justifiable in concluding, that thq Clauses they oppose were intended to be surreptitiously passed into a Law as unopposed, or tacitly consented to, by them: And therefore praying. That the Clauses in the said Bill for erecting the Lands of the said Company, mentioned in the Bill, into a separate Township, and for maintaining the Poor within the same by the Inhabitant^ and Occupiers of Lands therein, shall not be enacted into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; anti the first mentioned Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition Petition of divers of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and agiinstKing-other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, »h^.tbiid and Southhampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near in the County of Southampton; and Setting forth, That the said Branch of Road is more than Forty Miles long, and the Meetings of the Trustees usually held at Guildford, which is in the Northern Division of the said Road, and is many Miles distant from the Southern Extremity of the same, which makes it impossible for the Trustees residing the re to attend such Meetings without great Inconvenience and Prejudice to their private Affairs; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Repairs of the said Road might he more effectually carried on and completed, and many great Inconveniencies, and Mismanagement be avoided, if the said Road was divided into Two separate and distinct Districts, under the Care and Management of separate Trustees, the Northern District to commence at the Town of Kingston upon Thames, and to end at the North End of the Parish of Godalming, in the County of Surrey, and the Southern District to commence at the said North End of the said Parish of Godalming,

7 ia

Swansea Harbour Bill committed.

Saffron Walden-Church B&l passed.

Petition in favour of a Taxon Dogs.

s

GArae Certificates Doty Bill passed.

Petition against the Clerks of Attlze Bill.

31 G&o. III. 6°MaiL. 433*

v *

in the said County oiSurrpy, and to end at the said selling, of all Offices concerning the Administration or Place called . Shsetbridge,near Peter^field,in the County Execution of Justice, &c. contains an Exception' in of Southampton, and the Tolls to be collected upon Favour of the' Chief Justices of the Courts of King’s each of the said. Districts were applied to, the Repa- Bench and Common Pleas, and the Justices of Assize, 1 ration of the Road lying within each District respective- whereby it is provided and enacted, " That that Act, ly; and that there are several other Clauses and Provi- " or any Thing therein contained, should not in any sions in the said Bill, which will be very injurious to the " wise extend to, or be prejudicial or hurtful to, any Petitioners if the same should pass into a Law: And of the Chief Justices of the King’s Courts com-therefore praying, That they may he heard, by themselves, " monly called the King’s Bench or Common Pleas, ' or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may " or to any of the Justices of Assize, that then were, not pass into a Law in the Manner it now stands, or that " or thereafter should be, but that they, and' every they may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall *‘ of them, might do, in every Behalf, touching or seem meet. " concerning any Office or Offices to be given or

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to* the " granted by them, or any of them, as they or any of Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill /* them might have done before the making of that is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by them- " Act, any Thing the reinbefore mentioned in any selves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their " wise notwithstanding and that the several Offices Petition, if they think fit. of the Petitioners are Freehold Offices, and- they have

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Com- been uniformly sold and granted for the Lives of the mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the . Grantees, with a iiight of Alienation to their own same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Nominee, to be approved by the Senior Judge of the Petition. Circuit for the Time being, which Right of Aliena-

tion was never denied till about the Year 1750, in A Bill for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the the Case of the Petitioner Gerard Dutton Fleetwood;

Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, was and that the said Petitioner Gerard Dutton Fleetwood read a Second Time. paid £. 2,400, the Petitioner John Blfmcowe's Father

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas £ 2,500, the Petitioner Meredith Price £. 2,000, the Wyndham, the Marquis of/Forcester, &c,: And they are Petitioner John £. 2,500, and the Petitioner

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Fletcher 1,550, for their respective Offices, and Speaker’s Chamber. they are all at very heavy Expences, not only in going

the Circuits, but in paying Assistants, and by other An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Parish Church o* Charges incident to the due Execution of their Of-Saffron Walden,in the County of Essex, was read the fices, varying, according to the Length of their Cir-

Third Time. cuits, from 100 to i6p each Circuit, but neither

Resolved, That the Bill do.pass: And that the Title of them less than £. 100 a Circuit, besides being be, An Act for repairing the Parish Church oiSaffron . highly rated to the Land and < Place Taxes, and aR Walden, in the County of Essex. their Emoluments arise from casual Fees, and the

Ordered, That Mr. Bramstou do carry the Bill to the Business from which they arise hath considerably Lords, and desire, their Concurrence. decreased, while their Expences are continually in-

creasing, insomuch that any Alterations to be made with A Petition oft the Gentlemen and principal Inbabi- regard to the Petitioners Fees (which Alterations it tants of the Town of Upton upon Secern, in the County is proposed, by the said Bi)l that the Judges shal of Worcester) and its Environs, was presented to the haye Power, from Time to Time, to make) so as House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for to lessen their Amount, or any Change in the ancient a -Tax upon Persons keeping . Dogs, to be applied in Aid Modes and Forms of drawing up the Traverse Books, of the Poors Rates: And recommending such a Tax to or other Records, or Copies 01, Records (such as by the Consideration of the House. the said RiU is proposed) will be extremely detn-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the mental and injurious to the Petitioners, and will dimi-Table. nish the Income of their said respective Offices, so

as not to leave them an adequate Satisfaction for the An ingrossed < Bill for granting to His Majesty , an' Care, Trouble, and Expence, which the due Execution additional Duty on Certificates issued with respect to thereof requires; and that the Fees of Office belonging the killing of Game, was read the Third Time. to the Petitioners are ancient legal Fees, a principal

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Part whereof arise from the Traverses or Records, and be, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Copies of Records, which fiave t>een immemorially Duty on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of drawn up in the same Form as they now are: And Game. therefore praying, That the said, Bill may not pass

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. their Counsel, against it, or so much thereof as

affects the Interests of the Petitioners, and may have A Petition of Gerard Dutton Fleetwood, John Blen- such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall cowe, Mei'cdith Price, John Follett, and Fletcher, Rigge, seem meet.

Esquires, the Clerks of the Assizes, and Clerks of the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Crown, of Five of the several Circuits of England^ Consideration of the Committee of die whole House, was presented to the House, and read; Taking No- to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the tice of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the An Act for regulating the Offices of Clerks of Assize, said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think Associates, and Clerks of Indictments; and Setting fit. forth, That, by a Statute of the Thirteenth Year of

King Edward the First, it was ordained, that all Jus- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a General tices of the Bench from thenceforth should have in General Abstract of the Troops belonging to the East Abstract of their Circuits Clerks to inroll all Pleas pleaded before India Company, and of the King’s Troops serving in Jro?PSj^?^ them, like as they had used to have in Time then India, at the respective Governments of Bengal, Fort passed, and the Seventh and last Section of the Statute Saint George, apd Bombay, as ifiey stood at the 30th of r. of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King Ed- rfpril in the Years 178.6, 1787, 1788, 1789, and-1790, acard the Sixth, Cap. 16, prohibiting die buying and aa far as the s?me can be ascertained. - *'

Vol. 46.

East India Papers to be printed.

Estimate of Military Charges of FortWilliam, &c. ordered.

Member

added to bring in Pilchard Fishery Bill.

6° — 9°

A. 1791.

Ordered, That such a iSTumber of Copies of the following Papers (being Part of the Papers which were presented to the House-upon the i 7th Day of February last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Treaties concluded by Sir Archibald bell, Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and the Nabob of Arcot, and the Rajah of Tan-jore.

Extract of a Secret Letter from the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, dated 26th February 1787.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Archibald Campbell to the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors, dated the 24th February 1787.

Letter from the Nabob of Arcot to Sir Archibald Campbell, dated 27th February 1787.

Extract of a Letter from Fort Saint George to the Court of Directors, dated 23d February 1787, relative to the Treaty with the Rajah of Tanjore.

Extract of a Letter from the Court of Directors to the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, dated 31st July 1787.

Extract of the Political Letter from Fort Saint George, dated 16th September 1790.

Extract from General Letter, dated

31st March"l7QO.

Extract of a Letter from Bengal, dated 15th August 1790.

Extract of a Letter from Earl Cormrallis, dated 10th August 1790.

Copy of a Letter from the Governor in Council of Madras, dated 1st May 1790.

Copy of a Letter from the Governor in Council of Madras, dated 17th June 1790, to the Governor General in Council of Bengal.

Copy of a Letter from the Governor General in Council to the Governor in Council of Madras, dated 21st June 1790.

Copy of a Letter from the Nabob of Arcot to the Governor of Madras, dated 27th July

1790.

Proceedings^ the Council with the Nabobs Son, ' dated 2d August 1790.

Proceedings of the Council with the Nabob’s Son, dated 3d August 1790.

Proceedings of the Council with the Nabob’s Son, dated 4th August 1790.

Proceedings of the Council with the Nabob’s Son, dated 5th August 1790.

Letter from the Nabob to the Governor, dated 6th August 1790.

Letter from die Governor, in Reply to that Offer, dated 7th August 1790.

Letter from the Nabob, dated 7th August 1790-

Letter from the Governor to the Nabob, dated 8th August 1790.

Letter from the Nabob to the Governor, dated 1 Oth August 1790.

The Orders from the Nabob to the Aumildars, which were inclosed in the Nabob’s Letter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the probable Increase of the Military Charges of the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for the Year ending the 1st of May 1791, beyond those of the preceding Year, according to the latest Advices,

Ordered, That Mr. Call be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, upon the Resolution which was Yesterday repoted from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Fishermen and Adventurers in the Pilchard Fishery, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, was referred.

Mr. Call presented to the House, according to Order, Pilchard a Bill for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by FlsheryB‘U continuing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, pre4en and exported: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning ^"u*l* next. o aj.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means' consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply deferred-granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy Treaty with of the Treaty made by the Government of Madras with ^*c^tabob °* the Nabob of Arcot during the Administration of Mr. ordered, Davidson.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a> Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider further of the Bill to repeal °n Quebec certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year re:'°"VR., L of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making mi *

" more effectual Provision for the Government of the " Province of Quebec, in North America," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House, having continued to sit till, after Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 9’ die Maii;

Anno 31° Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

ANTHONY RAVEE took the Oaths appointed, Raveesworn. " in order to his Naturalization.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Scotch Gam* House, according to Order, a Bill for altering so much of

Edinburgh Gaols Bui passed.

Holy Island Inclosure Bil reported.

Swindon and Caine Hoads Bill passed.

Wakefield Church Bill reported.

31 Geo. III. 9° Man. V.

of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Time of killing Muir Fowl and Tarmagan in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for building and maintaining a Bridewell and Correction House in and for the City and County of Edinburgh, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building and maintaining a Bridewell and Correction House in and for the City and County of Edinburgh.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Millwnke reported from the Committee, to

I whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Stinted Pasture, Common, or Tract of Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of Holy Island, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon the ancient Infield Lands within the said Island, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, who are assessed to the Land Tax at £. 12. os. 4 d.a Year, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed are assessed to the Land Tax at £. 124 a Year, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that Part of His Majesty’s Allotment shall adjoin to the Castle.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An iDgrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Swindon to Christian Malford Bridge, and from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the Direction Post in Long Leaze Lane, near Lydiard Marsh, to Cricklade, in the county of,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge, and from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the Direction Post in Long Leaze Lane, near Lydiard Marsh, to Cncklade, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir James Tylney Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Church in the Town Vo t. 46,

of Ilake/ield.in t-ve '2#.L/ti -7 / '

York, and for p;o ~ '

making Provision \ a a Aju>*rvw A

said Church, was cori-cjshv/; 'J 4

had examined the KHuepdxfon. «f tut b-

the same to be true; and tint »>, *s*-u>.-

gone through the Bill, and utaoe.

thereunto, which they bad directs aw v,

the House; and he read the R/-/vr* n. /

and afterwards , delivered the bn:, / .1*. /.

ments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Woere o>,

ments were Once read througlioat; and >>//,*/:

Time, One by One; and, upon the Q.

put thereupon, were agreed to by the Horn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with Ujc AmetAnsxtz, v ingrossed.

Mr. Kemp presented to the House, accord tv Order, a Bill for enlarging and extending the Power« ’

of the present Prescriptive Market within the W. and Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, av: removing the same to a more convenient I'lace wiU.ki the said Town and Borough, or within the Prcd/vt of the Castle of Lewes aforesaid: And the same wa* received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons M f. and Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Mesne *- *

Inclosures, within the Manor of ,in the West '

Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Counter's made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Bridge and Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter’s Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, committed, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Tedington Yield, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road near Smallberry Green Turnpike to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable Richard Earl Petition Grosvenor, and Lloyd Lord Kenyon, and the humble Petition of Dame Mary Glyrme, and others, on Behalf company’s of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within Agreement the Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, was Bill, presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and certain Lords of Manors lying below, or to the South East of, Greenfield Gate, in the County of Flint, on the South Side of the said River Dee, and other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons, and the old Common Salt Marshes, lying on the South Side of the said River, and below, or to the South East of, Greenfield Gate aforesaid, and an Award made in Consequence

6 C thereof,.

4

466 9° Mail. A. 1791.

thereof, and for erecting Part of the said Company’s may have Such other Relief ill the Premises as to the Lands into a separate Township; and Setting forth, House shall seem meet.

That in the said Bill Provision is made for erecting O> That the said Petition be referred to the certain Lapds of the said Company, Part of which is Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill embanked, into a separate Township, by the Name of is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by the Town and Township of Sealand, in the County of their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Flint, and for maintaining the Poor within the same Petition, if they think fit.

by the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Messuages and Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said

Lands therein, and that the said embanked Lands, Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at and a large Tract not yet embanked, are, and imme- the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the morially have been, Part and Parcel of the said Parish said Petition, of Haxoarden;and that the River Dee was diverted by the said Company from its ancient Course into a new A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Petition Channel cut through, and dividing, the ancient Marsh Commonalty, of the City of Norwich, in Common specting the Lands of the said Parish of Hcrwarden, and the Lands Council assembled, was presented to the House, and ^n^guk* on the North East Side of the said Channel, containing read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, 1 ' several Hundred Acres of very rich and fertile Land, that, should the Corn Bill, now under Consideration, were thereby separated from the rest of the Parish, pass into a Law in its present Form, the Consequences and vested in the Company by the Agreement, in may become injurious to the Community, and extremely the Bill mentioned, entered into between the said distressing to the labouring Poor; and that, in particular,

Company and the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in extending the Importation Price of Wheat to Fifty-two the said Parish, and the Company receive great Yearly Shillings the Quarter must raise that most valuable Rents and Profits from the said Lands, and also Necessary of Life beyond what the present Wages and receive considerable Tonnage Rates and Duties from all Earnings of the Labourer and Mechanic can support:

Vessels navigating in the said Channel; and that the And therefore praying, That the House will take the Occupiers of the said Lands are charged with a Premises into their Consideration, and extend such Proportion of the Parochial Taxes of the said Parish, Relief as they shall deem expedient.

and in the last Year contributed upwards of £. 140 in A Petition of the Gentlemen, Manufacturers, and Ditto, the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Yeovil, and and their Poor are maintained out of the Rates and Places adjacent, in the County of Somerset, was also Levies of the said Parish in the same Manner as the presented to the House, and read; ‘ Setting forth, That Poor of the rest of the Parish; and that a great Number the Petitioners reside in a Country where the Growth of Labourers are employed upon the said Lands of Flax and Hemp is greatly encouraged, and hath

by the said Company in extending and improving been increasing for many Years last past, and near

their Property, and by the Farmers and Occupiers in (if not full) Nine-tenths of the Land in that Neigh-Husbandry, who have their Habitations over the said bourhood are appropriated for the above Purposes,

River Dee, in the other Parts of the said Parish, where and for the Purpose of Grazing and Dairies, in so much they gain Settlements by various Means; and that that the Lands left for the Cultivation of Corn are not, there are no Dwellings for Labouring People on the in the most plentiful Seasons, sufficiently productive said Company’s I-ands, and the Company having the for the Support of its numerous Inhabitants; and that entire Ownership thereof can prevent the Erection of the Petitioners are sorry to understand, that the Clause any such Dwellings, and, consequently, the gaining of for Warehousing Corn, inserted in a Bill now depending Settlements, and yet, from their Vicinity, have a constant in Parliament, hath been rejected: And therefore Supply of Labourers from the other Parts of the praying the House to re-consider the said Clause, and Parish, and they may also from the Entirety of their to restore it, or insert such other Clause in the said Bill Property, prevent the Acquisition of Settlements even as may be proper to authorize the Importation of by Service or Payment of Taxes, and consequently Wheat on the Low Duty when the Average Price shall become free from Public Burthens, which no other be at Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, and that, when Lands in the Realm are exempt from; and that, if under that Average, it may be Warehoused at Bridport, the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now stands, in the County of Dorset (being the most convenient Port

the said Company will have all the Benefit of the for that Country) in the Manner expressed in the said

Labour of the Poor of the said Parish, as they have Bill-

had for Fifty Years, without the Expence of erecting A Petition of the Gentlemen, Manufacturers, and Ditt*.

One Habitation for their Abode, and their Labourers, principal Inhabitants, of the Town of and

when disabled by Disease, Infirmity, or Age, must with Places adjacent, in the County of Somerset, was also their Families be maintained by the Inhabitants of the presented to the House, and read; Containing the same rest of the Parish, where the Lands are divided among Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Peti-a very great Number of Owners who cannot have the tion.

watchful Care of a sole Interest, like that of the A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and principal Ditto. Company, to guard against the Intrusion of Poor Persons, Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of or the secret Increase of Settlements; and that the Beaminster, in the County of was likewise

Suggestions in the Bill touching the Care and Provision presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That of the Poor, by erecting the said Lands into a separate the Petitioners understand, with Concern, that a Clause Township, and the Communication between the said for Warehousing Corn when the High Duties prevail.

Lands and the rest of the Parish, are not founded in originally inserted in the Bill now depending for Truth, for the Poor upon the said I.ands, as well as in regulating the Exportation and Importation of Corn,

the rest of the Parish, are sufficiently provided for hath been rejected by the House in a Committee on under the present Laws, and it is therefore entirely the said Bill; and that the Situation of the Petitioners unnecessary, and would be a great and permanent *s in a Populous, Manufacturing, and Grazing Coun-Injury to the rest of the Parish, to erect the said Lands try, and where a sufficient Quantity of Corn for the into a separate Township: And therefore praying, Consumption of the Inhabitants is not grown, and in That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, Times of Scarcity, or when the Price is high, the Ad-against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their vantages arising from the Importation of Corn at Brid-Interests in the said Parish of Hawarden, and that the port,chiefly on Account of its Vicinity, are abundantly

said Bill may not pass as it now stands, or that they obvious: And therefore praying, That the W arehouse

Clause

31 Geo. III. 9° .

Clause may be reconsidered, Bridport be appointed a Granary Port, and that the Importation Price on the Low Duty may not exceed Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn importer!, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, is again re-committed.

Tittensor A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, commiuedi passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing Into " One Act of Parliament the several Laws now in " Force for repairing the Road leading from the " Town or Village of Tittensor to the most Northern " Part of Talk on the Hilly in Butt in the County " of Stafford; and for repairing the Road from Darlaslone Bridge, over Tittensor , through the " Town or Village of Tittensor aforesaidj" and for making and keeping in Repair a Road branching out of the said Turnpike Road, near the House, known by the Sign of The Black Lion, to or nearly to Shelton Wharf, all in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said County of Staff ord, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition from A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Maidstone other Inhabitants of the Town of Maidstone, in the stooePaving] County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Ire. Bill. Taking Notice of the Bill for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the King’s Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone’, and Setting forth, That the Commissioners to be appointed by the said Bill will, as the Petitioners are informed, be empowered to borrow and take up at Interest a* considerable Sum of Money, to be applied for carrying on and completing the several Purposes thereof, and to make Rates or Assessments upon the several Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Oasts, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Rents, Revenues, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Town, to enable them to pay the Interest of the Money so to be borrowed, and to defray the several Expences aforesaid, and the said Commissioners are also to be authorized to erect Turnpikes at the several Avenues leading into the said Town, and to take Tolls thereat for all Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, passing through the same; and that there are at present Turnpikes erected upon most of the Roads near the said Town, and the Money collected at those Turnpikes is applied solely in repairing the Roads, from which the Traveller receives considerable Benefit, but the Tolls proposed by the present Bill will be highly oppressive to Farmers, and all other Persons resorting to the said Town for the Purposes of Traffic, who can derive no Advantage from the said intended Application of the Monies arising therefrom, and will, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, be highly ruinous to the Commerce of the said Town; and that there are several other Parts of the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very burthensome and injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill a3 shall in any wise appear injurious to the Petitioners, Vol.*6.

Mail 467

and that they may have such Relief as the House shall think just and reasonable.

A Petition of several Gentlemert, Clergy, Free- Petition holders, Farmers, and others, of the County of Kent, !fa"Jst was also presented to the House, and read; like- Pa'-ioit’&ic, wise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting Bill, forth. That, by the said Bill, Commissioners are authorized to erect Turnpikes across every Public Road leading into the said Town, and to collect Tolls for all Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, passing through the said Turnpikes, to be applied towards defraying the Expences of paving, lighting, and watching the Streets and other Places within the said Town, and for supplying the same with Water; and that, if the said Bill should pa9S into a Law, it would subject many Persons to the Payment of Toll tyho receive no Advantage from paving, lighting, and watching the said Town, and supplying the same with Water, and the Petitioners hope that the Commissioners may not be allowed to erect any Turnpike, or collect any Toll, for the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as give any Power or Authority to erect Turnpikes, and to demand and take Tolls as aforesaid.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. The Lords Spratlger: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stourbridge Act for lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Police BUI. Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Old Swinford, in the County of Worcester, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kington and Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal ^eonJ1"8‘[;r from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Canttl B> ' Leominster, to join the River Severn, near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcewithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Oyster for better protecting the several Oyster Fisheries within ordered?8 this Kingdom: And that the Lord Beauchamp, Mr.

Alderman Sawbridge, and Mr. Edwards, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Clerk* of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^fened the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for e r regulating the Offices of Clerks of Assize, Associates, and Clerks of Indictments, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House felony Re-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, wards Bill upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An deferred.

Act to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of Felony; and to enable Persons convicted of Petty Larceny to be Witnesses, be now read.

And

468

9° Mail

A. 1791

Report on Mr. Turner's Bill further considered.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Mr. Jodrell presented to the House, according to Aylesbury

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms of Two several ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twenty-fifth Years Gf Fesen e

His present Majesty’s lleign, for amending the Road Resolved, That this House will, immediately, pro- from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through ceed to take into further Consideration the Report Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road be-

County

which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of upon Tweed, for

a Time to be limited, was committed.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon some of

tween Bensington and Shillingjbrd,in the County of

Oxford, and for amending the Road' from the Turnpike Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road, between Postcomb and Tetstvorth, in the said County, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Hawn-upon the Bill to make perpetual an Act, passed in the brokers

them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then iogrossed.

Petition respecting

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, or

Debdale>Hill Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Roads Bill, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of Leave given by the House, on the 10th Day of

jesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the " Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time March last, Notice of the Application to Parliament upon this Day Sevennight, if the said Bill shall be then for making Provision in the Bill for enlarging the ingrossed.

Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing . Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Salt Petre and widening the Road from Worksop to the Turn- ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole pike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the House, to consider of the Duties on the Importation coosltiere"' Great Northern Road at South Muskham, in the County of Salt Petre. of Nottingham, for amending, widening, and repairing

the Road branching out of the said above mentioned A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for Road, at or near Kneesall, in the said County, to the That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lord enabling the Great Northern Road at or near Carlton upon Trent, in Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for exe- Jud8es>Ac* the same County, was given at the last Easter Sessions cuting the Office of Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of {^[^refree holden for the said County, and by Advertisement in Great Britain, the Master of the Rolls, and the Twelve of Postage, the Newspaper, called The Nottingham Journal, or Judges of England for the Time being, to send and Neg.

Neroark, Gainsborough, Retford, Worksop, Mansfield, receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Chesterfeld, Grantham, and Sheffield General Advertiser, Postage;

t,

k

in the Months of March and April last, in such and the like Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Provision made be made in the said Bill for amending, widening, and repairing the said Branch of Road, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. P Mr. Call, c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Telle* for the Yew, { Mr- Charks

Mr. Charles Long: [ Mr. Baker,

Tellers for the Noes,

[ Taylor:

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Michael Angelo

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Keels, &c. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Re-admea-upon the Bill to prevent Keels, Pan Keels and Pan Boats, and other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being e erre ’ used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having

the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first

Langton In« closure Bill committed.

send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lot Grounds, and other Commonablo Lands and Grounds, in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets of West Langton, East Langton, Thorpe Langton, and Tur Langton, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Pochin,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved \That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Bill for Re-House to resolve itself into a Committee of the lief t<»Own-whole House, upon the Bill for granting Relief to d"se 5 the Owners of Vessels which may be seized, be now ferTed.’ read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

6 Resolved,

£x pi r ing Laws Bill deferred.

Sop ply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

East India Account and Papers ordered.

Petition respecting the Corn Regulation Bill.

31 Geo. III.

9° Mail

469

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America;to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-m&de Cordage; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those 'Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to make perpetual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the free Impbrtation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sales and Remains of the Goods and Stores imported by the East India Company at Canton in China, for the last Three Years; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letter from the Nabob of Arcot to the Court of Directors, upon the Subject of the Treaty made with the Government of Madras, during the Administration of Sir Archibald Campbell, and transmitted by the Government of Madras at the same Time with the Treaty, and referred to in the Papers before the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letter from the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors to the President and Council of Fort Saint George, dated 2id September 178,5, upon the Subject of the Treaty proposed to be made with the Nabob of Arcot,

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand with Concern, that the Clause for Warehousing Corn w hen the High Duties prevail, originally inserted in the Bill now depending for regulating the Exportation and Importation of Corn, hath been rejected by the House in a Committee on the said Bill, and the Petitioners apprehend, unless some Provision shall be made in the said Bill for landing such Foreign Corn as may arrive after the Ports are shut, and putting the same under the Joint Locks of the King and the Owners, as hath been heretofore practised, the Petitioners, and others, will be liable to great Difficulties, Loss, and Expence; and that the Peti-Vol. 46.

tioners fear the fixing the Importation Price of Wheat beyond the Average of Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter will be attended with very disagreeable Consequences to thf Manufacturing and other Poor, and that the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bridport, in case any such Provision be made, can only be. supplied to Advantage from that Port, the Inconvenience of Carriage to and from the Warehouses from the Place of landing at Lyme, -and the Expence attending the Warehousing Corn there, and afterwards sending it by Sea to being so

great as to amount to Three Shillings per Quarter more than if imported and Warehoused in the First Instance at Bridport, and that the Land Carriage from Lyme would, on Account of the Distance and Hills, still more enhance the Price to the Petitioners, and other Consumers, who are in the regular Course of being supplied from Bridport; and that the Harbour at Bridport has been standing upwards of Fifty Years, and considerable Quantities of Goods, of many Descriptions, subject to high Duties to the Customs, have been Annually imported, by Sufferance, there, and there have been always so many Officers stationed at the Port of Lyme, that a sufficient Number has been readily and conveniently spared, who have attended the Discharge of such Goods without any additional Expence to Government, and no Fraud was ever, to the Knowledge of the Petitioners, practised, or even suspected to have been practised, by the Merchants; and that the Petitioners, in case Bridport should be appointed a Granary Port, verily believe the Trade and Manufacture of the Town and Neighbourhood will be considerably extended, by greater Connection with America, and that the Merchants will thereby he enabled to import Wheat, in Part, for their Manu-fac'ories: And therefore praying, That the House will re-consider the said Clause, and restore it, or insert such other Clause or Clauses in the said Bill, as may be proper to authorize the Importation of Wheat on the Low Duty* when the Average Price shall be at or above Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, and that, when under that Average, it may be Warehoused at Bridport, under the Locks of the King and the Importers, whereby the Injuries and Inconveniences so much dreaded will be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, is again re-committed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regu- ®n c"m. . lating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and ^unrecom-the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, mitted Bill. and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by; the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seveu- Prices at night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, which Com, to consider of the Prices at which Corn and Flour shall be permitted to be imported and exported, and the Duties payable thereon. KnS

dered.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

6 D

Orders of Court of Directors relative to the Military Power, ordered.

List of Proprietors of unpaid Exchequer Annuities, presented.

Powers to Committee on Kingston and Sheet-bridge Road Bill.

Ravee’s Nat. Bill committed.

Chaddesden Inclosure Bill reported.

Darly Moor Road Bill reported*

10* Mail A. 1791.

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Martis, 10* die Mali; from Darly Moor, in the County of , to 2.7-

lastonin the County of Stafford, and from thence to Anno 31° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1791 the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford, was committed; Prayers. That the Committee had examined the Allegations

ORDERED, That there be laid before this House, of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Copies of the Orders of the Court of Directors, of that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the 7th of May 1778, to the Governor General and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Council of Bengal, relative to the Military Power of the directed him to report to the House; and he read Governor General. the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and then a Second Time, One by Oneand, upon the and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by their Order, the House.

A List of the Names of such Proprietors of all the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be different Sorts of Annuities (Life Annuities excepted) ingrossed. as are payable and in the Management of His Majesty’s

Exchequer, as were entitled to Annuities on or before An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Holy Island the 31st Day of December 1780, and which now remain closing a certain Stinted Pasture, Common, or Tract Inclosure unpaid, stating the Dates when the First of the said of Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of Holy Bib passed, Annuities became payable, together with such De- Island, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for ex-scriptions of the said Persons as may be entered in tinguishing the Right of Common upon the ancient the Books, Orders, or Rolls, of His Majesty’s Exche- In-field Lands within the said Island, was read the quer. Third Time.

And then he withdrew. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

And the Title of the said List was read. be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer-

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, tain large Open Tract of Land within the Manor of Holy to be perused by the Members of the House. Island, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for ex-

The said List is preserved amongst the other tinguishing the Right of Common upon the ancient In-Papers of this Session. field Lands within the said Island.

Ordered, That Mr. Milbanke do carry the Bill to the Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to Lords, and desire their Concurrence, enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the

Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, and the An ingrossed Bill for building a new Church in the Wakefield

Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates Town of IVakefteld, in the West Riding of the County of Church Bill;

to the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, York, and for providing a proper Burial Ground, and passed.

in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, making Provision for a Minister to officiate at the said

near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, is com- Church, was read the Third Time.

mitted, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Records. be. An Act for building a new Church in the Town of

TVakcfield, in the West Riding of the County of York,

A Bill for naturalizing Anthony Ravee, was read a and for providing a proper Burial Ground, and mak-Sece-nd Time. ing Provision for a Minister to officiate at the said

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Church.

Lawley, Mr. Jervoise, &c.: And they are to meet this Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Nylands In* Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom Moors or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of closure Bill the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open or Com- Nylands with Badcombe, in the County of Somerset, was passed* mon Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, read the Third Time.

within the Liberty of Chaddcsden, in the Parish of Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Spondon, and County of Derby, was committed; That be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors or the Committee had examined, and found that the Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Nylands Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April with Badcombe, in the County of Somerset.

1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the

with; and that the Committee had examined the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Mr. Cotes reported from the Committee, to whom Ellesmere, Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the *c* Poor mittee; and that the Committee had gone through Poor belonging to the several Parishes of Ellesmere, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto. Middle, Baschurch, and Horsley, and to the several which they had directed him to report to the House; and Chapelries or Districts of otherwise Iladnal

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Ease, and Little Ness, in the County of was

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: committed; That the Committee had examined the

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the true; and that the Committee had gone through Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, the House. which they had directed him to report to the House;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards ingrossed. delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His were agreed to by the House.

9 Ordered,

Oyster Fisheries Bill presented.

Ripon Paving Bill committed.

Hope and Dodleston Inclosure, &c. Petition reported.

31 Geo. III. 10°

Ordered, That the Bill, with ,the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better protecting the several Oyster Fisheries within this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Ripon, in the County of , and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, - and Annoyances, within the said Borough, and within the Township of Ripon, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lawrence, Sir John Lngilby, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Lloyd Lord Kenyon, Lord Chief Justice of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, the Right honourable Edward Earl of Derby, the Right honourable Richard Earl Grosvenor, and the Right honourable Trevor Charles Lord Dacre, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; but that the said Standing Orders, relative to Bills of Drainage, had not been complied with, it being understood, that the Powers for draining Lands usuully inserted in Inclosure Bills, would have effected all that was intended to be done for draining the Lands to be inclosed; since which it has been found, that it will be necessary, in order to make a complete Drainage, to have Power to open, enlarge, and alter, a certain Brook, called Pulford Brook, running through the Township and Parish of DodlestoJi, and from thence through the several Townships of Burton and Ailing-ton, in the County of Denbigh, and Pulford and Poul-ton, in the County of Chester, into the River Dee; and that Notices thereof were given, in the Manner directed by the said Standing Orders, Three Times in the Months of March and April last; and that the Committee had also found, that all the Parties interested in the Lands through which such Extension of the Works of Drainage is to be carried are consenting, and had also examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Josiah Boydell being examined, said. That there are within the Manor of Hope, in the County of Flint, and within the adjoining Manor of Dodleston, in the County of Chester, divers Open Commons and Waste Grounds, containing together Three thousand Acres of Statute Measure, or thereabouts, which are at present of little Value, but might be greatly improved if divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed; and that a certain Part of the said Commons called Dodleston Moor, is at present subject to frequent Inundations, and would be greatly improved by dlaining.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hope, in the County of Flint, and also a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground in the Townships of Lower Kinnerton and Dodleston, within the Manor and Parish of Dodleston, in the County of Chester: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Sir Roger Mostyn do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vol. 46.

Mali. 471

A Petition of the Trustees nominated and appointed for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads from " Sheetbridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the

" Alton Turnpike Road near Ropley, in the County of " Southampton," was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Pelersfictd, in the County of Southampton; and Setting forth, That the Roald

from Sheetbridge to the Town of Kingston includes a Distance of Forty Miles, and that the Southern Part of the Road from Sheetbridge to the Town ,of Godalming, in the County of Surrey, including a Distance of Twenty Miles, has been for many Years, and still continues to be, in a very bad State of Repair, insomuch as to be esteemed inconvenient and dangerous to Travellers; and therefore submitting it to the House to prescribe such Provisions and Regulations as may render the Communication between the Capital and Portsmouth, or rather the Road between Sheetbridge and Godalming, less dangerous, and more convenient to the Public.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Householders within the Cities of London and Westminster, for themselves-and others, w>as referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Doctor Richard Brocklesby gave the Committee the following Information: That within these Three

Years, being in Want of a Servant, he advertised; upon which a proper Servant, seemingly, offered, and referred him to the Master of a House in Chappel Street, May Fair, where there was every Appearance of Credit and Character: The pretended Master gave the Man an excellent Character, and the Witness hired him: That, having served him a little more than a Month, he told the Doctor that his Service would not suit him; whereupon he Was discharged the same Night — he had also persuaded Three other Servants to quit the Service of the Doctor at the same Time. — That, within a few Days after the Servants left him, his House was robbed, and Plate, which cost nearly £. 200, was taken from a Chest where it was usually kept, and which was in a Room on the Ground Floor, behind his Study — the Robbers did not appear to have gone to any other Part of the House. Early in the Morning, it was perceived that One of the Windows in the Drawing Room, where there are Pictures (and which Room is not commonly used) was open, and supposed to have been left so before the Servants left the House; for by this Window the Robbers appeared to have entered, from a Foot Mark found on the Lamp Iron, and on the Ledge of the Window, the Shutter of which is usually secured by an Iron Bar across it, but on which no Mark of Force appeared.

The Witness further said, That he procured a Warrant, and had all the Servants before a Magistrate, but nothing could be made out against them, although their Lodgings were searched — That, on the Examination of the Man Servant above mentioned, he owned before the Magistrate that he had paid a Guinea to the Keeper of the House in May Fair for a Character, and was to give him in Proportion to the Time of

Petition relating to Kingston and Sheetbridge Road Bill.

Petition relating to Servants Characters reported.

A. 1791.

472

10* M

his Stay in the Doctor’s Service — That the Magistrate sent to the House in May Fair, and it was found that the pretended Housekeeper had decamped a Fortnight before; and on Investigation of his Character, he appeared to have been on the Suspicious Books at Bozo Street.

John Free, Esquire, being next examined, informed your Committee, That about Two Months since, being in Want of a Coachman, he was much pleased with the Appearance of a Man who offered himself to him in that Capacity, particularly so when he told hiift he had lived in his last Place Three Years and a Half; that he had left it about a Month, and that Bis Reason for so doing, was on Account of his Master’s having put down his Carriage' on some Family Misfortunes — He told him his Master’s Name was that he lived in Suffolk, but came to London about this Time of the Year for Three or Four Months, and was then at his usual Place of Residence when in Town, at Doctor Palin's, N° 48, Gr Russell Street, Bloomsbury — The next Morning, on being told by the Coachman that his Master would be in the Way, the Witness called on Mr. Pointer, who confirmed all the Coachman had said, and gave him so good a Character, that the Witness almost suspected the Truth of what he said; however, the Appearance of the House, and a Servant in Livery, soon did away his Suspicions, and he hired the Coachman — That, about a Week afterwards, having some Company, a Friend of his directly knew him, from his having lived with his Father about a Twelvemonth past — this rather alarmed him, and, from some Words that dropped from his Friend, he began to fear he had received a false Character of his Servant — That the Witness interrogated the Servant, and on his not giving a satisfactory Account of himself, ordered him to take off his Livery, and quit his House — That, after paying him his Wages, he again interrogated him, and brought him to confess, that Pointer was a Man notoriously in the Habit of giving false Characters to Servants out of Place, and that for what he had said of him he had paid him One Guinea — He said, a Fellow-servant who had been successful in getting into a Family by this Man’s Mearts, had advised him to adopt this Me-' thod. — That the Witness called at Doctor Palin's this Morning, and found the Impostor was gone; but from his Landlord’s Account, he understood that he

had hired his Lodgings for a few Weeks, passing himself off for a Man of Property in Gloucestershire, but that he had been discovered by some Person in the Neighbourhood, and had left his House — The Witness was also informed that he went by the Names of Punter, Pointer, and Pritchard; by the latter Name he has endeavoured to find him out, particularly at a Place that he often frequents, the Orange Tree, in Orange Street, Bloomsbury, a Rendezvous for Servants out of Place.

The Witness further said, That this Man has carried on the Trade a long Time, hiring Lodgings at different Times, in reputable Situations, and passing himself for a Country Gentleman, come to Town for a short Time. — And he added, That a Friend of his had made Application to Sir Sampson lVright, who informed him that the'Person above mentioned was well known at the Public Office, but advised him to let the Matter drop, as nothing could be done towards punishing him.

Then,

Mr. James Tluntingford being examined, said, That about Two Years ago his Mother hired a Feihale Servant, . recommended to her by David Reid, a Taylor, near Dean Street, Soho — That, having some Suspicion that his Mother had been imposed upon by the

Witness applied to him, and asked him, Whether the Certificate was given by him ? which he acknowledged; and confessed that she had paid him very handsomely for her Board, and that he therefore gave her the Certificate; which, although it was forged, no Punishment could be inflicted on him.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters: And that Sir Adam Mr. Adam, and Mr. Hawkins Browne, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that Mr. Farhill, Secretary Account of to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National of

Debt, attended at the Door; he was called in; and at pre. the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direc- scnted. tions of an Act of Parliament,

The Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followed!viz.

r

N

5th Year.

The ACCOMPT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

o

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

eg

?r

-a

W

Dr. Old S° Sea. New S# Sea. Sa Sea 1751. Consold 3 p. C*. Reduced. <?.

I A f I \ r \ A / . A r Total A

1790. 15th Quarter. Cash received. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital in all the Stocks. Cash paid.

Quarterly Issue 250,000

D« on 2,1.50,000 Con*oH - 1 32,250

D* on 650,000 N. S. Sea - 1 9,750

D" on 201,000 \ 1751 - - - j By Stock bought 3,015 *9$

Feb. 3. - - . - 2,000 79 1,582 10 — 784 6,100 4,849 10 — 8,100 6,432

4. 3,000 78| 2,351 5 — 5,100 4,022 12 6 _ " ... 8,100 6,373 17 6

5. Ditto . 6,000 79 4,747 10 — 2,100 78 4 1,656 7 6 . - - - - . 8,100 6403 17 6

9- 8,100 78 4 6,388 17 6 . - ... 8,100 6,388 17 6

10. 8,100 78 4 6,368 12 6 _ _ - ... 8,100 6,368 12 6

11. 8,200 78 4 6,416 10 — _ - ... 8,200 6,416 10 —

12. Ditto ... 2,600 7&H 2,048 17 6 5,600 78 4 4,389 — t- _ - ... 8,200 6,437 1 7 6

16. Ditto 6,200 77 4 4,812 15 — 2,000 77 f 1,550 — — 8,200 6,362 15 —

18. Ditto 3,200 771 2,480 - - - 5,000 77 4 77 4 3,893 15 — - - - 8,200 6,373 15 —

19- 8,200 6,385 15 — . - ... 8,200 6,385 15 — 6,422 2 6

23. 8,300 77 1 6,422 2 6 8,300

25. Ditto 5,200 77 i 4,023 10 — 3,100 77 J 2,398 12 6 8,300 6,512 7 6

26. Ditto 2,700 78 i 2,109 7 6 5,600 78 4 4,403 8,300 6,512 7 6

Mar. 2. By Stock bought 5,800 77 i 4,473 5 — 2,500 77 4 1,928 2 6 8,300 6,401 7 6

3. Ditto ... 8,300 78 i 6,477 5 — 8,300 6,477 5 —

4. Ditto 4,500 77 a 8,478 10 — 3,800 7744 2,936 15 — 8,300 6,415 5 —

5. Ditto _ — m j 8,200 79 6,478 £>437 8,200 6,478

9- Ditto 8,200 78 1 m ... 8,200 6,437

10. Ditto ... 6,300 78 i 4,969 2 6 2,000 78 f 1,567 10 — _ m _ ... 8,300 6,536 12 6

11. Ditto 4,000 77 i 3,115 2,000 77 4 1,557 10 — 2,100 78 4 1,643 5 — - - - 8,100 6,315 15 —

12. Ditto ... 5,000 78 i 3,937 10 — - 3,100 78 4 2,429 12 6 . - - 8,100 6,367 2 6

16. 78 4 6,348 7 6 . - ... 8,10Q 6,348 7 6

17- Ditto 8,100 78 4 6,348 7 6 . - - 8,100 6,348 7 6

18. 3,000 78 2,340 - - ... 5,100 78 4 3,997 2 6 - ... 8,100 6,337 2 6

19* Ditto 8,200 78 1 6,437 . - ... 8,200 6,437

23. 8,200 78 4 6,447 5 — - ... 8,200 6,4+7 5 —

24. Ditto 8,100 78 I 6,378 15 — - - ... 8,100 6,378 15 —

26. Ditto 8,100 7» 4 6,388 17 6 . - ... 8,100 6,388 17 6

30. Ditto 3,300 78 i 2,598 15 — 1,000 78 4 787 10 — 3,800 791 3,006 15 — - - - 8,100 6,393

31. 79 4 6,508 15 — . 8,200 6,508 15 —

Apr. 1. By Stock bought 8,200 79 i 6,493 10 — _ - - 8,200 6,498 10 —

7- Ditto 8,200 79 J 6,508 15 — . - - ... 8,200 6,508 15 —

8. Ditto 3,000 79 2,370 - - . 5,200 79 4 4,127 10 — _ - - 8,200 6,497 10 —

9. Ditto 8,200 79 4 6,488 5 — - - 8,200 6,488 5 —

13. Ditto. 8,200 79! 6,498 10 — - - - 8,200 6,49s 10 —

14. Ditto 3.100 6.100 79 4 2,464 10 — 5,000 78} 3,931 5 — 8,100 6,3(}5 15 —

15. Ditto 79 4 4,857 2 6 2,000 7*1 1,575 8,100 6,432 2 6

16. Ditto 1,000 78 787 10 — 2,000 79 4 1,595 5,100 7* T 4,022 12 6 8,100 6,405 2 6

20. Ditto 3,000 79 i 2,392 10 — - - - 5,000 80 4,000 - . 8,000 6,392 10 —

21. Ditto 8,000 79i 6,340 8,000 6,340

22. Ditto 1,000 80 4 802 10 — 7,000 79} 5,556 5 — 8,000 6,358 15 —

23. 2,0c 0 80 $ 1,615 6',000 79} 4,792 10 — 8,000 6,407 10 —

27. Ditto 2,500 80 4 2,009 7 6 2,500 801 2,009 7 6 - - ... 3,900 79 }} 2,390 8,000 6,408 15 —

28. Ditto 2,000 80 4 1,615 5,900 79 i 79} 4,712 12 6 7.900 6,327 12 6

29. Ditto 4,000 80 3,200 1,500 80 1,200 - - - 2,4-00 1,905 7,900 6,305

30. By Stock bought ... , 4,500 781 3,538 2 6 1,9^0 791 1,555 2 6 1,700 7*}t 1,340 15 — 8,150 6,434

Total 15 Qr. 295,015 46,600 - - 36,675 15 — 56,000 - - 43,715 15 — 21,400 - 16,719 2 6 192,850 - - 152,085 17 6 57,800 45,818 10 — 374,650 295,015

O

► — »

O

w

a

9

ss:

l)r. Old S 9 Sea. New S* Sea. S* Sea 1751. Consold 3 p. C*. Reduced. O.

r \ r / \ / N r \ /

' Total

1790. 16th Quarter. Cash received. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Stuns paid. Capital. Priee. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Suras paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital in all the Stocks. Cash paid.

Apr. 9. 1777 A tin* £ Year 12,500

13. Dd o i 1

£.1,250,000 Reduced - -J 18J50

Dd on £.955,0001 14,325

Old S. S. - -J,

14. Quarterly Issue 250,000

Unclaimed Life A- - -J Expired Ditto - 22,030 14 4,603 10 —

May 4. By Stock bought 1,500 73 } 1,177 10 — - - 3,000 78 } 2,366 5 — 4,400 78 3,432 8,900 6,975 15 —

5. Ditto - - - 2,000 74 } 1,495 — — 7,300 75 a 5,531 — — ... 9,300 7,026

6. 5,400 74} i 4,033 — — 4,100 73} 3,018 12 6 9.500 7,051 12 6

7 71}' 1,500 75 1,125 — — 8,000 74}} 5,933 15 — 9.500 7,058 15 —

11. 2,700 1,927 2 6 7,000 70} 4,917 10 — 9,700 6,844 12 6

12. Ditto im 5,700 70 } 4,032 15 — 4,000 701 2,830 9,700 6,862 15 —

14. Ditto ... 4,000 70 i 2,825 — — 3,700 71} 2,659 7 6 2,000 71 1,420 9,700 6,904 7 6

18. Ditto . - - - . - 9,500 74}{} 7,086 17 6 . ... 9,500 7,086 17 6

19 Ditto ... 1,700 72 J 1,228 5 — - 8,000 73} 5,860 — — . ... 9,700 7,088 5 —

20. 9,700 73 72| 7,069 5 — 9,700 7,0 69 5 —

21. Ditto . 2,000 72 1,440 — — 7,700 73} 5,640 5 — ... 9,700 7,080 5

26. Ditto 9,600 73 a 7,050 5 — 9,600 7,050 5 —

27. 9,700 73} 7,141 12 6 ... 9,700 7,141 12 6

28. 9,600 73} 7,032 9,600 7,032

June 1. By Stock bought 9,700 74 7,178 — — - - 9,700 7,178

2. 9,600 74}}} 73 } 7,154 10 — . - - - 9,600 7,154 10 —

3. 800 75} 604 4,500 75} 3,397 10 4,200 74} 3,139 JO — 9,500 7,141

8. 9,500 74} 7,077 IO — 9,500 7,077 10 —

9. Ditto . 5,500 74 i 4,090 12 6 4,000 74} 2,980 9.500 7,070 12 6

10. 9,500 74} 7,036 5 — 9,500 7,036 5 —

15. Ditto 9,500 74 jh 73 il 7,033 2 6 9,500 7,033 2 6

16. Ditto 9,500 1 *' tJ 72} 73 6,929 7 6 9,500 6,929 7 6

J7- Ditto 9,500 72} 6,923 2 6 9,500 6,923 2 6

18. Ditto 9,500 72} 6,911 5 — 9,500 6,911 5 —

22. 6,000 9,500 73} 6,970 12 6 9,500 6,970 12 6

D 23. Ditto - 73 } 4,387 10 — - 3,500 73}} 2,571 5 — 9,500 6,958 15 —

<q' 25. Ditto 9,500 73} 6,958 15 — 9,500 6,958 15 —

r+ n' 30. 9,500 72 n 73 41 6,927 10 — 9,500 6,927 10 —

CD Q_ July 1. Ay Stock bought 9,600 iJTJ 73} 72} 7,020 9,600 7,020

cr 2. 9,500 6,923 2 .6 9,500 6,923 2 6

*< 6. Ditto 1,000 72} 723 15 — 8,600 73}} 6,288 2 6 9,600 7,011 17 6

CD 7. Ditto - 2,50Q 73} 1,831 5 — 6,887 10 7,000 73}}} 5,127 10 — 9,500 6,958 15 —

8. Ditto .9,500 72} — - ... 9,500 6,887 10 —

n 9- Ditto - 2,500 73 1,837 10 — 5.000 73} 3,656 5 — 2,000 73} 1,470 6,500 6,963 15 —

w 13. Ditto 8,500 72}} 6,181 5 — 1,000 731 733 15 — ‘>,500 6,915 — —

0 14. Ditto 2,500 73 } 1,828 2 6 -,) 6,849 7 7,000 73} 5,127 10 — 9,500 6,955 12 6

0^ 15. Ditto - - - - 9,500 71} 72 4 6 - . - 9,500 6,849 7 6

FT 16. 1 Ditto 9,500 1 *» g 72} 6,851 17 6 9,500 6.851 17 6

20. Ditto - 1,020 73 744 12 — 8,500 73} 6,247 10 — 9,520 6,992 2 —

21. Ditto 4,000 72} 2,915 — — 5,600 73} 73}} 4,109 9,600 7,024

22. 5,000 73} 3,662 10 — 4,500 3,315 9,500 6,977 10 —

23. Ditto 4,000 73} !?,925 — — 5,700 73 J 4,204 12 6 9,700 7,129 12 6

~ 27., Ditto 9,500 74}}I 7,093 15 — 9,500 7,093 15 —

28. Ditto 5,000 74 3,700 — — 4,500 74}} 3,361 5 — 9,500 7,06l 5 —

29. Ditto 7,080 71 I 3 74 1 5 4. a 5,274 10 — 2,400 75} 1.803 9,480 7,077 10 —

30. By Stock bought 5,700 4,260 7 6 &,600 75} 2,713 10 — 9,300 6,973 17 6

£. Total l6,h Qr . i 322,209 4 0 34,400 - - 24,996 — — 4,200 - 3,104 12 6 800 - - 604 154,400 - - 113,805 7 — 244,600 - 179,699 5 — 43 S,400 ! 1 322,209 4 6

474 10° Mail A. 1791.

3*

D

cq‘

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o§

FT

Dr. Old S® Sea. NewS® Sea* S® Sea 1751. Consol* 3 p. C*. Reduced. C*.

1790. 17th Quarter. A Cash received. f Capital. Price* Sams paid. % r Capital. Price. Sums paid* \ f Capital. Price. A Sums paid. r Capital. Price. Sums paid. \ r Capital. Price. Sums paid. "A / Total Capital in all the Stocks. Cash paid. '

uly 10. Aug. 3. Quarterly Issue Dividend on "j £.2,435,000 Consol. - -J Dividend on 1 £. 725,000 \ New S. S. -J Ddou £.227,000') 1751 - - -J By Stock bought 250,000 36,525 10,8S2 10 — 3,405 8,900 754 6jos 7 6" 8,900 6,708 7 6

4. Ditto 610 — 5,000 75 4 3,768 15 — 3,900 764 2,967 12 6 8,900 6,736 7 6

5. Ditto 800 761 — - - - 8,000 76*1 6,116 5 — - - 8,800 6,726 5 —

6. Ditto - . - ... 8,500 78 6,630 — — „ . _ . - 8,500 6,630

10. Ditto - - - - 2,000 77 i 1,552 10 — 4,000 77 4 3,105 — — 2,5ro 784 1,959 7 6* 8,500 6,616 17 6

11. Ditto 6,500 77 1 5,053 15 — 2,000 78* 1,570 — — 8,500 6,623 15 —

J3- Ditto 8,500 77* 6,608 15 — . - 8,500 6,608 15 —

V- Ditto - - - - m - - - - . - ... . - - 8,600 77* 6,686 10 — 8,600 6,686 10 —

18. Ditto 8,500 78 4 6,640 12 6 8,500 6,640 12 6

19 Ditto 8,500 78* 6,651 5 — 8,500 6,651 5 —

20. Ditto " - - m - , - - - 8,500 78 4 6,66l 17 6 8,500 6,661 17 6

25. Ditto 78 £ 8,500 78* 6,693 15 — 8,500 6,693 15 —

2o. Ditto 5,100 1,000 781 5 — . - - . 7500 78* 5,906 5 8,500 6,687 10 —

27. Ditto - 78 i 3,997 2 6 3,400 78 4 2,664 15 — 8,500 6,661 17 6

8l. Ditto 3,600 8,500 771* 6,577 10 8,500 6,577 10 —

Sepr 1. By Stock bought - 77 i 2,776 10 — 5,000 771 3,862 10 8,600 6,639

8* Ditto 5,000 77 a 3,866 5 — 3,600 764 2,767 10 _ . — 8,600 6,633 15 —

7® Ditto 3,000 77 2,310 — — 2,600 77 2,002 3,000 774 2,313 15 _ . _ m . 8,600 6,625 15 —

8. Ditto 3,700 77 i 2,86217 6 5,000 77 3,850 — — . 8,700 6,712 17 6

9* Ditto - - - ... 8,700 77 J 6,709 7 6 . - 8,700 6,709 17 6

10. Ditto - 7,700 78 6,025 5 — - - - - ... 1,000 78 780 — . _ 8,700 6,805 5 —

14. Ditto 8,700 7S4 6,790 — — . - 8,700 6,790

15* Ditto 8,700 78 J 6,796 17 6 - - 8,700 6,796 17 6

16. 8,700 77 I 1 6,775 2 6 - - 8,700 6,775 2 6

*7- Ditto " " - - - m - % - - " j, 1 . 8,700 77 j 6,775 2 6 - . 8,700 6,775 2 6

25. Ditto 8,700 774 6,753 7 6 8,700 6,753 7 6

24- W — Ditto - - 8,700 774 78 6,781 — — - _ 8,700 6,781

28- 8,600 77*4 6,639 — — . 8,600 6,639

So* Ditto - - m L - - . - ... 8,600 76 i 6,579 — . 8,600 6,579 — —

Octr 1. By Stock bought - m - - . - - «... 8,600 76 4 6,546 15 . - _ 8,600 6,546 15 —

5* Ditto *1 m - - - 3,200 751 2,503 17 6 - ... 5,300 76 i 4,041 5 6,546 15 — 8,600 6,545 2 6

6* Ditto - - " - - - . - . - - 8,600 76 i — . _ 8,600 6,546 15 —

7® Ditto Ditto - - - 3,000 75* 2,261 5 — - - - 5,600 75 j 4,242 — 6,597 15 — 8,600 6,503 5 —

8. - - 8,800 75 744 — . - 8,800 6,597 15 —

12. Ditto 4, COO 72 J 2,700 72* 1,950 15 — - - - 6,500 714 4,655 12 6 9,200 6,606 7 6

13. Ditto - 2,8JK) — — - 5,300 72*4 3,840 — 9,300 6,730

14. Ditto - - - 4,000 72 i 2.915 — 5,200 72*4 3,762 5 9,200 6,677 5' —

15. Ditto - 2,500 72 i 1,818 15 — 6,800 73 4,962 15 — 9,300 6,781 10 —

19* Ditto 5,200 73 i 2.0C0 74* 1,495 — — 7,200 74 44 5,348 2 6 9,200 6,843 2 6

20. Ditto - 3,835 — — 1 ! 4,000 73* 2,950 — — 9,200 6,785

21. Ditto Ditto Ditto 5,000 74* 3,71210 — 4,300 73 4 3,165 17 6 9,300 6,878 7 6

22. 26\ 9,200 73 4 6,750 10 — 9,200 6,7,50 10 —

5,300 73i i 9,300 734 6,870 7 6 9,300 6,870 7 6

27. Ditto - 3,902 2 6 - - - - ... 3,000 74 § 2,242 10 — 1,000 73* 737 10 _ 9,300 6,882 2 6

29. By Stock bought " - " - . 5,100 75 3,825 — — 3,400 74 2*516 — — 8,500 6,341

Total 17 Q' - 300,812 10 — 42,100 1 - 31,973 17 6 32,500 - > 24,511 15 — - 5,600 - - 4,335 15 — 167,500 128,881 15 — 1 46,500 - - 111,109 7 6 394,200 300,812 10 —

CO

o

w

o

z &

a1 «* ^.

Ctt

D

(Q

rf

n'

CD

CT

Dr. Old S° Sea. New S° Sea. S* Sea 1751. Consol4 3 p. C*. Reduced. cr.

1 t

/ N r \ r \ f \ r \ f *J r

t ✓ Total

1790. 18th Quarter. Cash received. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. v Capital. Price. Sums paid. \ Capital* Price. Sums paid. Capital in all the Stocks. Cash paid.

Quarterly Issue - 250,000 — -

DJ on £. 1,020,000*\ Old S. S. - - J 15,300 —

Dd on £.1,625,0001 Reduced - -J 24,375 — -

1777 A* J Year - 12,500 — 73 1,475

Nov. 2. lly Stock bought Ditto - - . - - 2,000 - 7,500 74* 5,559 7 6 - - 9,500 7,034 7 6

3. - - 7,500 73 *i 5,491 17 6 2,000 74* 1,487 10 — - - - . - - 9,500 6,979 7 6

10. Ditto - 1,000 77 i 777 10 — 8,000, 78 6,240 — — . 9,000 7,017 10 —

11. Ditto 78 i 1,575 — — 7,000 78* 5,46710 — 9,000 ,7,042 10 —

12. Ditto - 9,000 78 7,020 — — 5,451 9,000 7,020 — —

is. Ditto - - - - 6,900 79 — — 2,000 79 1,580 - - 8,900 7,031 — —

17. Ditto - 8,000 78 J 6,2 so 4,762 1,000 78* 78 6 5 ..... 9,000 7,066 5 —

18. 6,000 79 \ 10 — 1,000 791 793 15 - - - - 2,000 78 a 1,575 — — 9,000 7,131 5 — ’

19. Ditto 5,900 ?8 4 CO CO 17 6 3,000 78* 2,366 5 — 8,900 7*005 2 6

23. Ditto 2,800 78* to 8 00 10 — 800 78* 631 - 5,200 78* 4,074 5 — 8,800 6,913 15 —

24. Ditto - ~ - - 8,800 78 i 6,897 — — - 8,800 O',897 — —

25. Ditto - - - 1,000 781 786 5 — 7,800 78* 6,093 15 — 8,800 6,880 — —

26. 5,000 78* 3,943 15 — 4.000 78 3,120 — 9,000 7,063 15 —

Dec. 1. By Stock bought Ditto . - 1,600 78 1,252 — — - - " - - - 6,400 79 i 5,068 5 — 1,000 78* 785 — — ’ 9,000 7,105 5 —

2. 6,300 79 4,977 - - 1,800 79* 1,426 10 —: 700 78* 550 7 6 8,800 6,953 17 6

3. 8,800 78* 6,930 — — 8,800 6,930 — —

7. Ditto W - - - - " - - - 9,000 79* 7,130 — — 9,000 7,130 — —

8. 3,600 9,000 7 9 8 7,166 5 — 9,000 7,166 5 —

9. 80 J 2,884 10 - - - 5,400 79* 4,293 — — 9,000 7,177 10 —

10. Ditto . - 9,000 79* 7,155 — — 9,000 7,155 — —

14. Ditto 8,800 79* 7,029 — — 8,800 7,029 — —

15. Ditto m - - . - 8,800 80* 7,062 — — 8,800 7,062 — —

16. 8,800 80* 7,062 — — 8,800 7,062 — —

17. Ditto - - - - 3,000 79 i 2,392 10 — 5, S00 79* ' 4,632 15 — 8,800 7,025 5 —

22. Ditto _ . - - . - - - - " - - - 8,700 80* 7,002 5 — 8,700 7,002 5 —

23. 8,700 80* 7,003 10 6 8,700 7,003 10 —

24. Ditto 8,700 80 g 6,992 12 6 8,700 6,992 12 6

29. Ditto - - 4,000 80 { 3,205 — — 4,700 80* 3,771 15 — 8,700 6,970 15 —

30. Ditto 8,700 80 5 6,981 15 — 8,700 6,981 15 —

31. Ditto 8, S00 80 g 7,073 — — 8,800 7,073 — —

1791. Jan. 4. By Stock bought 8,700 80 7,014 7 6 8,700 7,014 7 6

5. Ditto 8,700 80 i 7.036 2 6 8,700 7,036* 2 6

7. Ditto - _ 3,150 801 2,539 13 9 2,163 80 i 4,481 12 6 8,700 7,021 0 3

11. Ditto - - - A - 2,700 80* 7 6 - " - - 6,000 80* 4,815 - - 8,700 6,973 7 6

J2. Ditto 3,700 80 2,969 5 — 5,000 SI 4,050 — — 8,700 7,019 5 _

13. Ditto . - - - 4,000 80* 3,227 10 — - - 4,700 80* 3,801 2 6 - - - 8,700 7,028 12 6

14. Ditto - - - . - - - 8,700 81 8 7,077 2 6 - - - 8,700 7,077 2 6

19. 1,620 — 8,700 so 1 7,036 2 6 - - - - '8,700 7,036 2 6

20. Ditto 6,700 SI 5,427 — — 2,000 81 — - 8,000 7,04 7 — —

21. Ditto 8,700 81 H 7,092 12 6 - - - - 8,700 7,0.92 12 6

26*. Ditto - w 1,950 81 1,589 5 — - 5,000 80* 4,043 15 — 1,550 81* 1,265 3 9 8,500 6,898 3 9

27. Ditto 8,600 80* 6,933 15 — 8,600 6,933 15 —

28. By Stock bought 8,300 80 6,640 — — 550 80 3* 44*1 5 — 8,850 7,084 — —

Total 18 Qr - 302,175 54,100 42,341 13 9 49,000 _ 38,986 17 6 9,400 - 7,509 5 — 76,500 - „ „ 60,960 7 6 191,95* _ 152,3/6 16 3 380,250 302,175

17 300,812 10 - 42,100 - 31,973 17 6 32,500 - 24,511 15 — 5,600 - 4,335 15 _ 167,500 . 128,881 15 — 1-16,500 - 111,109 7 6 394,200 '300,812 10 —

16 322,209 4 6* 34,400 46,600 m 24,996 — — ‘ 4,200 - 3,104 12 6 800 - 604 — — 154,400 - 113,805 7 — 244,600 - 179,6.09 5 — 438,400 322,209 4 6

15 295,015 — - - 36,675 15 — 56,000 43,715 15 — 21,400 - 16,719 2 6 192,850 - - 15?,085 17 6 57,800 - - 45,818 10 — 374,650 295,015 — —

| Total 5th Year - 1,220,211 14 6 I77,*oo " 135,987 6 3 141,700 " - 110,319 — — 37,200 - - 29,168 2 6 591,250 - - 455,733 7 640,150 - " 48£),003 18 9 1,587,500 1,220,211 14 6

10° Mail A. 1791,

o

CQ

t — h

N'

CD

CL

cr

a

o

eg

FT

G


O

An ACCOUNT of the Officers appointed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and of the Annual Allowances settled by the Commissioners of the Treasury for their Service, Pains, and Labour, in performing the Trust severally reposed in them.

£. s. d.

To the Secretary - - - 500

Agent - -- - - -- 200

Broker - -- 400

Clerk - - 80

Messenger ——

An ACCOUNT of Incidental Charges.

Incidental Charges 32 1 4

it.

An ACCOUNT of Expired Terms and Annuities.

1777 Annuities

£> s-25,000 ——

Expired and Unclaimed

26,634 4 6

ACCRUING INTEREST:

On £.6,772,350 Capital

£ 203,170 10 —

Henry Addington. W. Pitt.

R. P. Arden.

T. Walker.

S. Bosanquet. Gods, Thornton.

31 Geo. III. 10°

47$ 10°

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Acxounu'and The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Papers pre- the Directors of the East India Company, attended at seated. the Door; he was called in; and, at-the Bar, presented to the Houses pursuant to their Orders,

N® 34. An Abstract of the Receipts and Disbursements of (he Bombay Government, between the 30th of April 178$ and the 1st of May 1789; and Return to the Order of the Honourable House of Commons of the 3d of May 1791, requiring a similar Abstract between the 30th April 1789 and the 1st May 17901 And also,

N* 35. An Account, according to the latest Advices, of all Bills drawn, accepted, or advised, from India, since the 30th of April 1789, distinguishing, as for as can be collected from any Accounts received, the different Dates thereof, and Rates of Exchange, together with the Purposes, or supposed Purposes, for which drawn, and the Periods at which they respectively became due: And also,

N® 36. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting an Account of the East. India Company’s Affairs in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they stood at the Presidencies of Fort Fort Saint

George, and Bombay,on the 30th of April 1788, the

30th of April 1789, and the 30th of 1790, distinguishing each Year, and explaining the Particulars of Debts owing to the Company at the above Periods, according to the latest Advices: And-also,

37. An Account of the Quantity of Salt made and sold in Bengal for the last five Years, distinguishing each Year, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N* 38. An Account of the Nett Value of India and China Goods, and the Amount of each remaining unsold, in the East India Company’s Warehouses, on the 1st of March in the several Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, 1790, and 1791, distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 39. An Account of all Bullion, and of all Stores and Goods intended for Sale or for Public Service, that have been exported by the East India Company for India and China, from Season 1785 to Season' 1790, inclusive, shewing the Amount of each respectively, as far as can be ascertained: And also,

N* 40. An Abstract of the Prime Cost, and also the Charges dependant thereon, of all the Cargoes purchased in India at the different Presidencies, shewing the Amount of each Presidency for the last five Years, distinguishing each Year, and the Proportions of Prime Cost and Charges in India, as far as the same, can be ascertained, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N® 41. An Account of the Full Cost and Charges of all Cargoes purchased in China, and shipped for Europe, during the last Five Years, distinguishing each Year, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N* 42. An Account (according, to the latest Advices) of all Bills drawn, accepted, or advised, from China, for the last Five Years, distinguishing, as far as can be collected from any Accounts received, the different Dates thereof, and Rates of Exchange, together with the Periods at which they respectively became due: And also,

N° 43. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of 0 the Honourable House of Commons, of the 3d May " 1791, requiring an Account of the Sums due from the East India Company to the Paymaster of His Majesty’s Forces, for King’s Troops serving in India ft for the last Five Years, according to the latest vAdvices:" And ylso,

Man. A. 1791.

N® 44. An Account of the Silver, exported, and to be exported, this Season, by tire East India Company for India and China, specifying the Quantity for each Destination: And also,

N® 45. An Account of all Sums that have been obtained by the Government of Bengal, since the 30th of April 1790, by Loans on Bonds, Certificates, or other Obligations, specifying the Terms of Interest on which such have been received, and when payable, also what Sums have become dye and remain undischarged upon Bills or other Claims from the same Period, and further, the Balances of Cash in the Treasury, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N® 46. An Abstract of the Amount of Revenues collected from the Country of the Nabob of Atcot, from the Time it came under the Management of the East Ifidia Company, in the Year 1781, till it was returned to the Nabob in the Year 1785, distinguishing the Nett Sum received in each Year: And also,

N® 47. A General Abstract of the Troops belonging to the East India Company, and of the King’s Troops serving in India, at the respective Governments of Bengal, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, as they stood at the 30th of April indie Years 1786, 1787, 1788,

1789, and 1790, as far as the same can be ascertained:

And also,

N® 48. A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of " the Honourable House of Commons, of the 6th Instant,

" requiring an Estimate of the probable Increase of the " Military Charges of the several Presidencies of Fort " William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for the " Year ending the 1st of May 1791, beyond those of " the preceding Year, according to the latest Advices:"

And also,

N® 49. An Account of Sales and Remains of the Goods and Stores imported by the East India Company at Canton in China, for the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 1. Copy of the Resolutions of the General Court of Proprietors of the East India Company, made in the Year 1774, directing the Limits of Military Authority to be respectively exercised by the Governor General of Bengal, and by the Commander in Chief of the Forces, in India: And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Treaty made by the Government of Madras with the Nabob of Arcot during the Administration of Mr. Davidson.

Together with Lists of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lists were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Sixteen first of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst, the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for altering so much of an Act, made in the ScotchGam* Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Bl.11 as relates to the Time of killing Muir Fowl and Tar- mit magan in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, General Murray, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Mr. Turner's Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for vesting in Bl11 Passed-James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow 13 Colour

10° M

479

Colour of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England,the Dominion of , and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read.' accordingly;

The said' Bill waa read, the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed: to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pt. 6. h to To leave out "as," and-insert "and" instead thereof.

1. 13. To leave out " herein after mentioned," and insert " made in pursuance of the said Letters Patent" instead thereof.

Pr. 8. 1. 7. To leave out " the."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns* the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. do cany the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Papers relat- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a ing to Lord Copy of the Minute of the Governer General in Council of Fort William, in Bengal, dated 5th November 1790, signifying his Intention to proceed to the Coast, in order tp take upon himself the Conduct of the War.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minute of Messieurs Speke and Two of the Members of the Council of Fort William, in Bengal, dated. 6th November 1790, approving of Lord Cornwallis's Intentions of proceeding to the Coast.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the 65th Paragraph of a letter from the Governor General and Council, in their Political Department, to the Coprt of Directors, dated 21st November 1790; together with a Copy of the Paper therein referred to, intitu)ed> " Powers delegated by the Board " to the Right honourable the Governor General of his " proceeding to the Coast."

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented; to the House, by His Majesty’s Order in Command, Council for

A Paper, intituled^ " Order of His, Majesty

admitting ln Salt Petre to

Cornwallis, ordered.

POchard Fishery Bill committed.

A Bill for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by continuing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

" Council for admitting 1,000 Tons of Salt Petre to an Entry,

" an Entry." presented.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider of the Duties on- the; Importation of Salt Petre.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed Saint Chad's in the Twenty-ninth Year of die Reign of His present Church Bill Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building the Parish committed*

" Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury,

" and County of Salop; and for providing a new " Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church " and Cemetery," and for raising a further Sum of Money for fully effecting the general Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pulteney, Sir James Murray,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Papers relat-Command, ‘° the

A Paper, intituled, " Memorial of the Master of the seated!"^*

" Mint — Balance of his Account to 31st December " 1790:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Account of the Earl of " Leicester, Master and Worker of His Majesty’s " Mint, from 19th April to 31st December 1790:"

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Officers of the Mint Report " on the Account of Lord Leicester, as Master and " Worker of the Mint, from the 19th April to 31st " December 1790 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Memorial of John Vernon,

" Junior, Solicitor to the Mint — Expence of ProsecutionsAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " 27th April 1791, Officers of the " Mint Report on Memorial of J. Vernon, Solicitor to the Mint — Payment of Expences incurred in carrying " on Prosecutions against Coiners."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

MEM OR IA L of the Master of the Mint — Balance of his Account to 31st December 1799.

Sir,

I take Leave to inclose my Account from the 19th April to the 31st December 1790, upon which there appears a Balance due to me of Twelve thousand Sixteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny, which I request you will please to communicate to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’? Treasury.

But all the Money their Lordships are authorized by Parliament to issue for Service of His Majesty’s Mint for the Year 1790, having been already received, I must submit to their Lordships the Means they may see proper for paying the said Balance of £. 12,016. 18. 71, to enable me to perfect my Account to be laid before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; which, however, 1 presume can only be done by special Vote of Parliament

I am,

Sir,

Mint Office, Your most obedient,

14th Feb,y 1791. humble Servant,

Leicester,

Thomas Steele, Esq. Master and Worker.

Ypu 46.

The

Mint The ACCOUNT of the Earl of Leicester, Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, within the Tower of London, of ail Monies by him had and received out of His Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer, for Service of said Mint, from the 19th Day of April to the 31st Day of December 1790. — Also of all Monies by him paid — and for Charges incurred in the said Mint, within the Time above mentioned.

CHARGE.

The said Accountant charges himself with having received, by Way of Imprest, and u)x>n Account, out of His Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer, on the Times under mentioned, as by Particulars in the Imprest Roll doth appear.

1790.

August 18. Received by Warrant, granted for Remain of Quarterly Allowance, for Midsummer Quarter -November 8. Received by Warrant, granted for Michaelmas Quarter

Received by Warrant, 1791, granted for Christmas Quarter 1790 -

£. s. d.

637 5 7* 3*45° ——

3.450 ——

jC*

7,537 5

DISCHARGE.

The said Accountant is discharged by Monies paid by him, and for Charges incurred within the Time of this Account, as follows:

To him his own Salary, from 19th April to 25th December inclusive -for Three Clerks, - same Time -

for an Assayer, - same Time for a fireman to his Assayer, - - same Time -

for a Purveyor, - - - - same Time -

for an Office Keeper, ... same Time -JTo Lewis PiiJgo, Esquire, Chief Graver, from 24th June to 25th December ——

Mr. John Pingo, Assistant Graver, - same Time

Mr. John Milton, Probationer under Chief Graver, same Time

Mr. Elias Walter Smith, Assistant to Gravers, - same Time Mr. Daniel Kemp, Provost of the Moaeyers, - same Time

Mr. John Chambers, Surveyor of Money Presses, same

Time -- - - - 3° -

More to him - - - - same Time 710 —

Z

3

c

(V

*T3

All by Warrants.

I To Stanesby Alchome, Esquire, - same Time

Sir Root Pigot, Bart - - same Time

William Dick, Esquire, - - same Time

340 13 3 102 4 — 68 2 8

17- 8 17- 8 17 - 8

150 ——

60 ——

60 ——

30 ——

75 ——

37 10 —

225 ——

37 10 —

Allowance by Indenture to this Accountant, for his Waste and Charges in Coining

C Id /27>°6° Pounds Weight, into Guineas, - - at 6#. 8 per lb.

'j0 \ 5,565 Pounds Weight into Half Guineas, - at 7. iotd. per lb.

For Monies from said Coinage put into the Pix -For Fees paid by this Accountant on entering his Securities at the King’s Remembrancer’s: Allowed by Warrant of Treasury -For Fees paid at the Treasury, Exchequer, and other Offices; and for Annual Allowances for the Year 1790, as by Bill of Particulars doth appear ——

9,048 3 9

2,191 4 4

ill 9 4 291 1 8

11,239 s 1 2,088 19 6

40» 11

For paying necessary Charges incurred in the Year 1790, due to the Persons under-mentioned, for the Particulars expressed in their Bills; viz1.

Mr. Augustus Browne, - - Refiner - -

Messrs. John Young and Son, - Charcoal Men -

Mr. John Jones, - Sea Coal and Porterage -

Stanesby Alchome, Esquire, - Necessaries to Assay Offices Mr. James Morrison, Purveyor, Necessaries supplied, and Disbursements made by him, for the Mint generally ——

More to him, for fine Copper, used for Allay -

360 — 2

273 — —

8 14 8

3i 11 7

50 7 —

*349

726 18 2

For

10° M

481

J’or paying the Bills of the Artificers under-named, due to them for Materials found, and Works performed, in the Year 1790, the several Offices and Buildings used for Coinage:

Mr. Jordan - -Holland Holland Blutherwick Thorogood -Coventry -Dennis - -Walter - -Marbro - -Mrs. Bacon -

Mr. Jourdan - -

Mason

Bricklayer -Carpenter -Furnace Builder Plaisterer Painter Glazier Smith Pavior

Wire Worker Plumber

Imprested to Sir Rob‘ Pigot, Bart. Warden of His Majesty’s Mint, to discharge Salaries payable by him, as by Indenture of the Mint, from 25th March to 25th December, 1790 ——

Imprested more to him, to pay incidental Charges and Allowances for the Year 1790, together with the Diet payable by the Warden, as by Indenture ——

Imprested more to him, to pay several Artificers Bills, for Materials found, and Works performed, by them, in the Year 1790, to the Houses and Buildings in said Mint ——

Imprested more to him, for defraying the Charge of carrying on Prosecutions against false Coiners, and to discharge the Salary of the Person employed therein, for a Year, ending 31 December 1790 -

Total Discharge Total Charge -

Balance due to this Accountant

9 7 —

44 3 4

100 7 9

83 8 11

4 18 3

17 17 6

14 8 1

81 1 3

2 12 8

2 1 6

19 14 —

1,350 ——

487 10 8 1,013 8 8

598 6 —

Hie Mint.

380 — 3

3,449 5 4

19,554 4 3

7,537 5 71

& 12,016 18 7i

Leicester,

Master and Worker.

OFFICERS of the Mint Report on the Account of Lord Leicestei', as Master and Worker of the Mint, from the it)th April to 31st December 1790.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

In Obedience to Your Lordships Order of Reference, signified by Mr. the 21st Instant, directing us to

examine the Account of Lord Leicester, as Master and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint, from the 19th April to_3ist December 1790 — and report our* Opinion thereupon:

We beg Leave to report, That having examined the several Articles in the said Account by the particular Vouchers, we find them to agree, and the Account to be truly stated; and that there appears a Balance due to his Lordship thereupon, amounting to Twelve thousand Sixteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence

Half-penny; and it appearing also, that all the Money your Lordships are authorized to issue for Service of

His Majesty’s Mint for the Year 1790, has already been received; we are of Opinion the said Balance of

£. 12,016. 18. 7 {.is proper to be allowed and paid to his Lordship; the Means of doing which is nevertheless

humbly submitted to your Lordships’ great Wisdom, by,

May it please your Lordships, s

Your Lordships

most obedient, and most bumble Servants,

Mint Office, Edo/1 Lucas, Dep7 Ward*.

29th March 1791* Jrf Bastin, D Compt'

Vo 1* 46.

6G MEMORIAL

The Mint.

483

10'’ M

A. 1791.

MEMORIAL of John Vernon, Junfor, Solicitor to the Mint — Expence of Prosecutions.

To the Right honobrable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The hhffible' MCihorial of John Vernon, the Younger, Solicitor to His Majesty’s Mint.

Sheweth, .

That your Memorialist did, in thC Month. of May 1790, present to your Lordships a Memorial, setting forth, That in pursuance! of Directions frotn Sir Robert Pigot, Warden of His Majesty’s Mint, divers Prosecutions had been carried on by your Memorialist against Offenders, relating to the Gold and Silver Coin, from the 31st Day of December 1788 to the 31st Pay of December 1789, and that the Expences incurred thereby to the 30th Day of June only, amounted to the Sum of £. 599. 17. 10. which Sum had been paid to your Memorialist; but that the Expences of Prosecutions for further Offences committed in the said Year 1788 (including therein the Sums of 30* £. 60. and £. 50. paid by your Memorialist to several Persons, as Rewards for apprehending such Offenders, in pursuance of several Orders from your Lordships for that Purpose) amounted to the Sum of £. 602. 14. 10.; which Memorial ybur Lordships were pleased to refer to the Principal Officers of His Majesty’s Mint;- who madq' a Report thereupdn to your Lordships, on the 90th Day of June last, and thereby stated to your Lordships that they had examined the said Account, and' that there being an Error therein to the Amount of Fifteen Shillings, there remained due to your Memorialist, dn the said Account, the Sum of £. 601. 19. 10.

That your Memorialist, since the Close of his Account to the 31st Day of December 1789, has, in pursuance of Directions from the said Warden of His Majesty’s Mint, earned on divers Prosecutions relating to the Gold and Silver Coin, from the said 31st Day of December 1789 to the 31st Day of December 1790; and that the Amount of Expences incurred thereby, to the 13th Day of July only, amount to the Sum of £ 598. 6. an Account whereof has been delivered into the Mint Offifce by your Memorialist: But the Expences of Prosecutions for further Offences committed in the said Year 1790, aihount to the Sum of £. 932. 3. 5. an Account whereof has ako been delivered into the Mint Office by your Memorialist.

That your Memorialist has also, in pursuance of an Order from your Lordships, paid the Sum of £. 30. to John Clarke and others, as a Reward for apprehending James Royer, James Smith, and Edward , convicted in October Sessions last, of colouring Pieces of Metal to resemble the Silver Coin of this Kingdom.

That the several Particulars above-mentioned amount together to the Sum of Two thousand One hundred and JSixty-two Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence, which Sum still remains due to your Memorialist.

Your Memorialist therefore humbly prays your Lordships to take the Premises intd your Consideration, and that your Lordships will be pleased to give such Directions in regard to the stating and auditing of your Memorialist’s Accounts, and for the Payment of what shall appear to remain due to your Memorialist, as to your Lordships shall seem meet.

And your Memorialist, &c.

John Vernon, Junr,

31st March 1791.

27th April 1791.

OFFICERS of the Mint Report on Memorial of J. Vernon, Solicitor to the Mint — Payment of Expences

incurred in carrying on Prosecutions against Coiners.

To the kight honourable the Lords Commissioned of His Majesty’s Treasury#

May it please your Lordships,

In Obedience to your Lordships’ Order of Reference, signified by Mr. Long, the 14th Instant, directing us to consider and report our Opinion.on a Memorial of Mr. Vernon, Solicitor to the Mint, craving Payment of several Accounts therein specified, for Expences incurred in carrying on Prosecutions against Offenders, relating to the Gold and Silver Coin; — we beg Leave to report,

x That the Accounts, as stated by the Memorialist, from 31st December 1788 to 30th June 1789, and from 3ist^ December 17^9 to 13th July 1790, being within the Yearly Allowance established by Parliament for this Service, are in Course paid by this Office; and therefore, the farther Expences incurred in each Year for Prosecutions, as spt forth by the Memorialist, are only what remains to be provided for.

Tffjat having ^lready reported to your Lordships* (30th June 1790) that it appeared to us, on due Examination of the Memorialist s. Account, from 30th June to 31st. December 1789, there was due to him thereon the Sum of Six hundred One Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence; — and having carefully examined the Account lately delivered to this’Office, of Expences incurred for like Prosecutions carried on by the Memorialist, from 13th July to 31st December 1,790, ule find the Charges conformable to Allowances regulated and established by a Warrant of King George I. dated 29th July 1715, and that he has produced Vouchers for Money paid in Fees to Counsel,

and other Disbursements, as far as seems practicable to obtain them; and to which is also added a Charge of Thirty Pounds, paid by the Memorialist in Rewards, by your Lordship’s Order; and that after correcting some Errors in the Account, the Charges therein, upon the Whole, appear to us to be Such as have been usual in like Cases, and amount to the Sum of Nine hundred Sixty-three Pounds and Five Pence, which, with the Account above-mentioned, making together the Sum of £. 1,565. — 3. is, in our Opinion, proper to be allowed and paid to the Memorialist, Mr. Vernon. — But the Means for doing it must be submitted to your Lordships’ great Wisdom, by,

May it please your lordships,

Your Lordships

most obedient, and

most humble Servants,

Mint Office, DepT Ward".

27th April 1791. James Morrison, Depy Mas' and W\

Jrt Bastin, D. Co;nptr.

Ordtrtd,

483

10° Mad.

Italian Silk Crapes, &c. Bill presented*

Papers relating to Lord Cornwallis presented.

Report from Committee on Public Income and Expenditure.

Past Income.

Permanent

Taxes.

Appendix (A.) N° l. 2. 3. 4-

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, unless brought directly from thence: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° i. Copy of the Minute of the Governor General in Council of Fort William in Bengal, dated 5th November 1790, signifying his Intention to proceed to the Coast, in order to take upon himself the conduct of the War; and also,

N° 2. Copy of the Minute of Messieurs Speke and Confer, Two of the Members of the Council of Fort William in Bengal, dated 6th November 1790, approving of Lord Cornwallis's Intention of proceeding to the Coast; and also,

N° 3. Copy of the 65th Paragraph of a Letter from the Governor General and Council, in their Political Department, to the Court of Directors, dated 21st No-rember 1790; together with a Copy of the Paper therein referred to, intituled, " Powers delegated by the Board " to the Right honourable the Governor General on his " proceeding to the Coast."

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Select Committee, to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what has been the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future, and also what Alteration has taken place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786; That the Committee had examined the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have proceeded to consider the Matter referred to them, under the several Heads of Income, Expenditure, and’ National Debt; and have thought it right to state separately, under each of these Heads, the Result of their Enquiries, as it applies either to the last Five Years, or to the Expectations which may be formed for the future.

I. INCOME.

§ .

The Net Produce of the different Branches of the ordinary Revenue (exclusive of Land and Malt) for each of the Five Years, from the 6th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1791, both inclusive, appears to have been

1786 - - - £11,867,055

1787 --- 12,923,134

1788 - 13,007,642

1789 ... 13*433,068

179° - - - 14,072,978

After deducting £. 522,500, of respited

Vol. 4,6,

§ 2.

Your Committee, observing that the Report of the Report on former Committee, in 1786, has been referred to them, have thought k their Duty, in considering the past Income of the Country, to compare the Expectations then, formed with the actual Produce of the Taxes upon which they were grounded.

The Committee of 1786 proceeded upon a Supposition that the Permanent Taxes then subsisting were likely to produce Annually - £. 12,797,471.

It appears, that those Taxes, according to the best Information which your Committee have been able to collect, have produced,

In 1786

1787

1788

1789

1790

Making, upon an Average,

I 11,836,531

- 12,754,795.

- 12,812,952

- 13,209,871 13,782,393

Appendix (B.) N° I.

- £ 12,879,308.

It is to be observed, that an alteration was made in the Horse Tax, in the Session of 1786, by which Persons of certain Descriptions were exempted from it; and that, in consequence, the Assessment, which in the Year ending the 5th Day of April 1787, was £. 133*087, in the subsequent Year fell to £. 101,284. Appendix The Accounts from the Tax Office calculate the Di- 9‘

minution, by comparing the Assessment of 1786 with that of 1789, and make it amount to 37,687.

Some Allowance ought evidently to be made for this Circumstance, in comparing the Produce of the Four last Years with the Expectations of the former Committee. But, as a small Part of this Decrease may be supposed to have arisen, either from the Operation of the Tax in reducing the Number of Horses, or from the Increase of Evasions, which, from Information givei> to your Committee, have been considerable, they have not thought proper to state any particular Sum on this Account.

Some further Allowance ought to be made on Ac- Appendix count of a Tax upon Linens and Stuffs, imposed in (B.) N° 3. 1784, which produced in 1785 £. 27,655, and which was also a Part of the Income upon which that Com-’piittee grounded their Expectations. This Ta* was repealed in 1785; and the ad valorem Duty, which was imposed in that Year to replace it, having proved unproductive, was also repealed by the Consolidation Act in 1787.

§ 3:

It appears that the Committee of 1786, in Addition to their Calculation of the general Produce of the Permanent Taxes, had made a particular Estimate of what might be expected to be raised by certain Duties, the future Annual Produce of which they considered as likely to be different from their actual Amount in the Year immediately preceding.

These Duties were expected to produce Annually ...../. 2,107,186;

And have produced, upon an Ave- Appendix

rage - - - -£.2,122,600, (C.) N* 1.

notwithstanding the Diminution of the Horse Tax.

§4-

Your Committee have hitherto confined themselves, in Annual their Statements, to the Permanent Taxes. Taxe*.

With respect to those which are Annually granted; the Land Tax, after deducting all the Charges previous to its coming into the Exchequer, except the Payments on Account of the Militia, was calculated at ----- £. 1,967,650.

This Estimate was formed upon the Average Produce of the Aids for the Seven Years from 1776 to 1782, both inclusive, upon which the Payments were supposed to be compleat at the Period to which the Accounts before that Committee referred. It ap- Appendix pears, however, that, subsequent to this Period, a (D.) N° 1.

Duties paid by the East India Company.

Sum

Report on Public Income Ac Expenditure.

Appendix

(O.) * 2.

Appendjx (D.) N* i.

Foture Income. Permanent Taxes.

Appendix (A.) N° I.

Appendix [D.) N* 3.

Sum of £. 34,106 was received on Account of the Aids for the said Seven Years, which would have made an Addition of £.4,872 to the Average stated by them, and would have raised their Calculation to - £ 1,972,522.

From the Manner in which this Duty is collected, the Accounts of the Payments of the Aids granted for the Service of the Years 1789 and 1790 cannot yet be made up, and there are still some small Arrears on the Aids of 1787 and 1788. Your Committee, however, think it right to observe, that the Sum charged Annually upon the Country, on Account of the Land Tax, is exactly the same, and is subject to no other Deductions (except the Payments for the Militia) than what arise from the Poundage, which is also invariable, and from some other small Charges, the Fluctuations of which do not appear to have been such as to deserve particular Notice. Whatever, therefore, may be the accidental Variations in the Times of Payment, the real Produce on Account of each Year must ultimately prove nearly the same. If your Committee had taken it at the full Amount of the Assessment, deducting only the Poundage and the above Charges, upon an Average of the Years 1786, 1787, and 1788, the Result would have been.....£ 1.973,65*;

But, allowing a small Sum for any casual Loss, it may be stated at - £. 1,972,000.

The Malt Tax was estimated at - £. 632,350.

The Accounts of the actual Produce of the several Annual Malt Taxes appear compleat only for the Years 1786, 1787, and 1788.

The Average Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Aids granted for the Service of those Years, has been.....£. 597,*7i-

§ 5-

Your Committee proceeded to consider, what may be expected to be the future Iniome of the Country. And, in order to estimate the Produce of the Permanent Taxes, they have not thought it necessary to go back to a more distant Period than Three Years. The successive Alterations which have taken Place in various Branches of the Revenue, the material Changes arising from the Consolidation Act, and from the Commercial Treaty with France, and the particular Circumstances attending the preceding Years, seem to make a more remote Retrospect inapplicable to this View of the Subject.

The Produce of the Permanent Taxes from the 6th Day of Jamiary 1788 to the 5th Day of January 1791,

both inclusive, appears to have been,

In 1788 - '- - £ 13,007,642

1789,- - - 13,433,068

1790 - - - 14,072,978

Making a Total of £. 40,513,688

Your Committee, however, think it necessary to remark, That the Account for the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1790, includes Fifty-three Days of Weekly Payment upon the Letter Money; that the Account for the next Year includes the same Number of Dap of Weekly Payment upon the Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Salt; and that the Amount of the Payment upon all those Articles together, on the 4th and 5th Days of January 1791, has been.....£. *93,657-

As this Circumstance must recur rather oftener than in the Proportion of Once in every Six Years, if the above Total had been formed upon the Produce of Six Years it would not have been necessary to make any Deduction upon this Account: But that Total having been formed (for the Reasons already stated) upon the Produce of Three Years only,

Half the Amount of that Weekly Payment, being a Sum of £. 96,828, must be deducted, and would leave.....£.40,416,860.

The Average of those Three Years would then be - - - £. 13,472,286.

It is also to be observed, on the other Hand, That, in order to form as accurate a Calculation as possible, some Addition ought to be allowed for beyond this Average, on Account of whatever may be the Excess of the Taxes imposed in 1789, above what may be sufficient to replace the Shop Tax, which was repealed in that Year.

It appears by the Observations in Appendix (B.)

N# 1, that the actual Receipt on Account of those Taxes cannot be accurately ascertained; but if a Calculation ' were to be formed, by deducting from the Produce of the Three last Years what was received on Account of the Shop Tax, and what is calculated to have been received on Account of the Duties imposed in 1789, and by substituting in each Year what may be expected as the future Produce of the last mentioned Duties, the Result would be an Addition to the Average of between £. 20,000 and£. 30,000. But, from the Shortness of the Period since they were imposed, the several Accounts from the Stamp and Tax Offices do not appear suffi- (M N’5-6-7-ciently clear and distinct, to enable Your Committee to state any precise Sum upon this Account. ♦

A similar Observation arises from the Increase of the (A.)N»j. 3. Revenue upon the Article of Tobacco, since it has been (E.)N*i. put under the Management of the Excise; and, though Your Committee are here also unwilling to hazard any particular Calculation, it may be supposed, from the Papers referred to, that if this Regulation, which took place only in October 1789, had existed during the Whole of the Three Years, it would have added a considerable Sum to the Average above stated.

In considering what is to be taken on Account of the Annual Land Tax, Your Committee have adopted the Estimate Taxes-already mentioned, for the Reasons there given, and band Tax. state it at - -£.1,972,000.

The Produce of the Duty on Malt, not being, like Malt Duty, that of the Land Tax, uniform in its Amount, can only be estimated from some former Average. If this Estimate were formed from its Produce in 1786, 1787, and Appendix

1788, the Result would be - - £.597,171. (D.) N* 1.

But as the Reasons which led the Committee to confine their Consideration of the Permanent Taxes to Three Years, do not apply to this, it may be proper to include a greater Number of Years in the Average, especially as the Produce of this Duty depends so much on the Variations of the Seasons. If taken Appendix upon an Average of the last compleat Five Years, (D0 *s" included in the Account given in, it would amount to about ----- -£. 586,000.

The Total Average arising from the Permanent Taxes, and the Annual Duties upon Land and Malt, exclusive of any additional Allowance for the Taxes imposed in

1789, or for the Increase upoji Tobacco, would be, upon the above Estimate,

Permanent Taxes - - £.13,472,286

Land Tax - 1,972,000

Malt Duty - 586,000

£. 16,030^86

§6. /

Your Committee are sensible, that any Estimate which can be formed of the future Produce of a Revenue, arising from so great a Number of Articles, and necessarily varying with the Fluctuations of an extensive Commerce, must be liable in its Nature to Uncer- -tainty. They think it right however to remark, that the Average on which they have grounded their Expectations, is formed upon a Revenue which has £1 been

It)0 M

485

(&) Vide the various Averages below.* Appendix (A.)N°1.9.3' IE.) N#i.2.3.

Extraordinary Resources.

Appendix (A.) N# 2.

(F.) N* *. V. Page 486.

(F.)N° i.

(F.) N° 2. V. Page 486.

(F.) N* 3.

&,) N° 3. CF. N* 3.

been Annually increasing (a)\ and that a considerable Proportion of this Increase (as appears from the Papers referred to) has taken Place upon Articles of general Consumption; and particularly upon those to which the Attention of Parliament has lately been directed.

7-

Your Committee, having stated all that they think necessary to observe, relative to the past or future Produce both of the Permanent Taxes, and of those which, though Annually voted, form a Part of the Ordinary Income of the Country, have judged it proper, before they proceed to the other Branches of their Enquiry, to take Notice of such Extraordinary Resources, exclusive of Money raised by Loans, as have arisen during the Period referred to them.

There appears to have been applied to the Public Service,

From respited Duties paid in by the East India Company - - . - - -,£.522,500

From Arrears of Aids of Land] - - 131,467

Tax - - J granted prior to 1786.

MaltJ

D° - - - MaltJ - - - 14,875

From Sums remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1786 - - 1,172,119

From Imprest Monies, and Monies repaid *.....820,165

From Money repaid on Account of an

Advance for Foreign Secret Service - - 34,000

From Sale of French Prizes - 3,oooo

From

Army Savings, and Chelsea Pensioners - - - - - - 1,091,147

(F.) N*4. And from Profit on the Annual Lottery - 1,212,692

From the Nature of the Articles which have composed these Extraordinary Aids, it is evidently impossible to form any Estimute of what further Receipt may be expected under such of those Heads as can recur in future;.

The Re-payment of Imprest and other Monies may still be supposed to yield some additional Sums; but as these principally arise from the Settlement of Accounts for Monies issued during the last War, this Resource cannot be relied on for any Length of Time; and even while it lasts must be expected to become every Year less productive.

» The Extent of the Resource of a Lottery (which has

become within these few Years an Object of increased Importance) necessarily depends upon Circumstances, which make it impossible to form any certain Estimate of the Profit to be expected from it; but there is no apparent Reason to imagine, that, as long as Parliament thinks proper to avail itself of this Mode of raising Money, it may not continue to furnish as large a Sum in Time of Peace as it has lately produced. — No Notice is here taken of Army Savings, as they are allowed for, to a certain Extent, in the Army Estimates.

II. EXPENDITURE.

-I 00 Ob 1 - £ 15,720,543

1787 - - 15,620,783

1788 - 15,800,796

1789 - 16,030,204 (b)

1790 - - 15>912>597 (b)

— Chatges on the Aggregate arid Consolidated Funds Report on . — Navy — Army — Ordnance — -Militia — Miscellaneous £a^ic Services — and Appropriated Duties, appears to have pen ,tuie* been *,

j

Appendix. (F.)N°5. ((3.) N* 1.

(H.) N° 1. (I.) N° 1. (K.) N° 1. a. (L.) N° 1. a. (M.) N° 1. (N.) N° 1. (O.) N° l.

(P.) N» 1.

§2.

No precise Estimate having been formed by the . Committee of 1786, of what might be expected to be the Total Expence of all those Services, previous to a permanent Peace Establishment, it is impossible to draw the same Kind of Comparison as to the Expenditure which Your Chmmittee have attempted to do as to V the Income.

Thinking, however, that it would be satisfactory to the House, to have before them, at One View, a distinct Statement of all the principal Charges which compose the above Totals, arranged under the general Heads adopted by that Committee, they have drawn up a Table for that Purpose, to which they beg Leave to refer.

§3-

The next Object pointed out for theif Enquiry, was Future Ex-the probable future Expenditure; which they have stated penditur*. in the same Order,

The Annual Interest and other Charges payable upon the Public Debts, as they stood on the 5th Day of January 1791, including the Interest on the Stock which has been purchased by the Commissioners, was.....£.9,289,110.

From this is to be deducted £.14,000, being the Interest of the short Annuities granted in 1789, because the Fund from whence this Interest is paid does not appear as Part of the Income - - £. 14,000.

There must be added, on the other Hand, the Interest on the Tontine Loan. It appears, that on the 5th of April 1791, £.21,431 was set apart in the Exchequer to pay Half a Year’s Interest on that Loan, but that the future Annuity' cannot be ascertained with perfect Accuracy. Taking, however, the whole Year’s Interest according to this Proportion, it would stand at - - - - £. 42,862.

The whole Amount of the Interest and Charges would then be - £-9i3l7>972.

Appendix

(F.)N*5.

Appendix (G.) N* it

Appendix

(Q.)N*i,

§ 4.

Your Committee called upon the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for an Estimate of the Expence likely to be A nnually incurred under the Head of Exchequer Bills, upon the Land Tax, the Malt Duty, and the Supplies. The future Charge upon this Article is stated by them at - - £ 260,000.

Appendix (R.) N* 1.

h 5-

Past Expen- The Total Expence incurred in the last Five Years, The Sum charged upon the Consolidated Fund, Appendix dkure. under the Heads of — Interest and Charges of the Na- for the Support of His Majesty’s Household, is (!) N°»,

tional Debt — Interest of Exchequer Bills — Civil List £. 898,000;

Permanent Taxes, and Land and Malt, without any Deduction on Account of the Fifty-third Weekly Payment.

5 Years Avei age - £. 15,618,775

4 Years - 15,917,205

3 Years ----- - 16,06*2,552

2 Years.....- 16,311,023

Last Year’s Income - 16,6*30,978

4 The Expence of the Armament of the Year 1790, being a Part of the Charge of the Year 1791, and having been separately provided for by Parliament, is not here included.

The Grants on this Account, as far as they appear in the Papers referred to, under the Heads of Navy — Army — and Ordnance, have" been £.2,821,000. 4

(b) Exclusive of the Militia.

Vol. 46.

6 H and,

Report ra PaMc Dkom kJBtpeadiMte.

Appendix (!) N* i.

Appendix (S.) N° 1. (T.) N« i. 3. <U.) N° l.

Appendix (N.) N* i.

Appendix (N.) N# 3.

Appendix (W.) N* I.

Appendix (P.) N* l

<W.) N# 2.

10° Maii.

a. m

and, together with £. 2,000 which it paid by the Alienation Office, before the Net Produce of that Revenue is paid into die Exchequer, forms the Whole of the Civil List

§ 6.

The remaining Charges upon this Fund in the last Year (exclusive of £.4,000 paid to his late Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland) appear to have been.....£*105,385.

§ 7*

Your Committee called upon the different Offices for Estimates of the future Annual Expence of the Navy, Army, and Ordnance; and, according to the Statements received from them, it is calculated to be as follows, subject to the Observations subjoined to those Estimates.

For the Navy For the Army For the Ordnance

£. 2,000,000 1,748,842

375,oooo

§ 8.

The Annual Charge of the Militia, during the only Three Years since the Reductions in that Branch of the National Service, for which die Accounts are yet made up, appears to have been, upon an Average,

£*93,iio.

But, by an Estimate delivered in for the Year 1789, 1790, and 1791, it is stated at - £.95,3h.

§ 9.

The expected Expence upon the Articles usually included under the Head of Miscellaneous Services, is stated according to the Estimate received from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and amounts to ----- £.128,416.

§ 10.

The Amount of the Taxes which still remain appropriated for particular Purposes, not included under any of the preceding Heads of Charge, appears to have been, upon the Average of the Three last Years, - - - - £.40,252.

§ 11.

The Sum directed to be issued in each Year, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, is.....£.1,000,000.

The Total of the Sums above stated, is £.15,969,178.

§ 12.

It does not appear to your Committee, that it falls within their Province to consider what other Extraordinary Expences, not included in any Estimate before them, may occur in a Course of Years; as the Nature and Extent of such Services depend upon Circumstances which cannot be foreseen, and must be decided upon by the Wisdom of Parliament, as the Occasions arise.

The only Article of this Nature which has been brought distinctly under the View of your Committee is the Amount of the Money remaining due upon the Principal and Interest of the American and East Florida Claims, which has been directed by Parliament to be paid by Installments.

The Principal appears to have amounted, on the loth of October 1790, to the Sum of £.1,546,062, exclusive of the Interest payable Half Yearly upon such Part of it as remains undischarged, and exclusive of such further Annual Payments as are made for the temporary Support and Pensions of American 7

rx uvc'f jcx x 1 «/ x«

Loyalists, the present Amount of which appears to Appendix be.....- - £.54,211. Ov*)n°5*

As, however, in the Estimate of the Income of the Country, no Credit is taken for any Aid from a Lottery, or from, any incidental Payments, those additional Resources may be considered as applicable towards defraying this and other Charges of the like Description.

„ . § >3-

Your Committee have hitherto stated the Result of Comparative their Examination respecting the past and future In- Statement of come and Expenditure, considering them in the same View, and arranging them under the same Heads, as p the former Committee. These Heads appear to comprehend all the Articles which are necessary to be included on each Side of the Account in that View of the Subject.

But in order to ascertain, with as much Precision as they were able, the Means by which the whole Amount of the Public Expence, during the last Five Years, has been defrayed, they have thought it necessary to consider the Income and Expenditure of that Period in another Point of View, for the Purpose of forming such a Comparative Statement of their Total Amount as may render the Account as distinct as possible, according to the several Heads of Service under which Money is issued from the Exchequer.

The Total Produce of the Permanent Taxes, for the Appendix Five Years, has been - - - £.65,303,877. (A.) N» u

There was received from the East India Company in 1786, on Account of Duties due before that Time, the Payment of which had been postponed, Appendix

£.522,500. (A.) N» 2.

The whole Sum of £.2,750,000, raised upon the Credit of the Land and Malt Tax Acts, is actually, received from the Bank in each Year. Exchequer Bills to this Amount are made out, and deposited from Time to Time with the Bank; and the Sum by which the Produce of those Duties paid into the Exchequer, up to the Time of settling the respective Accounts with the Bank, falls short of re-paying both the Principal and Interest of such Exchequer Bills, is paid over at such Time to the Bank, and is Annually stated as an Article of Expenditure, under the Head of Deficiency of Land and Malt. It will be inserted as such on the other Side of the Account now to be formed; and it is evident, therefore, that in this View of the Subject, the full Sum so raised must be taken as a Part of the Receipt for the last Five Years - - - - £.13,750,000.

Arrears of Land Tax - 171,166.

Arrears of Malt Duty - 16,489.

These are Sums received at the Exchequer subsequent to the Period at which the respective Accounts were closed with the Bank, and the Balance paid, and therefore form a Part of the Public Income, in Addition to the whole Annual Sum of - £. 2,750,000.

The whole Sum raised by Way of Lottery is placed upon this - Side of the Account; the Amount of the Prizes, and of the Charges of Management, being stated as an Article of Expenditure - - £.3,758,724.

Imprest Monies, and Monies re-paid £. 820,165.

It appeared, upon Examination, that the Whole of the Sums contained in the Papers referred to under this Head were applied to the Public Service of the Years in Question, either by specific Votes, or by being carried to the Consolidated Fund, except £.100,000 paid by the East India Company in Part of the £.400,000 voted for the Supply of 1781, and £.5,000 which belonged to the Civil List. The Remainder, after deducting both these Sums, forms the Total above stated.

Monies

Appendix (F.) N* 9.

Appendix (F.) N*<. Appendix

(F.) N* 4.

Die ized by

Appendix (F.) N# i.

Appendix

CF.)N*3.

Appendix IG.) N* I.

Appendix <l.) N° 1.

Appendix <K.) N* l.

CL.) N*3-

(M.) N* l.)

31 Geo. III. 10° Man.

487

Monies in the Exchequer on the 5th

of January 1786 - £1,172,119,

which were applied to the Public Service in that and the subsequent Year, as appears by the Explanation subjoined to the Account referred to.

It appears further, that there have been applied, as Part of the Ways and Means, during this Period, the following Sums;

Arising from Army Savings - £. 1,091,147.

Raised by Way of Tontine - - - 1,002,140.

Raised by granting Short Annuities - 187,000.

Re-payment in Part of a Loan for

Foreign Secret Service - - - 34,000.

Arising from the Sale of French Prizes 3,000.

The Total Amount of the Receipts appears to have been - - £.87,832,327.

It is to be observed, that the Annual Exchequer Bills, furnishing in the Ways and Means exactly the same Sum by which they increase the Charge on the Supply, are omitted on both Sides of the Account.

The First great Article of Expenditure, is the Interest and Charges of the Public Debt; and it appears that there has been issued from the Exchequer, during the last Five Years, under that Head, the Sum of - - - - £46,187,010.

The Charges upon the Aggregate and Consolidated Funds have been, on Account of the Civil f List £. 4,481,000.

\ And upon sundry other Accounts - 474,751.

The Sums granted by Parliament (exclusive of the Armament of 1790) for the Service of the Navy, have been.....£. 11,649,539.

Of the Army ----- 9,639,626.

And of the Ordnance - - 2,308,344.

The Expences incurred under the Name of Miscellaneous Services, include a Variety of Articles of different Descriptions, and among them some of those which have been already stated as appearing on both Sides of the Account; your Committee, therefore, have thought proper to distinguish them under several Heads.

It has been already observed, that the Deficiencies of Land and Malt are Annually stated as Articles of Expenditure, and would be inserted on this Side of the Account; and the Manner in which they arise has been sufficiently explained. It must, however, further be remarked, that the Ways and Means are usually opened to Parliament, and the Committee of Supply closed,.some Months before the Accounts with the Bank, relative to the Exchequer Bills issued upon the Credit of those Duties, are actually settled. This Deficiency, therefore, is then only stated upon Calculation; and, as its real Amount, whatever it may prove, must be paid out of the Supplies of the Current Year, it follows, that if it should turn out more than the Calculation, if would be One Cause of a Deficiency in the Whole of the Grants for that Year. If it should be less, it would either occasion a Surplus of those Grants, or diminish by so much any Deficiency which might arise from other Causes.

The Sum stated by your Committee is not the Estimated, but the Actual Deficiency of Land and Malt; and, as this is in Part occasioned by the Expence of the Militia, the Whole of which is paid out of the Land Tax before it comes into the Exchequer, no separate Charge is made for that Branch of Service in this Statement of the Account.

The Sums stated under the Head of Interest and Charges of Exchequer Bills, in the Paper referred to, are the Amount of the Interest paid out of the Supplies in each Year respectively, upon Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of Acts passed in the preceding Year. Vol. 46.

As it has been the constant Practice not to make any Report on Provision for this Interest before-hand, eithfer a Part or the Whole of this Expence (according to the Excess or deficiency of the Ways and Means, compared with the other Charges upon the Supplies) is thrown upon the Year subsequent to that in which it is actually paid, and appears Annually under the Head of Deficiency of Grants. From what has been just observed it follows, that, in Addition to the Charges incurred during the last Five Years, and stated in this Account as the Interest of Exchequer Bills, any Sum which was paid in the Year 1786, to make good the Deficiency of Grants in 1785, must be inserted amongst the Expences defrayed out of the Ways and Means of that Period.

It appears equally evident, that any Sums voted under foe Head of Deficiency of the Grants of any of the succeeding Years, must be omitted in this Statement of the Account, as all the Services of each Year (including what is paid for the Interest of Exchequer Bills, and for the Deficiency of Land and Malt, as above explained) are stated at their full Amount, under their proper Heads, as Articles of Expenditure.

It is necessary, however, here to observe, that the Interest of Exchequer Bills, paid in 1790, will be provided for in 1791, under the Head of Deficiency of Grants of the preceding Year, and will account for a Difference, to that Amount, between the apparent Receipt and Expenditure of the whole Five Years.

Having premised these Remarks, your Committee Appendix proceed to state the Deficiencies of Land and Malt (°,) N° 1. at.....£ 2,033,764.

The Deficiency of Grants of the (O.) N* 1.

Year 1785, at - - - - £. 127,138.

And foe Interest and Charges of (°) N# i.

Exchequer Bills issued on foe Credit of foe Supplies, at - - - £. 914,144.

The Amount of the Prizes in the Lotteries of foe (O.) N° 1. several Years, and of the Charges attending them, has been - - - - £. 2,546,032,

and requires no particular Explanation.

The Expence incurred upon those Articles of Mis- »-cellaneous Services, which were expressly stated by foe former Committee, has been - - £.507,580.

Other Miscellaneous Articles, consisting principally (O.) N° 1. of incidental or temporary Demands, have amounted

to -.....£ 929>676.

The Total Expence occasioned by the Relief of foe American Loyalists, appears to have been £. 1,336,377.

Your Committee have omitted a Sum of £. 33,890 for foe Purchase of Lands at sundry Places, as it is included in the Ordnance Account They have also thought proper to leave out in this Place a Sum of £. 112,101, stated as the Deficiency of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th Day of January 1789, being the Sum which was then wanted to compleat the Quarterly Issue to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and which w’as defrayed out of the Supplies of that Year; because the Sum of £.4,750,000, which is inserted below, is the full Amount of all the Quarterly Issues under this head, and consequently includes, as a Part thereof, the Sum of £.112,101, above stated.

The whole Produce of the Appropriated Duties having been comprehended in the Total Produce of the Taxes, such Part of it as has been applied to foe Services to which they were appropriated, and which-do not appear in this Statement of the Account, must be considered as an Article of Expenditure: This has Appendix been - - - - £.231,935. (p-)N*i.

The

Appendix (W.) N#4.

Appendix (W.) N® 5.

Appendix W.) N® 6.

Appendix (W.) N®7-

(W.) N* 6.

10° Mali:

A. 1791.

1790, to make! up iVhat hact been granted as the

growing Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, up to the

5 th of 1791, to defray the Services included on the other Side of the Account.

And a further Sum of - 207,728, (W.) N*5«

„ . under the Head of Deficiency of Grants of 1700, being

al Expence, under all these Heads, amounts by which the Whole of thJe Ways and , Means

*'els,!1 ,91 . for the Service of that Year falls short of defraying the But the Total Receipt for the last Five Years is Expences incurred in the Course of it.

The Total will then be - - 62,903,51*).

The Amount of the Grants for the same Period appears to have been - - - £. 62,903,519.

The Sum issued to the Commissioners for discharging the National Debt, has been, as above stated - - - 4,75°>000>

exclusive of what they have received from the Interest of Stock bought, or of Annuities expired or fallen in.

The Total to -

stated to have been only - - £. 87,832,327.

To this will be to be added (for Reasons already explained) the Amount of the Deficiency of Grants for 1790, which remains to be defrayed out of the Ways and Means of 1791 - - 207,728.

The Total, applicable to the Expences of the Five Years, will then appear to have been 88,040,055.

There will then be left unaccounted for a Sum of - - - - £. 76,861,

The Difference between the Totals, which may be supposed to arise only from Fractions, may be entirely overlooked.

§ 1,$.

Your Committee, desirous of ascertaining in what Manner the Difference between the Receipt and

by which the Disbursement will have exceeded the Expenditure, as first stated, has arisen, by all the Means

a . 1* 1 1 a a* 1 r . I 1 I A1___ 1 _.1 4._ __________: 4.1

Amount of the several Articles of Receipt which it has been possible in this Statement to ascertain.

It would certainly have been more satisfactory if the Totals now drawn up had been found to tally with perfect Accuracy. It must however be recollected, that the Accounts referred to your Committee include a Period when the Revenue was incumbered with a Variety of minute Appropriations: And, although the

which occurred to them, proceeded to examine the Disposition Papers of each Year; and have taken the Surplusses of the Sinking and Consolidated Funds (as before) for each Quarter, from the 5th of April 1786 to the 5th of January 1791, both inclusive; deducting only the Sums carried to them to make good the Annuity Funds, which do not appear as Articles of Expenditure.

As these Surplusses arise after defraying the Interest

Change made, by1 the Consolidation Act, in the Course of |he Pub|ic *Del.t, the Annual Millfon, the Civil rad Practice of the Exchequer has simplified he Lis, and other , Charges „ ,hese

Accounts since the Time when it took Place, yet the Fund the who|e of*^hich lnu8t hav6e paid a3

the.f°,rme.r System has probably rendered b d a, ,he Expiration of each Quarter,

it difficult precisely to ascertain the Sums brought be^re Sarplus cou|d be’ applied ,0 lhe Current forward, under different Heads, from an antecedent the y it u evideDt>2;at Total Income

Pf°d 1 "nd t*1? Dlfficu.Uy n»yb« supposed to have ;manent T and olher Artid

been m some Measure increased by the Interval of du[i ,hKb Period to th(. sinking and Co„soli-

Time which has now elapsed since that System was dated ^„d emust bate exceeded the Amount of those

altered.

§ 14.

In order, however, to throw still further Light upon this Part of the Subject, your Committee have thought proper to add a brief Statement of the Account in a different Point of View.

For this Purpose they have stated as the Income, the several Surplusses of the Sinking and Consolidated Funds, as they stood at the End of each Quarter, from

Surplusses by a Sum equal to the Amount of the Charges

above enumerated.

Adding, therefore, to these Surplusses, the Charges

above stated — the Amount paid out of the Appro- -

priated Duties for the Purposes to which they are

respectively appropriated — the Sums separately voted

as the Ways and Means of each Year, exclusive of the

Principal of the Annual Exchequer Bills — the Sum

lL all c a !. oc a al av. c rwanted, on the 31st of December 1700, to complete the

foe 5th of Apnl 1786, to the jth1 of January 1791, Total for whicbJtbe growing Surplus had been taken,

both inclusive; and such farther Sums as appear in r j*;/ ,-7., onri Jr 4

thp Ways and Means nf narh Ypar taken from thp UP *° °* "Pri*' 1791 anc* Deficiency of Appendix

the Ways and Means ot each Year, taken troin the Graiits 17q0; the Total will be - £. 88,116,918. (W)N0*

Accounts laid Annually before Parliament, shewing ,v

how the Money given for the Service of each Year In order to examine the Expenditure in a similar

respectively has been disposed of The Expenditure Manner, Your Committee have taken the Totals, is composed of such Sums as have been charged in stated in the Disposition Papers, as granted by Parlia-each Year, in consequence of the Grants of Parliament, ment, as the whole Amount of the Supplies; deducting excluding only (for Reasons above stated) such as only the Principal of the Annual Exchequer Bills — have been voted in 1787, 1788,' 1789, and 1790, the Deficiencies of the Annuity Funds — the Deficiencies under the-Head of Deficiencies of the Grants of the of Grants for every Year, except 1785 — and the Years respectively preceding. In this Manner of Deficiency of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th of stating the Account, no Notice is taken, on either January 1789.

Side, of the fixed Charges upon the Income, or of To this they have added the Interest of the Public the Revenue by which they are defrayed; but the Debt — the Charges on the Aggregate and Consoli-Principal of the Annual Exchequer Bills, and the dated Funds, including the Civil List — the Quarterly Deficiencies of the Annuity Funds, are included on both Payments to the Commissioners for discharging the Sides. These Deficiencies were Sums which, prior National Debt — and the Produce of the Appropriated to the Consolidation Act, were Annually made good, Duties, as above stated; being Articles of Expence out of the Sinking Fund, to the various other Funds which are not included in the Annual Grants of

Parliament.

The Total of these Sums appears, by the Papers referred to, to be - 88,116,926. Appendix

(W.) N®«.

Which agrees almost exactly with the whole Amount of the Expenditure, already stated in a different Manner; and is an additional Proof, that there can be no Error, which deserves Notice, on this Side of the being the Sum wanting, on the 31st Day of December Account.

appropriated to the payment of particular Annuities, and replaced to that Fund out of the Supplies of the subsequent Years.

It appears by the Table referred to, that the whole Receipt for the last Five Years (so stated) has been

£62,519,440.

To which must be added - - £. 176,347,

National

Debt.

Appendix (X.) N* i.

(F.) N° 3. (F.) N* 3.

Appendix (X.) N* a. (K.) N* 1.

31 Geo. III. 100 Mail 489

The Coincidence between the Income and Expenditure, as here stated, sufficiently proves that the Difference which appeared in the former Statement must have proceeded from the Omission of Sums, to the Amount of that Difference, on the Receipt Side; and the Cause from which such an Inaccuracy may be supposed to have arisen, has already been mentioned.

referred to them, by comparing the State of the Debt on Report on the 31st of December 1785 with that of the 31st of De- .

cember 1789; and, by deducting from this Increase the Sura of £. 200,000 voted by Parliament,

It would then stand at - - - £.457,950.

The Deficiency of the Grants of 1790, which falls Appendix upon the Revenue of 1791, is - - ,£.207,728. (W.) N° 5.

III. NATIONAL DEBt.

Your Committee find, that there has been applied to the Discharge of the Public Debt, during the Period referred to them, a Sum of - - £. 4,750,000,

arising from the Quarterly Payments directed by Parliament; and a further Sum of - - £. 674,592,

arising from the Interest of Stock bought, and of Annuities expired or fallen in: Making together a Sum of.....£ 5,424,592.

The only Increase of the Funded Debt, during the same Period, which is to be set against the above Decrease, has been occasioned by a Loan raised by Annuities, with the Benefit of Survivorship.

The Capital so raised was - - £. 1,002,140.

A further Sum of £.187,000 was raised by Short Annuities in 1789, of which £. 34,000 has been since repaid. But as this Loan, which was intended to replace a Sum advanced for Foreign Secret Service, is to be repaid by Installments, in such Proportions as will be equal to the Sums necessary for discharging both the Principal and Interest, by the Time at which the above-mentioned Annuities are to determine, it did not appear to your Committee of a Nature to be stated as an Increase of the National Incumbrances.

In comparing the outstanding Debt of the Navy, on the 31st of December 1785, and on the 31st of De-

cember 1790, there appears to have been an Increase of £ 105,530.

On the 31st of December 1789, there had been an Increase of £. 657,950. But in the Year 1790, a Sum of £. 200,000 was granted by Parliament towards discharging this Debt, and has been included in the Statement of the Expences of the Five Years; which would have reduced the Increase to £. 457,950.

Your Committee think it necessary to remark, that, from Information received from the Navy Board, the apparent Decrease which has taken Place in the Year 1790, beyond what can be accounted for by the Grant of £. 200,000, appears to have been in Part occasioned by the Circumstances attending the late Armament, and the Sums voted for defraying it

Credit has been taken, in making up this Account, for so much of those Sums as was intended to replace the' Stores delivered out in the Course of the last Year, which apparently diminishes the Debt, till that Service has been fully performed. Some of the Works proposed in the extra Estimate of 1790 having been necessarily suspended, in consequence of the Exertions for the Armament, left a Part of the Sum voted on that Estimate applicable, in the Course of that Year, to the Reduction of the Debt

A further Sum arose from the Additional Expence of the Armament having been stated as including the Purchase of Hemp and other Articles, which, although immediately necessary for the Extraordinary Preparations then made, are stated to have been in Fact defrayed out of the Grants of Parliament for the current Service of the Navy. Your Committee, therefore, having Reason to believe that the great apparent Decrease of the Debt during the last Year would have proved only Temporary (even if the Navy had continued this Year upon the usual Establishment) have thought proper to state the Increase of the Period

Vol. 4*6.

But the Deficiency of Grants of 1785, which was defrayed out of the Income of 1786, was only £. 127,138.

The Difference, therefore, must be added to the Increase of the Debt in the whole Period, and makes a Sum of - - - - £. 80,590.

There appears by the Ordnance Account to have been, on the 5th of January 1791, a Sum due, for Articles not provided for by Parliament, amounting to.....- - £.61,909.

which has been since voted, and must be considered as a Part of the Debt incurred in the Five Years preceding.

The whole Excess of the Sum applied to the Discharge of the Public Debt, beyond those by which it has been increased (during the last Five Years) appears to have been, according to the above Statement, .....£. 3,822,003,

The Amount of the unfunded Debt arising from the Exchequer Bills annually issued by the Authority of Parliament upon the Credit of the Supplies, is £. 5,500,000, being the same as at the Commencement of this Period, exclusive of those issued in Consequence of the late Armament, which are charged upon Taxes appropriated to that Purpose, and not included in the Statement of the future Income of the Countiy.

The Amount of the Exchequer Bills Annually issued on the Credit of the I and and Malt, which are now outstanding, is not stated by your Committee as a Part of the unfunded Debt, because Money applicable to the Discharge of those Bills is constantly in a Course of Collection, and no other Charge is occasioned by them to the Public, except the Annual Interest, which is already stated as a Part of the future Expenditure.

It is further to-be observed, that, in the Year 1786, the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund was taken up to the 5th of April 1787, which included the Surplus of Five Quarters, and appears to have been for the Time an Anticipation, to a certain Extent, of the Revenue of the subsequent Year; and that the growing Produce of the Sinking and Consolidated Funds has, since that Time, been taken from April to April. The Surplus of the Consolidated Fund had produced, on the 31st of December 1790 (being the Day on which the Account of tfyat Fund was made up) within £. 176,347 of the whole Sum for which it had been taken, up to the 5th of April 1791. This Sum, therefore, was, on the 31st of December 1790, all that remained of the Amount of that Anticipation. Your Committee having called for an Account of the Produce of the Taxes from that Day to the 5th of January 1791, find that it amounted to £. 200,468.

If, therefore, the Balance had been struck upon the Consolidated Fund Account on the 5th of January in 1791, as was done in 1786 (instead of so many Days earlier than usually happens in the Course of the Exchequer) the Produce of the Three last Quarters would have been rather more than sufficient to make good the whole Charge on the growing Produce of that Fund for the Supplies of the Year 1790, without any Anticipation.

Your Committee beg Leave also to remaik, that an Alteration was made with respect to the Time of Payment of certain Annuities, by an Act of the Twenty-

6 I sixth

Appendix (OA N° 1.

Appendix (M.) N* 1.

Appendix (0.) N 1.

Appendix (W.) N* 6.

Appendix

(D.)N-3.

«6 g. m.

c. 34.

490 10"

Appendix sixth of His present Majesty, One Quarter was paid (G.) N# i. on 10^j of Qct0ber 1780, and the future Payments were directed to be made Half Yearly, on die 5th of April, and the 10th of October. By this Change the , Public availed itself, in that Year, of the Amount of One Quarterly Payment upon these Annuities, which would have been payable on the 5th of January 1787 (in Addition to that issued on the' 10th of which Quarter was not afterwards to be paid till the 5th of April 1787; and, on the other Hand, the Public became bound, for the future, to pay, on every 5th of April, Half a Year’s Interest, being in Fact an Advance of One Quarter, which would not otherwise have been payable till the 5th of July following. The Result of this is, that, on the 5th Day of January 1791, there had been paid, upon the Whole, One Quarter less, on Account of the Interest of these Annuities, than would have been issued if the above-mentioned Alteration had not taken Place.

It is further to be observed, that the Abolition of all the distinct Appropriations, and the charging all the Quarterly Issues for the Interest of the Public Debt on One General Fund, to which all the Permanent Taxes are carried, has produced the Effect of making the whole Amount of the Revenue in the Exchequer applicable, at the End of each Quarter, to the Dis-

Mali. 1791.

charge of the Demands then existing; whereas, under the former System, that Part of the Revenue which consisted of Taxes distinctly appropriated to the Payment of the Interest of particular Annuities, could only be applied to the Half Yearly Payments on those Annuities; in consequence of which, there remained, at the Expiration of each Quarter, certain Sums of this Description useless, till the Expiration of a subsequent Quarter.

The Capital Stock bought by the Commissioners for discharging the National Debt, up to the 1st Day of Februai'y 1791 (being the Day on which they made up their Accounts of the Application of the Sums issued in Appendix the preceding Year) was - - £ 6,772,350. (Y.) N° 1.

The Annual Interest of the same is £. 203,170.

To this must be added the present Amount of the Appendix Annuities expired or fallen in, which appears to be 00 N* 2.

£51.634-

Both together make a Sum of - £ 254,804.

which is at this Time an Addition to the Million Annually applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, resulting from the Adoption of the Plan for that Purpose, and now increasing at Compound Interest.

ABSTRACT of the several Articles of the Public RECEIPT and EXPENDITURE.

RECEIPT:

(a) Permanent Taxes -

Land and Malt -

EXPENDITURE:

Interest and Charges of the Public Debt -Exchequer Bills - - .

Civil last -

Charges on Consolidated Fund

Navy ——

Army ——

Ordnance ——

Militia . -

Miscellaneous Services -

Appropriated Duties - -

Annual Million -

£ 13,472.286

2,558,000 ----- ----- --- 16,030,286

£9.3! 7,972

260.000

898.000

105,385

2.000. 000 1,748,842

375.000

95,3H

128,416

40,252

1.000. 000 15,969,178

Balance - - - £ 61,108

(a) Calculated upon the Average Produce of the Three last Years, and exclusive of any additional Allowance for the Taxes imposed in 1789, or for the Increase upon Tobacco.

APPENDIX.

APPENDIX.

o

o

o

0*

rT

o

Appendix (A.) N*. 1.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes paid into the Exchequer, under the Heads of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, from the 6th Day of January 1786

to the 5th Day of January 1791, both inclusive; distinguishing the Produce of each Year.

C3

O

w

o

CUSTOMS -4 and { PER CENT. EXCISE STAMPS -

INCIDENTS:

Salt, 5th April 1759 -

Add1 D% 10th May 1780 -

D°, - 22d June 1782 -

£700 per Week Letter Money, 1st June 1711

£. 2,300 per D* -.....1784

Seizures A# 1760 ——

Proffers -I)*

Fines of Leases, D* -

Alum Mine, D* ——

Compositions, D* -

Alienation Duty, Defines and Forfeitures, D*

Rent of a Light House, D* -

Letter Money, D° -

6d. per Lib. on Pensions, 24th June 1721

is. Deduct, on Salaries, 5th April 1758 -

Houses and Windows, 10th October 1766

Houses, 5th April 1778 -

Hawkers and Pedlars, 5th July 1710

D° - -.....1785

Hackney Coaches, 1st Aug’1711 -D°.....1784 -

From 6th Day of January f 1786 to 5th January 1787. roin the 6th January to the 5th January 1788 i7*7l Vom the 6th January 1788 ] to the 51b January 1789. From the 6th January 1789 1 to the 5th January 1790. From the 6th January 1790 to the 5th January 1791.

4,040,835 12 2f 3,682,161 4 5 3,767,359 4 3 3,648,961 6 6 3,765,2 33 17 3 1

22,478 15 — 32,315 18 1 25,594 18 7} 23,048 19 3 19,740 2 10

- 5,53L"4 6 10 I 6,225,627 n 3 6,150,119 8 2 6,551.105 16 9 7,154,735 2 9 i

1,181,464 11 10 J 1,182,060 16 1,270,594 17 11 1,237,5*8 17 2 1,332,530 13 3

241,853 4101 80,461 10 5

60,463 3 7 21,615 7 3 -

- 62,954 — & 22,183 13 9

- 36,400 13,300 — —

- 119,600 43,700 — —

4,442 14 7 5,429 13 9 19,424 10 3 20,767 3 11 14,897 5 — i

635 16 11 661 9 2 580 3 10 i 623 13 11 624 1 2

6,073 15 4 6,676 6 4 140 — —

960 960 — — 960 960 — — 960 — —

2 10 — 2 13 4 7 10- 6 3 4 3 16 8

1,351 15 4 2,433 15 4 3,091 12 — 2,023 2 — 2,767 5 4

- 105 1,400 — 1,891 11 71 - - 40 — —

6 13 4 156 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4

95,000 93,000 — — 160,000 164,000 — — 196,000 — —

- 53,3oo — — 41,100 — — 45,585 45,760 — — 44,440 —

20,410 16 6| 32,102 6 3 43,354 — ’ 4s 36,375 15 9i 47,135 15 4

- 414,050 13 2 f 411,021 19 2 i 383,355 3 2 427,717 — — i 360,651 17 9 f

125,470 — 10 i 140,081, 5 11 i 124,089 1 ui 157,133 6 4i 123,970 14 4

- 1,925 i,554 7 10 I 2,320 2,836 11 5 4,169 1 8 i

- 2,070 13 11 1,488 13 11 — — — >

- 9,324 8 11 13,219 15 4 9,600 4 4 11,700 — — 12,700 —

n,979 14,269 — 11,552 4 4 13.000 — 15,000

o

o

JV <*.

o

Appendix (A) No. i. — continued.

First Fruits of the Clergy Salt, 1st August 1785 -Tenths of the Clergy -Male Servants, A® 1785 Female D® - - D® -

Four Wheel Carriages, D*

Two Wheel D® - - D® Horses -

Waggons -

Carts - -

Shops - -

Houses and Windows 1727 Male Servants 1777 (Arrears) Consol. Letter Money, A® 1787 D® - - Salt D® -Houses and Windows, A® 1726

D®

D®

D®

D®

18

Total of Incidents in each Year - -

Total of Customs, and f per Cent., Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, in each Year ——

From 6th Day of January 1786 to 5th January 1787. From the 6th January 1787 to the 5th January 1788. From the 6th January 1788 to the 5th January 1789. From the 6th January 1789 to the 5th January. 1790. From the 6th January 1790 to the 5 th January 174*1.

M13 9 3 5,164 2 10 4,38016 n 3,937 5 — 4,587 1 10

12,000 — — 9,903 14 10f 3,000 9,893 16 4 9,9°3 12 2 19>550 5 1 i 10,014 18 5

64,586 18 6 i 97,912 — 6 i 93,068 2 9 103,558 19 2 i 88,929 7 —

19,061 19 — 33,994 6 8 30,740 13 4 36,881 4 U 28,464 510

86,347 14 1 134,512 13 10 124,977 9 — 149,148 11 1 141,055 15

18,595 16 8} 30,046 19 10 f 26,419 14 2 I 34,394 4 31 29,803 3 1 i

72,448 — 6 { 110,885 1 9 i 108,067 7 1 £ H4,745 3 21 98,621 6 — £

8,446 l8 2f 18,530 15 2 19,683 3 8 23,472 8 8 14,596 11 4

4887 11,191 12 7 £ 64,265 1 1 10,909 19 i £ 11,910 3 1 f 9*734 16 1

32,796 6 7 46,795 18 3* 58,649 13 11 6,143 18 8

773 10 3 20 19 — 82 — 91 2 17 4 6 m m 410 —

- 99,000 156,000 — — 159,000 156,000

235,669 7 2} 357,063 17 4 374,047 1 1 £ 389,417 19 1

- - - 229 1 10

1,613,661 15 2 1,800,969 7 5 1,793,974 9 4 i 1,972,433 11 7 1,800,739 3

12,389,555 1 1 i 12,923,13417 2 13,007,642 18 41 13,433,068 11 3 14,072,978 19 7*

to

9

o

cq'

N

CD

Q_

CT

O

Exchequer, the 21st Day of March 1791.

Robert Jennings.

<1

to

Appontlla (A.) N* 9.

rintf nf Tammfv ViotVi

D

(Q

l-h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

c

o>

Appendix (A.) N* 9.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs, from the 6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1701 both inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to £. 1,000, or more. ’

SPECIES OF GOODS.

Ashes, Pearl -

----- -- Pott

Barrilla ..... Beads, Coral -

Brimstone -Bristles, Undress’d Carpets, Turkey -Copper unvvro' -Cork -Corn, Oats ----- - Wheat

'Almonds, Bitter Aloes Cicotrina Cortex Peru Gingsang -Gum Guiaci & I Jallap -2 Juniper Berries

Quicksilver, not E. India Saccarum Saturni -Senna -

Succus Liquoritiae -Verdi grease -

Elephants Teeth -Feathers for Beds -Glass Plates -

8

o

o

Almonds, Sweet -Capers -

Cinnamon, not E. India Cloves, not E. India Coffee, not E. India Cocoa -Currants -

Figs -. Ginger -

\ Mace, not E. India Nutmegs, not E. India -Pimento -

Prunes -

1786:

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Management, See.

i,7.r)0

18,260

574

8, S '>4

3>3

i,3»9

93

3,4/8

3.727

Gi99

692

3.93°

2C0

120

4,c>99

5'3o

5,208

1,558

1,855

3,088

5,77°

827

950

59

13,434

2,103

79,668

2,534

2,’ 33«

15 —

5 10

6 3

19 9

2 8

13 11

10 3

15 6

6 6

1 11

9 6

5 4

12 —

2 —

19 9

17 3

9 7

4 6

6 5

3 3

11 6

7 6

2

9 4

8

16 3

10 6

8 4

7 4

14 11

2 —

16 2

14 1

1787:

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Management, Stc.

2,368 18 11

1 >936 9 4

22,300 3 10 48 10 4 13,160 19 10

3,822 18 9

1,643 10 4,452 1

3.533 18

3,797 9 1,434 4

1,549 2

3

3

4

6

3

6

6,384 13 — 2,021 18 —

1,853 — 6

814 13 — 3,133 13 2 2,594 14 1 2,006 11 — i,593 11 6 4,474 1 —

U074 — 3

1,960 2 11 3,922 18 10

4,713

731

2

8

li

786 19 10 420 5 4 14,842 3 — 2,434 16 3 64,867 17 4 3-623 5 7

I>112 17 5

926 15 —

1,714 16 — 4»i88 7 1

1788

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Management, &c.

920 15 1 f

792 8 6*

20,942 19 8

10,290

4,121

1,617

i,94o

4,736

3,231

2,820

1,136

1.018

3.019

2,595

1,109

871

2,127

2A99

1,936

2,996

5,5io ,550

2,816

4,278

5,496

3,407 913 705 1,169 16,884 138 6i,973

3,322

3,413

1,296

1,847

3,775

4,546

2 4

18 2

17

19

3

4

— 4 i

13 5I

6

16

7

3 4

2

3

18 7 11 1

18

1

6

2

10 10 *

16 6

19 9 13 6

4 1

18 3

Q 10 6 2* 10 8 *

13 2 *

10 10

14 10

11 11 16 5

4 11 *

19 3

10 8 *

9 4

8 9 4 3

11 10

15 2

1789:

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Management, &c.

79°

732

26,407

320

3,124

4,175

1,892

2,460

5,040

3,353

2,073

314

450

1,839

1,354

17 —

n n

10 9*

15 3

6 -i

11 6 *

13 9

14 10*

7 7 1

5,150

4,686

2,185

653

739

668

15,062

1,17*

69,936

6,710

186

1,125

1,318

7,010

1,944

5 — I 16 8*

19 — i 8 6 12 2 *

16 6*

CA

h — *

O

M

Net Produce, subject to ibe ® Payment of Bounties, Management, &c.

1790:

1,648 9 — 1,748 12 u 48,787 15 1 *

9,484 19 3,228 1

1,180 7

5,552 19 3,782 3

2*

2*

3 f

4

2 nf 5,885 18 n i

4 4i 4,924 4 7 i

9 — t 734 11 1 f O

1 4 705 12 4 O

12 n f 3,599 11 3

19 8 i,425 4 3 !S

- - 164 — 3* a

6 3 559 ip 9 *»

»9 1 1,574 — — i

6 6 1,018 4 11 f

15 5 2,481 3 11

14 8 982 1 5

6 3 5,783 15 3*

10 — 1,594 1 —

19 9i 2,339 11 4 i

8 n f 6,960 1 1 *

14 10* 6,008 7 ll *

7 Pi 4,996 6 10*

9 9f 449 19 7

15 5 836 5 11

15 1 748 14 10

15 iof 18,177 7 3 i

6 10 1,478 14 4*

12 5 61,373 19 1

4,238

7/2

1,412

2,152

8,951

6,547

3

2

7

8*

1 8

10 1 I

8 7

18 1

IIS

to

Appendix (/

SPECIES OF GOODS.

1786:

Net Produce, subject to the Expences of Bounties, Management, 4c.

Raisins, Denia

----- -- Lexia

----- --- Lipari

----- --- Smyrna

- Solis

Rice -.Sugar, Brown

Hair, Horse

---- Human

Hats, Chip -

----- Straw -

Hemp, Rough Hides, Losh Incle, Wrought Iron, Bar -Kelp -

Lemons and Oranges

/Cambricks Canvass Heasens -

----- -- Spruce

Damask Sil4Tablf -Diaper Sil* Napk*

----- --Russia, Broad

Germany, Narrow / Lawns, French

----- --Sil* Holl4, Whit"

— ----- - not Holl4, Whit4

Russia bd, above 22 f

----- ---- above 31 f

----- ---- above 36

----- ---- Drilling

----- ---- Narrow

----- ----- Towelling

Mntts, Russia Molasses -Metal, Leaf Nuts, Small Oil, Ordinary.

----- Sallad

----- Train

Paper, Fools Cap Pitch

14,7*2

5,370

3,954

6,051

17,731

7,883

929,635

1,501

1,532

9,339

2,004

49,221

1,432

2,544

130,203

842

9,976

11

6

3

16

17

6

8

10

15

13 1

1

18

2

14 17

10,851

9,592

i, H3

529

254

40,449

11 16

9

10

7

4

9

11

10

2

6

7

11 1

8

4

3 9

5

6

4

8 10 ‘4 9

3 5

5,755 9 6 1,251 4 9 12,227 7 11

1,673 18 4

6,693 7 6 4,962 13 10 5,639 13 5 2 17 ~

1,516 9 2 320 11 —

380 ——

i,597 10 2 16,444 1 7 3,345 19 1 5,829 — 8 920 4 — 393 7 —

K* 2. — continued

H

3 ®

1788:

Net Produce, subject to the Ex peaces of Bounties, Management, dec.

1789:

Net Pro *uce, subject to the Expence* of Bounties, Management, Ate.

1790

Net Produce, subject to the Expences of Bounties, Management, See.

1787:

Net Produce, subject to the Expences of Bounties, Management, &c.

25,172 *7 9 4,209 16 — 13,278 16 3 8,326 5 9 24,299 3 10

9.016 7 5

1,065,109 13 11

650 5 6

1.769 14 6

5,339 *5 — 270 16 — 67,9!6 9 5

J,37 -

2,937 15 10 122,924 9 10 2,812 6 2 11,287 8 6

14,902 1 2

22,551 17 6 12,897 7 6 f

2.016 15 2

965 8 4 761 4 io$

43,»29 4 1 i

1.769 8 —

17,850 18 7 2,957 5 6 11,39° 1 n i 3,396 4 1 7,470 2 —

7 611

1,021 1 11

J20 19 3

412 ——

1,169 3 — 13,118 14 4 4,283 8 9 6,068 16 — 870 10 — 565 3 —

13,963 17 5

7,977 9 6 i

5,069 10 5

3.775 15 —

7,146 10 5

8,885 9 9i

,184,458 15 2

858 5 2

1,457 8 —

3,021 15 8

753 7 7

100,280 — 1

1,753 15 10

2,913 9 5 i

135,419 18 11

2,238 — 41

9,999 10 1 *

7,966 19 8

12,609 2 2

8,482 6 2 i

1,760 15 3

430 5 11

225 7 3

28,009 3 — *

1,067 13 —

141 1 4

24,061 — . 8

2,266 5 7 1

12,048 14 1 *

4,296 11 4*

7,479 19 9i

2,089 ly n

1,403 3 51

2,532 18 1

1,107 10 4

2,005 6 6

10,965 4 1 i

5,695 19 8 f

9,909 4 7

1,014 19 11

396 12 6

31,464 5 4 t

4,995 — 4*

3,882 5 8

16,702 12 9i

3,346 1 4

095,106 2 5i

1,125 18 —

1,884 3 6

2,084 4 2f

898 4 2!

82,551 19 11

1,023 13 2

3,280 11 1 i

128,475 — 4i

1,671 3 81

10,151 18 6

n,43i 3 9

17,503 12 7 i

9.058 5 3 x

1,017 18 10

334 10 6

97 — 11

33,585 5 — i

4i7 7 6

360 19 4

25,871 16 6i

2,882 11 ioi

14,087 18 6!

5,802 14 6 i

7,188 18 7 1

881 3 9*

1,655 8 6 i

406 17 3

1,248 16 8f

12,091 8 4

2,687 4 7

9»58i 19 8

1,667 18 —

446 14 3 £

16,038 4 71 8,708 6 81

6.382 12 61

3,062 2 9 i

18,989 18 — f 10,650 6 10 i

1,069,108 2 3i

1,322 13 1 2,122 6 —

2.201 6 1

735 9 3

105,713 14 2{

1,081 16 8 3, H5 3 5 124,114 16 4 2,766 6 8

10,016 14 6 f

12,041 — 10 18,508 5 2

9459 !5 3 1,967 16 9 642 3 4 214 16 10 f

39-177 i« 4i 926 11 —

12 12 10

28,296 2 6

2,847 7 — 9,9°2 - if 2,370 7 0 i 4,599 19 6 1,304 9 5 i

1.202 1 ill

99 8 8

2,010 4 6 17,028 13 8 i 6,044 3 2

9.383 12 71

1,318 13 1

745 15 — i

404 10" Mail. A. 1791.

1

g

eg'

r-h

n‘

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

Salt....

Seeds, Clover -

gf Silk, Raw, not E. India -r — Thrown, not E. India £ — Wrought, riot E. India

& Smalts....

Spirits, Brandy -

----- --Geneva -

— ----- Rum -

''Bear, Black -Calf, Tanned -

C/3

----- Raw -

Deer, in Hair -

---- Indian, half drest -

Goat, Tanned Kid, in Hair -

----- drest -

Martin -Mink -Otter -Seal -

Wolf -

Soap, Hard -

Stones, Blocks of Marble -Tar -Tapes, Open -Thread, Sisters Tobacco, Brazil

----- -- Manufactured

Tow -

Turpentine, Common Wax, Bees -

a5

c

French -Port Rhenish . Spanish

r

v

Battens

Deals

Deal Ends -Lathwood -Masts

Oak Plank -Pailing Boards Scaleboards Staves Timber, Fir Wainscot Logs -

Yam, Mohair

m m - - 3.043 7 5

m m - 1.794 6 4

m - 35,2.57 10 1

- m m m 123.953 11 8

m m 3,059 9 6

m - 0,745 12 4

* m - 26,939 —

- - 2,175 18 7

m 27,729 13 —

- - - 2,20.5 15 —

- 2,142 14 10

- 717 18 4

- 9.405 19 2

- - 2,384 2 3

* - 4.188 16 10

- - 1,966 17 4

- - 320 — —

- - 1,826 3 6

* - m - 6 8

- m - 466 12 5

" * - - 2,680 16 11

- 1,579 19 8

- - m - 430 6 —

- 1,204 19 —

- 4,287 10 —

" " - 568 2 11

" m - 1,966 3 6

m - 6,724 12 10

- 354,783 16 4

- 418 1 6

- - 8,855 10 11

" - 2,266 4 11

- - - - 30,012 15 11

- 404,163 6 1

" - 5,850 17 11

" 119,065 17 3:

~ m - - 5,130 — 1

" - 95,772 19 6

m -

~ ' " - i,94o — 10

" 727 1 —

" - 6,539 14 9

- 850 10 —

440 10 —

- - 1,961 17 4

m - 32,884 19 10

m - 757 6 6

m 844 7 5

2,823

509

3.786

1,368

8.786

3 93

4,214

2,362

305

*,425

261

4/6

3,138

;92

390

1,169

7,053

660

1,840

944

379,849

612

9,225

4,328

54,9 >9

3*7,217

5,502

67,828

10,917

*3,44*

2,254

3,143

8*3

4,53*

746

59°

16,446

60,752

i,9*i

8 — 12 —

18

*4

7

2

10 1

4 7

— 8

10 7

16 10

10 3

11 4

9 5 f

6 — $

4 11 £

4 1

18 1

7 —

4 —

7 *

7. 7 *5 3 6 — 14 8

— 7

9 6 3,758 *4 i*

9 25,245 *4 —

8 11 97,509 *3 8

7 2 1,242 14 9

10 9 4,947 7 6

12 5 49,839 11 11

12 1 8,713 13 8

8 4 58,343 18 1

1 — -

3 5 1,593 18 1

*9 — 2,514 18 44

1.5 34 3,100 — 10

»4 2 98 2 6

5 10 2,668 — —

6 7 3,933 — 5

1,4.17 2 44

2 4 2,384 r8 10

2 1 229 5 1 4

IO 1 166 — 1

1 10 1,608 11 5

15 3 178 3 11

1,734 16 4

2,706

1,356

5,i8i

826

*,598

2,373

439-056

2,876

3,879

4,353

29,763

327,140

3,446

78,260

*,438

110,121

3,226

2,405

957

4,050

1,106

844

11,916

59,353

3,273

*9 5

7 2 *8 91 19 11

3 4

4 4

*5 3 4 6 41

17 n 4

6 Si

11 11

6 io$

*3 3 i 2 1

8 7

5 2

7 7

18 10$

*9 4 *4 4i 7 10 *7 5 *5 7

12 — 16 10

2,471 17 7

106

5,208

23,680

32,635

*,4*5

8,614

69,064

16,260

47,0*7

708

1,409

2,576

2,609

4 34

7 51

2 94

5 4

3 — 4

8 74

7 6

3 10$

611$

1 6

14 10 1 10$ 18 2 $

3,i8i 5 —

2,777 *7 Q 973 8 9 $

74 7 10$

369 3 3$

1,813 13 1

910

1,631

4,490

349

2,169

18

408,018

711

4,603

3,4-48

18,714

368,008

3,165

67,881

10 — $

19 8$

12 2

12 6 i

— 7 4

18

5

8

5

*9 5i 12 10 $

7 9 i 6 -$ *4 2 $

12 6 $

10 4 $

12,460 7

99-897 8 3,523 4 2,466 14 1,107 *6 2,893 11 1,148 11 718 18 8,475 S 55,1/0 13 1,288 7

1,117 2

11

7

9

4$

3

5 4

1

1

4

___ I

--- S

1 i

411

3,679

31,525

179,098

1,898

9,862

64,93‘

18,717

32,968

1,333

2,749

2,73i

2,9*7

11 4 4 1 — 4 1211

9 2 64 1 4 6 4

4

34

8

5

*9

4

6

10

2

10

4

5

31

4

4,549 8 4 3.279 18 4$ 375 10 8 4

209 3 4 4 i.°39 14 5 3,i8o 7 8

747 5 3

637 15 9 2,041 »8 — 1 7,98o ia 11 $ 160 11 6

1,642 3 1

9 i 8$

0

1 $

222,191 15 1,784 5 10,323 13 5,672 13

22.942 7 4 397.421 1 5 $

3,220 8 — $ 80,225 3 9 4

10,133 u 5

112,213 *9 9 i

4,023 6 ‘3

3,046 13 4 i

945 16 5

6,006 8 7 $

i>373 in$ 75* 6 5

15,023 10 1

70,711 o 7

1,378 13 2 $

1,184 6 2

31 Geo. III. 10° J/a,7. 495

Appendix (A) N° 2. — continued.

r

D

eg;

n'

CD

Q_

CT

SPECIES OF GOODS.

Rated Goods , Unrated Goods -Muslins and Callicoes -Tea -

aS

S


V

<u

-O e£

1

o

8 1

£3 S A

''Indigo Saunders, Red -Skins, Beaver -Alum Coals Lead Tin

v Other Goods -

Coals carried Coastways ——

Remittances from the Plantations -

Of Mr. Pilkington, for Rent Cambrick Warehouse «. Money paid by Rec' General of Counties for Window Tax ——

Rec11 of Mr. Despard, for an American Schooner sold in, Honduras Bay - - -

Interest on Bonds ——

Rec* of Rec' General of Excise, on Account of Wine sold ——

Rec- of lVm MtUish, Esq. late Rec' Gen* of the Customs ——

Sundry small Articles ——

Deduct Amount of certain Articles the Drawbacks of which exceeded the Duties ——

Deduct the Amount of certain Drawbacks, which cannot be applied to the particular Articles to which they belong; namely, East India Goods, &c. in the Years 1786 and 1787, there being no separate Accounts kept in those Years of the Drawbacks paid upon such Goods ——

Total Net Produce, subject to the Deduction of the undermentioned Payments ——

1786: 1787: 1788: 1789: 1790:

Net Produce, subject to the Net Produce, subject to the Net Produce, subject to the Net Produce, subject to ths Net Produce, subject to the

Expences of Expences of Expences of Expences of Expences of

Bounties, Management, &c. Bounties, Management, &c. Bounties. Management, &c. Bounties, Management, &c. Bounties, Management,

G.Produce 337>345 2 9 G. Produce255>2^2 5 2 Vet Produce l82,266 11 11 Net Prod. 205,460 l8 i VetProd. 135,200 6

G. Produce 37>*9* 9 G. Produce 4.5> 1 95 3 4 D* 23,624 13 4 D° 21,274 17 10 i D* 32,316 10

G. Produce 284,478 8 1 G. Produce247>99^ ^4 7 D® 129,297 17 10 D* 138,660 5 61 D® 126,267 10 2 I

G. Produce 1 14> 1 84 2 7 G. Produce 134>43 ® ’ 4 D® ni,597 18 1 D® 115,812 19 41 D* 108,920 4 —

2,835 1 3 2,909 6 11 2,646 17 4 5,428 16 3 4,391 n 7

- - - - - 62 3 10

1^169 6 8 1,186 4 — 1,192 12 — 1,163 18 — 2,443

2,734 4 11 3,178 14 7 3,646 19 4 3,848 2 11 i 3,174 4 8

89,864 6 4 92,468 10 3 96,560 1 10 9L787 5 2 $ 109,214 2 —

42,216 15 6 36,317 ~ 4 32,352 7 9 42,365 9 11 f 42,752 14 3

8,141 17 6 8,223 10 5 7,724 8 — 7,58o 17 7 i 5,381 11 1 i

2,314 16 1 9,393 1 3 2,142 19 9 14,886 10 11 7,863 — 2 i

474,152 2 5 524,666 18 9 534,468 6 — 551,919 16 1 510,945 19 2 *

8,473 11 — 11,182 2 7 11,091 6 41 VI 5 to < Ox 00 HI. 10,900 13 5 i

" 147 1° —

320,499 12 6i 318,763 15 61 326^13' — 2* 329,993 12 10 i 332,199 18 11 *

- m m . 423 4 6

m — m m m 65 19 5 i 21 17 3i 1 4 5

m m m - - 1,256 10 6 384 13 7

m m m - 212 — 8

90,694 6 91 69,839 6 7 i 42,991 14 51 33,874 n 1 79,837 13 11

4,679»247 1 7 4,862,427 211} 4,723,220 15 3 4,701,87 0 11 8 4,652,197 16 —

- 25,700 — 9* *

301,565 8 6 J 351,009 18 3 f 97,470 8 — I

4,377,681 13 4,511,417 4 7 4,625>75o 7 2$ 4,676,170 10 10 4,652,197 16 —

V

a

c

o

a

2

g

eg'

r — h

N'

CD

CL

cr

o

0

<1

o

e>

DISCHARGE.

s

By Bounties - -

Over Entries, and Repaym'* on Damag* Goods Charges of Management -Portage Bills ——

Paid towards supporting the Three Supreme Courts of Justice in Scotland ——

Paid to the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, to be distributed amongst indigent Persons, in Terms of the Act of Union ——

Taid, in Part, for purchasing the Exemption of Pit-farren Coals from Duty -

Bill remitted by the Recr Gen1 of the Customs in Scotland to the llcer Gen1 of the Customs in England, which did not fall due within the Year to which it belonged ——

Paid Itinerant Preachers in Scotland ... Paid to the Sheriffs in Scotland - -

Paid to His Majesty’s High Commission' of General Assembly of the Church of Scotland -

Paid Premium on Tobacco and Tea seized and burnt ——

Paid Premium on Spirits seized and destroyed -Paid an Allowance to the Proprietors of the Rope and Sope Manufactures at Glasgow, by Act of 24th Geo. III. -

Paid Quarantine Expences -

Total Discharge

Net Produce -

Net Payments into the Exchequer, exclusive of an old Debt paid by the E. India Comp7 -Paid into the Exchequer a Debt received from the E. India Company, which arose from the Suspension of the Payment of certain Duties due out of the Produce of former Years -

1786: 1787: 00’ CO 1789: 1790:

440,419 8 - 31,823 7 348,811 2 2,000 10 -i 6J 71 1 434,430 1 1 i 25,728 18 11 I 358,700 11 5 i 1,200 10 — 461,650 u — J 47,200 11 n| 341,819 , 7 186 9 3 528,522 13 4 26,661 14 10 344,134 6 — J 194 12 8 434,421 12 4 24,012 10 7 f 367,9*7 *3 5*

16,046 5 8 { 10,000 24,000 26,500 23,500

8,200 — 4,891 13 9* m m 12,722 5 —

m m m *3,465 10 11 21,199 19 11

1,000 — 1,013 6 s* m 1,000 — - - m 14,000

- - - - 1,500 —

2,317* 4 1 1,114 — 99 4 2 i 9* 1,82912 1 348 2 9 i

2,250 — 91 16 8 352 15 10 }

853,973 1 5 i 837,577 16 1 878,594 8 8 i 953,478 17 9 883,774 1 4

3,523,708 11 7 3,673,839 8 6* 3,747,954 14 9 3,711,296 19 3} 3,768,423 14 8

3,533.232 7 7 3,641,211 6 n i 3,756,475 6 8 3,686,994 6 21 3,764,482 16 —

522,500 8 1

4,055,732 15 8

Inspector General’s Office, Custom House, London, February 25, 1791.

Thomas,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, &c.

EXPLANATION:

Prior to the Act of the 27th of His Majesty, which consolidated the Customs, &c. no Account was kept of the Drawbacks paid upon each separate Article; nor was such an Account carried into Effect until the Commencement of the Year 1789, after which Period the Drawbacks actually paid within the Year are in the Two latter Years of the above Account deducted from the Gross 4^. Receipt, in order to form the Net Produce; whereas in the Years 1786, 1787, and 1788, the Drawbacks payable upon the Quantities exported within the Year are cast and deducted from the tO Gross Receipt, in order in like Manner to form the Net Produce.

In the Years 1786 and 1787 the Gross Produce upon East India Goods imported and sold by the Company is given, there being no possible Means of ascertaining the Net Produce in-these Years; but in the Three latter Years the Net Produce is stated.

On the 5th July 1786 a Part of the Duties on Wines was transferred from the Customs to the Excise j and on the 10th October 1789, & Part of the Duties on Tobacco, viz. 9 d- per lb. was also transferred to the Excise.

31 Geo. III. 10°

Appendix (A.) N* 3.

EXC ISE — 'An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise, from the 6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791* both Days

inclusive, distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce of every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted tOj£. 1,000, or upwards.

Under what Head* paid in.

1786 to

tleer and Ale, Cyder, Per-~|

ry. Verjuice, Vinegar, lit,599,391 jy 1D1 and Mead -J

f Foreign L British

Sweets

Malt, Perpetual Hops

Candles -

Spirits

Sope, Paper, Starch,*) Printed Goods, and Wire -

Soirit f°,d ** Licence* {C°g75*_h

Coaches -Class -Plate Licences Hides and Skins, Veil, and Parch* - -

Cocoa Nuts and Coffee Tea -

Coffee, See. Licences Bricks and Tiles Fer Cent. Duties Auctions, and Auctioneers Licences Male Servants -Coachmakers Duty, and Lie* General Licences Wine -

Tobacco and Snuff, comm I ith October 17S9

Total of Perpet’ Duties Malt, Annual, Mura, Cyder, and Perry

17,834 -491,516 — 85,684 — 276,181 14

554.001 6

70,7*3 *5 4

158 16 9

93*35 ——

6,510 ——

210.549 7 6

3»o55 *1 ii 332,54* 7 4i

10,031 — —

82,457 ——

320,027 3 1

40,167 — — 22 — 6

1,992 ——

3*»737 11 10 95,111 ——

Total of England

351*44* I. 4J 503,668 — —

5>*55>»i6 12

1 r From 7 6th January 178 Total Net

ry From 6th January 1787 to i J Under what Heads paid in From 6rh Januar 1788 to , Fiom 6th January 1790 to Proauce^of each Aiticle, from

7. 5th January 1788 5th January 1789 1 1° 5th January I79< 5th January 1791- 6th January 1786 to 5 January 1791.

J. £. d. /. * *- C * <1 /. d. i 1 A.

0$ 1,761,429 l8 II fBeerandA’e - 1,674.007 — — 1,681,525 1,808,908 — — I 27,960 22,175 J 1

' s Cyder, Perry, Sc Vcrjuici s 13842 42,412 s 8,667,577 16 9i

(^Vinegar and Mead 17,350 — r* 1*577

- 7*0*564 7 11 *"»{fcS!r: : 660,57/ 785.817 935,5,g 3*751.039 7 11

476.393 "i 497*8c6 — — 505,862 595*6° 1 2,448,567 2 11J

- U,i6; 7 3 Sweets - 7*375 7,202 4*953 48*531 7 3

'678,093 ij 6i Malt, Perpetual 715.019 623,560 — — . 485,180 — — ,993,368 15 6J

76,703 j Hops 34,44* 130,804 9r»937 419,570

4 280,702 13 6 Candles - 287,056 291,166 300,754 i*435»86o 8 ji -

r Sope - 301,410 314*931 335*357 J

P.P r - - - - 65.994 64,564 69,082 1 1 3*005.787 16 6 I

>1 566,469 10 — i / Starch - - - 79,444 77.4*7 94,899

1 Printed Goods 154,486 *5 3,*o* 167,156 I

- LWire - *,*57 2,281 *,847 — I

75*347 34,678 fOld Duty Spirit 1 Comna*1 5 July Licence. I7837J . 69*947 90,507 — — 75*449 *5>°43 rSpi.Lic* 116,145 — — ' J Commd 11 Oct. 1790 S pi. Lie8 44,328 f LWine D° 108,849 J 11 771*056 18 — J 5 P

2,003 5 — Coaches - - - - 3H«9 6 3 - 5*58i 8 - P

110,928 — 6 Glass - 126,841 — — >40,119 150,182 — — 621,305 — 6 S

6,593 *4 6} Plate Licences Hides and Skins, Veil, and 7*953 215,961 7,348 7*988 36,392 14 6$ C

112,994 >3 4 Parch* - 207,896 — 227,102 1*074.503 — 10 B

I 17,006 13 4 Cocoa Nut* and Coffee 30,217 34*784 38,647 123,710 4 5i *

I 4i4,.44 *5 Tea - 426,660 8 2 539*575 7 10 417,736 I — I 2,140,665 - - 4i Sp

>0,934 »7 — Coffee, See. Licences 11.949 12,501 — — 13,126 58,541 *7 — C<

94,521 17 — Bricks and Tiles 96,278 91*773 104,409 469»438 17 — T<

*33»«53 9 6 Per Cent. Duties 5*549 I, COO — — 6co 1 9 460,329 14 4 C

Auctions - 53,766 52,024 53,156 — 1 248,304 18 6 q

48 964 i3 6 Auctioneers Licen* *7 — — with Auctions with Auctions J

10,000 Male Servants - - - 3*447 8 13*469 3 2 H

2,163 i 6 1 Caachmak* Duty and Lie* - 1,765 — — 2,241 2,099 10,260 1 6 Pi

44,030 6 6} i General Licences 40,882 39,917 — — 41.970 205.536 18 41 T

*.9,934 .9 n ' Wine Tobacco and Snuff, commd 2x5,578 252,649 308,624 1,091,896 19 yl C(

lith October 1789 - 70,590 302,947 373*537 ! h

6,018,923 11 3 5 ,905.119 8 2 t 1,319,10516 9 6,880,235 2 9* 3 0,474*83* 11 4J

1 1 i. 598,536 54>,96i 501,138 j *.746*5 s4

->620,103 11 3 6 ,503,655 826 ,861,067 16 0 7,381,473 1 9$ {3 3,221,416 11 4J

An ACCOUNT of the Duties of Excise paid in the Exchequer (by the Commissioners of Excise in England) from the 6th January 1786 to the 5th January 1791, both Days inclusive, on the Part of Scotland.

paid in.

iffee

cs and Skins

Englatid Scotland 5.J5L448 11 >79,665 14 s. 6,018,9*3 11 3 206,704

Total Perpetual Duties $,581,114 6 icj 6,225,627 11 3

PERPETUAL DUTI

11 -

E S.

[5,905,119 8 2

245,000 — . —

6,150,119 8 2

[5,319,105 16 91

232,000 ----- --1

6,5 5 IO5 l6 9

6,880,235 2 9J 274,500 ——

7*154,735 9*

3°r474»*3* 11 4}

1.137.869 14 51

Total of Scotland

Is From From From I From

6th J nuary 178^ > Ath January 178^ r 6th January 1781 1 6th January 1785,) 6:h January 1790

to to to to to

5thjanuary 1787 . $th January 1788. 5fbjanuary 1789 . 5thjanuary 1790 . 5thjanuary 1791.

£ rf- L . £ £ i. £ * £ > *

*7,031 4 — 7,3*6 *-

58,131 75,*77 >* — 38,000 — — 37,000 41,500

l8,200 — 10,500 — — 30,000 — — 39*°°° 28,000 — —

2,500 — — 65,500 84,000 -

16,50 O — 9,000 34,000 — — 27,500 25,500

4,000 2,500 - 4,000 9,000

25,000 — — 12,500 28,000 — — 50,500 42,coo — —

3*500 - - 4,500 5,000

4,coo — — 8,000 — — 11,000 23,000 — — 31,000

5,000 1,200 4,000 5,500 6,000 — —

4,000 2,000 - 6,000 — — 9,000 — — *

3,5oo 1,500 2,0C0 3,000 — — 2,500

2, CC0 — i,5co - 2,000 3,500

- 7,coo 4,oco — — 22,000 — — 23,000 — —

2,000 1,coo — — II, OCO 6,500 — 5,000 — —

3>5°° 2,coo - I, JOO 3,coo — —

500 — — 1,coo — —

75 — 10 500 — —

10 7 — . -

1.8 6|

10,000 — —

... - - - 500 — —

28,000

- - 500

179,665 14 206,704 245,000 — — 232,000 — — *74,500 1

1 1,000 — — 16,000 — — 15*500 13,000 — — 11,500 — —

190,665 14 5l 222,704: 260,500 — 245,000 286,000;

Total Met Produce of each Article, from 6th January 1786

£. i.

34.357 —

249,908 12 —

125,700 ——

152,000 — — 112,500 — —

19,50° ——

258,00° ——

13,000 -

77.000 ——

21,70a ——

21.000 -

11.500 ——

9.000 ——

56.000 — —

25.500 -

10.000 — —

I|5°o ——

575 -

10 7 ~z 118 2 6+ 10,000 —

5OO — 1 — " 28,000 —

5OO —

31,612,702 5 10

ANNUAL WALT, MU J CYDER, and PERU Y.

England Scotiaad 503,668 — 11,000 60l,l80 16,coo — — 593*536 15,500 541,96* 13,000 501,138 — 11,500 *,746,584 — 67,000 — -

Total Annua) Duties 514*668 — 617,180 — — 614,036 554.96* 511,738 — *,813,584 —

TottB of England and Scotland - 6,045,78* 6 10’ j(',842,807 ij 3 6,764*55 8 2 7,106,067 16 9 71667,473 9i 34426,286 5 10

G. J. Cholmondeley,

H. Rcveler/f J, Olwius,

R. Nicholas}

J. Duller.

Exrisp Office*, Lo/KJon, 25tu Februurv 171)1.

Ja* Webb, Accomp* Gen*.

Note. — The Act of the last Session of Parliament, whereby the former Duties on Spirit and Wine LiceBCti were repealed, and imnmed in lieu thereof, haring directed that those Licences should commence and terminate at a certain piiEdTSE?thi *oth October in each Year, the Principal Part of the Duty on those LieeacM mU be paid Into the Exchequer in the Quarter ending the 5th January in each icar,

10° Mali. 1791

10° M

499

Appendix (A.) N®4.

v

Pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons.

An ACCOU NT of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Duties on Stamps, from the 6th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1791; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000 or more.

1786: 178: 7: 1788: 1789: 1790:

Consolidated Duties 706,710 6 10 602,494 12 8 651,558 - 3 659.163 — 10 711,968 7 5

Insurance Duty - 03,654 4 1 96,516 18 i 96,173 7 5 101,674 8 6 105,888 t6 7

Burials, &c. - - U30 — — 4,268 15 7 3,7oy 4 3 4,211 6 4 4,688 12 1

Bids of Exchange - - 23,006 — — 81,131 14 4 86,999 7 3 83,34S 13 8 03,8i6 8 7

Receipts - 11,238 — — 4C470 8 2 39-917 12 9 39,284 1 9 40,231 19 —

Hats - - 37,958 8 5 25,196 9 11 2.3,617 13 7 20,380 19 1 17,008 10 4

Plate - - 23.584 11 11 22,707 16 8 23,295 18 10 22,453 9 11 18,433 6 5

Horse Dealers, - - i,33o — — 4,328 9 10 1,594 11 5 1,034 7 3

Post Horse Duty, See. - 146,204 8 3 169,410 12 9 204,659 18 8 170,554 18 m i 181,155 9 11

Medicine - 12,608 4 10 11,018 7 2 H,054 13 3 10,587 16 9 11,197 4 9

Game - - 46,784 2 2 45,898 16 3 55,6i6 JO 8 47,771 12 10 55,235 — 2

Attorneys - 24,832 11 4 25,583 18 — 24,902 17 1 24,595 16 — 24,703 13 11

Pawnbrokers - - 4,505 18 3 4,393 7 10 4,191 12 7 4,173 12 5 4,515 12 8

Glove - - 17,061 0 11 12,199 12 3 10,654 9 10 9,108 6 3 8,344 9 1

Perfumery - 4,703 — — 13,243 l 11 10,598 1 — 8,200 5 6 7,281 2 6

Judges Duty in Scotland - - - 1,096 4 1 1,306 5 7 1,163 12 10 1,270 18 6

Apprentice - 7,5i6 8 5i 7,226 5 2 7,265 13 11 7,260 8 2 7,692 4 6

1,162,827 7 51 1,168,185 10 8 1,257, H5 18 4 1,214,9 66 16 8 1,293,431 l6 5

Feby 22d, 1791

J. Lloyd, pro Comptr.

Appendix (A.) N* 5'.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Taxes on Malt, from Midsummer 1774 to Midsummer 1780; and from Midsummer 1780 to Midsummer 1786; distinguishing the Receipts of each Year, and the Annual from the Permanent Duty.

Years ended Midsummer

Net Produce of Malt.

Annual Duty. Permanent Duty.

£> d. L *. </

p775 553,773 4 6 305,976

1776 591,115 — — 326,832

1777 584,584 320,166

1778 594,786 4 6 329,882

1779 662,260 361,425

1780 ... j 665,932 363,123

- Total - 3,652,450 9 — 2,007,404

1781 656,884 359,676

1782 - 624,508 348,720

1783 655,556 310,783

1784 514,184 289,664

1785 - - - 526,731 298,669

,1786 576,639 318,841

Total - 3,454,502 1,926,353

Years ended Midsummer

Excise Office, London,

20th April, 1791.

J. Morris, Acc* Gen1.

M.mush.

W. Lowndes,

IT. Revelry,

T. Casxvall,

J. Buller,

R. Nicholas.

Additional 6d. Duty com* 30th May 1780.

Total

285,194 269,768 176,456 129,811

256,57! 27 3,i7>*

5 7

i,39°>978 5 7

Vor.

Appendix (B.) N*

NET PRODUCE of Permanent Taxes, existing at the Time when the Committee of

1786* made their Report.

(b.) N* l.

(b.) N* 2 (b.) N# 3.

<b.)N°4.

D

CQ'

l — f-~

n'

CD

Q.

CT

O

o

eg

FT

(b.) N° 5

(b.) N* 7 <b.) N° 6

<A.)N® l.

1786

Deduct,

{British Spirits -Sweets -Deals and Battens Perfumery

1787 ....

Deduct,

British Spirits ——

Sweets ——

Deals and Battens -

Perfumery ——

Half Produce of Consolidation Act and Cambricks in 1788 - - - - (1)

1788

Deduct,

British Spirits -Deals and Battens Perfumery Consolidation Act Cambrics -

1789 -

Deduct,

British Spirits -Deals and Battens Perfumery - -

Consolidation Act Cambrics -Assessed Taxes - - - - (2)

Stamps ----- - (3)

1790

Deduct,

British Spirits -Deals and Battens Perfumery Consolidation Act Cambrics -Assessed Taxes - - - (42)

fStamps (Head Office) v-<Two Thirds of the Stamps consigned to t Country Ucc,# in 1789 and 1790 - (4)

Deduct Shop Tax

(5)

£. m m £. 11,867,055

7,417 137 18,267 4,703 30,524

- 12,923,134

83,091 1,539 34,665 13,243

35,801 168,339 #

- 13,007,642

82,967 29,523 10,598 64,553 7,049 194,690

- 13,433,068

84,477 33,149 8,200 60,366 9,222

27,783 223,197

- 14,072,978

99,266 36,806 7,411 72,989 11,911 30,185 70,784

13,394

342,746 52,16*1 290,585

1

11,836,531

12,754,795

12,812,952

13,209,871

(1) CONSOLIDATION ACT.

As this Act did not take Place till the 10th of May 1787, and the Accounts dusing that Year are blended, the exact Increase of Revenue arising from it, previous to the 5th of January 1788, cannot be ascertained: But it appeared to your Committee that the nearest Estimate which they could form, would be by taking Half the Increase which it produced in the subsequent Year. The Period is more than Six Months; but it must be recollected, that there is always a considerable delay, before the Produce of any new Duties, and particularly of such as are received at the Out Ports, can be paid into the Exchequer.

13,782,393

(2) ASSESSED TAXES.

It appears that nothing was received on Account of these Taxes in the Year 1739. — 'The only sum stated distinctly by the Receivers, as having been paid into the Exchequer on Account of these Duties in 1790, is £ 14,875. But your Committee having reason to believe, in consequence of Information from the Tax Office, that nearly the whole Amount of the Assessment upon these Taxes had been received during that Year, have thought proper to deduct a Sum equal to that Assessment, allowing only for the Charges of Management.

(3) STAMP DUTIES.

Your Committee have deducted from the Produce of this Year only the Amount of the Stamp Duties actually received at the Head Office in London; as little or nothing could have been paid into the Exchequer in that Year in consequence of the Consignments to the Country Distributors; and the precise Amount of such Payments, if any, caunot be distinguished, as they are blended with those made on Account of the other Stamp Duties.

<4) STAMP DUTIES.

Your Committee have thought proper to take Two Thirds of the whole Consignment sent into the Country dnring these Two Years, as equal to the Sum probably received during that Period; allowing for about One Third, which may be supposed to remain on Hand*

9

(5) SHOP TAX.

It is evident that such Part only of the Produce of the Taxes of 1789 ought to be deducted from the Revenue of 1790, ill thi^ View of the Subject, as exceeds the former Average Produce of the Shop Tax, which they Were in Part intended to replace> so much only having been an actual Addition to the Income,

500 10° Mail A. 1791.

Appendix (b.) N° l.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, from the Commencement to 5th January 1787, and between the 5th January 1787 and 5th January 1791, of the Additional Duty on British Spirits and Sweets, imposed by Two Acts of 26 George III.; distinguishing the Sums paid in each Year.

Years ended 5th January. British Spirits, Additional Duty 26 George ill. Sweets Add1 Duty 26 Geo. III.

1787 To loth May 1787 - - - 44,433 6 — \ To 5th Janry. 1788, by Computation, 38,658 13 9 by Ditto - 7,417 137

1788 1789 83,091 19 10$ 82,967 13 4 11,539 n 10

1790 by Ditto ----- 84,477 /

1791 by Ditto - - 99,266 16 8

Excise Office, London,

11 th April 1791. G. J. Cholmondeley.

N. B. — The Duties on British Spirits being consolidated from and after 10th May 1787,

the Exchequer Payments on British Spirits, by Act of 26th Geo. III. cannot be ascertained otherwise than by Computation; but a Sixth Part of the consolidated Duty on Spirits, paid into the Exchequer after that Period, is returned in this Account as the proper Proportion, the Old Duty being Five Pence, and the Additional, One Penny per Gallon.

N. B. — The Duties on Sweets, previous to the 26th Geo. III. were 18 s. per Barrel, together with the per Cents, thereon, and by that Act were raised to 24 per Barrel, together with the per Cents.; by the Consolidation Act which commenced 1 ith May 1787, these Duties were again reduced to 18$. 4i being within a Fraction the same as those subsisting previous to the passing of the 26th Geo. III.; it is apprehended, therefore, that no Return can be made of the Additional Duties after the 11 May 1787.

__________________________________________________ Acc* Gen1.

Appendix (b.) N° 2.

V

An ACCOUNT of the Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Additional Duties imposed upon Deals and Battens, by the 26th of His present Majesty, imported into Great Britain between the 5th January 1786 and the 5th January 1791; distinguishing each Year.

Deals. Battens. Total.

1786 17,701 1 2 566 13 6 18,267 14 8

1787 33,476 5 — 1,189 3 4 34,665 8 4

1788 27,743 10 — 1,779 16 3 29,523 6 3

1789 3L317 5 6 1,832 4 4 33, H9 9 i°

1790 35,287 1 6 1,519 10 6 36,806 12 —

Inspector General’s Office,

Custom House, London, Thomas,

19th April 1791. Inspector General of the Imports and

Exports of Great Britain.

Appendix (b.) N° 3.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Duties on'Perfumery, imposed by an Act of the 26th George III. from the Time of their Commencement to the 5th of January 1787, and from 5th of January 1787 to the 5th of January 1791; distinguishing each Year.

£. s. d.

From the Time of their Commencement to 5th January 1787 - 4,703

1788 - 13,243 1 11

1789 - 10,598 1 —

' 1790 - 8,200 5 6

1791 - 7,411 2 6

£ 40,155 10 11

Stamp Office, aaaBsssss.

11th April 1791.

J. pro Comp*.

Vol, 46. 6M

Report on Public Jncomt & Expenditure.

Report on

Public Income Ac Expenditure.

10° Mail A. 1791.

Appendix (b.) N* 4.

An ACCOUNT, as far as the same can be made up, shewing the Increase of the Reventie of Customs arising from the Alteration made in the Duty on several Articles thereof, by virtue of an Act of the 27th of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and " granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties " composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, " the Product or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and " for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on " Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt;" and distinguishing the Produce thereof in each Year, from the Commencement to the 5th January 1791.

Increase of Revenue, arising from the Fractional Parts of the Duties on certain Goods being converted into Integrals ——

Deduct Decrease of Revenue, arising from the Fractional Parts of the Duties on certain Goods being reduced to Integrals ——

Increase of Revenue, occasioned by additional Duties on certain Articles of Wood, ana Alterations in the Description of others, for the Purpose of better ascertaining the proper Duties - -

New Duties on certain Goods used for dying

Total Produce of Duties

By the same Act a Duty was imposed on the Articles of French Cambricks and Lawns, which were before

?rohibited, the Produce of which, in each of the said "ears, has amounted to - - *

Custom House, London,

April 8th 1791.

1788. - 1789- 17.90-

21,498 19 — 1 23,109 7 — I 25,333 14 n

645 3 4 512 14 1 1.041 10 6

20,853 15 8 22,696 12 nf 24,292 4 51

43*054 2 5 37,t56 19 7 47,656 — 8

645 3 4 512 14 1 1,041 10 6

64,553 1 5 £ 60,366 6 7f 72,989 15 7

7,049 1 3 9,222 16 6 11,911 14 5

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain.

Appendix (b.) N" 5.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of the additional Duties on Horses, and Carriages with Four Wheels, imposed by an Act of the 29th Geo. III. from the Commencement of the same to the 5th of January 1790, and from the 5th of January 1790 to the 5th of January 1791.

From the Commencement of the said Duties to the 5th of January 1790, no Money was paid into the Exchequer. Between the 5th January 1790, and the 5th January 1791, there appears, by the Receiver’s Accounts, to be paid into the Exchequer —

On Account of the Year 1789 - - - - 13»395 — —

And on Account of the Year 1790 ----- 1,480 ——

Total paid.....£-14,875 ——

More Money has been paid into the Exchequer on these Duties within the latter Period, but as it was blended with the former Duties on Horses, and Carriages with Four Wheels, the Amount cannot be ascertained.

Office for Taxes,

11 April 1791.

Tim. Brent, Comp*.

John Trenchard, George Blo

F. Fownes

Appendix (b.) N# 6.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Produce of the Additional Stamp Duties imposed by an Act of the Twenty-ninth of George III. from the Time of their Commencement to the 5th of January 1790, and from the 5th of January 1790 to the 5th of January 1791.

From the Time of their Commencement to 5th January 1790.

Newspapers -

Advertisements -

Cards - -

Dice ——

Legacies ——

Probates of Wills -

s.

13,419 10 10 2,196 15 6 2,474 12 — 124 ——

4,637 ——

14,819 10 —

s.

37,671 8 4

The Sum of £27,783. 1. 8. was paid for at the Head Office, and the further Sum of £9,888. 6. 8. was consigned to the Country; but how much was disposed of cannot be ascertained, as the Distributors do not appropriate their Remittances to any particular Instrument.

From 5th January 1790 to 5th January 1791.

Newspapers ——

Advertisements

Cards ——

Dice ——

Legacies ——

Probates of Wills -

30,193 13 11

6,161 ——

7,038 16 — 438 12 6

8,651 ——

28,505 10 —

80,988 12 5

The Sum of £ 70,784. 5. 9. was paid for at the Head Office, and the further Sum of £ 10,204. 6. 8. was consigned to the Country; but how much was disposed of cannot be ascertained, as the Distributors do not appropriate their Remittances to any particular Instrument.

Stamp Office,

April 11th 1791. J. Lloyd, pro Compf.

Appendix (b.) N* 7.

To the Honourable the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to examine the Public Income

and Expenditure.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Assessment of the additional Duties on Horses and Carriages imposed in 1789,

deducting probable Charges of Management.

Horses. Carriages. Total.

England - - - 14,652 — - 14,800 29,453

Scotland - - - 753 820 1,573

£ *5,405 15,620 31,025

Probable Charges of M Management - m m m 840 — - —

30,185

Office for Taxes,

18th April 1791.

Tim. Brent, Comp'.

John Trencha George Blount,

F. Frnnes Luttrell.

Vol. 46.

Report on

Public Income & Expenditure

Report on Public Income & Expenditure*

Appendix (J3.) N° 2.

To the Honourable the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to examine the Public Income

and Expenditure.

An ACCOUNT of the Diminution which took Place in the Amount of the Horse Tax, imposed in 1785, in Consequence of the Alteration made in it, by an Act of the 26th of III.

The Assessment made to the Duty on Horses in the Year 1785? commencing the 10th

October 1785, and ending the 5th Day of April 1786 72,187 15

In the Year 1786, ending the 5th Day of April 1787 - - - i33»o87

1787, - - 5th - - April 1788 - 101,284 12

1788, - - 5th- - April 1789 - - - 97,986 5

1789, - 5th - - April 1790 - 95,400 2

of

9

6

9

5

The Diminution which took Place in the Amount of the Horse Tax can only be ascertained by comparing the Assessment made for a Year prior to passing the above-mentioned Act with a Year’s Assessment made subsequent thereto; the First Half Year’s Duty cannot be the proper Criterion to judge by, because the Assessors, on passing the Act imposing the said Duty, could not discriminate what Horses were chargeable therewith, and certainly did assess a greater Number of Horses than were afterwards found to be subject to the Duty, particularly the Horses belonging to Farmers, for Want of knowing the Value of their Farms: The Year 1786 is therefore selected to make the Comparison, and from which, compared with the Year 1789, being the last for which the Accounts can be quadeup, there appears a Difference of 37*687. 15. 1.; but it is here necessary to observe, that a small Proportion of the said Sum, about 2,000, has most probably happened from a Decrease of the Duty itself.

Office for Taxes, 18th April 1791. Tim. Brent, Compt'. John Trench George Blount, F. Fownes Luttrell.

1 Appendix (B.) N* 3.

EXCISE.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Amount, paid into the Exchequer of the Duties on Linens, printed, painted, &c. and on Cotton Stuffs, bleached or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an Act of the 24th Geo. III. Ch. 40.; and also of the ad Valorem Duty on Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, printed, painted, &c. imposed by an Act of the 25th Geo. III. Ch. 72.; from the Commencement of the first-mentioned Duty, on the 1st October 1784, to the 5th January following, and from that Time to the 5th January 1791; distinguishing each Year.

Net Amount paid into the Exchequer.

From the Commencement, on the 1st October 1784, to 5th January 1785 - From the 5 January 1785 to 5 January 1786 -From the 5 January 1786 to 5 January 1787 -From the 5 January 1787 to 10 May 1787 - £ *. d. 148 27,655 3,602 L451 15 5i

Note. — The Duty on Cotton Stuffs, bleached or dyed, was repealed the 13th May 1785, by an Act of the

25th Geo. III. Ch. 43.

The Duty on Dnens, printed, painted, &c. laid by the 24th Geo. III. Ch. 40. was repealed the 1st August 1785, by an Act of the 25th Geo. III. Chap. 72.

In lieu of the above Duties, a Duty on Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, painted, stained, &c. was laid by 25 Geo. III. Ch. 72, and commenced 1st August 1785.

The Arrears of the Two former Duties, which remained unpaid on the 1st August 1785, were blended and returned with the last mentioned Duty, which last mentioned Duty was continued only to the 10th May 1787; when {i. e. by the Consolidation Act, 27 Geo. III. Ch. 13.) it was wholly dropt, and Printed Linens, Callicoes, and Silks were, by the Consolidation Act of the 27 (r. III. Ch. 13, charged with the like Duties as those to which they were liable antecedent to the Year 1784.

On the 10th May 1787, there was an Arrear of the Duties imposed by the Acts of the 24th and 25th Geo. III. to the Amount of £.9,971. 9. 31, standing out, which was carried forward, and blended with the Arrears of the Old Duty on those Articles, and the whole consolidated with the Duties imposed by the 27th III. Ch. 13. — Of the aforesaid Arrear there is still a Sum remaining unpaid.

Excise Office, London,

May 2d, 1791. M.JVhish.

Fran1 Hooker, Acc‘ Gen".

g

cq"

n'

CD

CL

CT <

a

o

O

oo_

o

r

a*-

O)

o>

SZS

(A.) N° 1. (c.) N* j.

(A.) N* i.

(c.) N* 2.

(A.) N° 3. (c.) N* 3-

(A.) N* 4.

(A.) N° 4. (c.) N° 4. (c.) N° 5. (c.) N° 6.

(A.) N* 1.

(A.) N* 4.

Appendix (C.) N* 1.

A Comp.arative ACCOUNT of the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of particular Taxes estimated by the Committee of 1786.

Window Duty, 1766 -

Commutation, or Duty on Inhabited Houses

( Four Wheeled Carriages -Two Wheel D° - -

/ Horses ——

I Waggons -

I. Carts....

Candles

} Bricks and Tiles General Licences -

f Plate -| Hats -[ Game -

Hackney Coaches -

Ale Licences - -

Silk and Lead -

Additional Paper - -

{Shop Tax (Four Years Average) Male Servants -

Female Servants.

f Pawnbrokers -

J Attornies - -

( Gloves -

Consolidated Post Horse Duty -„ Medicine -

Estimated by Committee. 1786. 1787. 1788. 1789. 179°. Average. Decrease. Increase.

C 388,939 £ £ £ C £ £ £ £

- 414,050 411,021 383,355 427,717 360,651 399,358 10,419

) 1 509,894 156,010 178,003 483,715 86,347 18,595 72,448 8,446 4,887 530,99° 134,512 30,046 110,885 18,530 11,191 505,916 124,977 26,419 108,057 19,683 10,909 552,345 149,148 34.394 1 *4,745 23,472 10,910 479,006 141,055 29,803 98,621 14,596 9,734 510,394 127,207 27,851 100,953 16,945 9,726 } 952 j (1) 50,379 500

103,173 102,293 108,978 107,330 107,521 108,306 106,885 - 3,712

- 77,828 84,535 96:113 96,473 93,968 108,056 95,829 - mm m 18,001

- 45,266 42,237 46,030 40,882 41,417 44-970 43,107 2,159

16,048 23,584 22,707 23,295 22,453 18,433 22,oq4 6,046

25,372 37,958 25,196 45,898 23,617 20,380 17,008 24,831 (2) 541

48,000 46,784 55,616 47,771 55,235 50,260 2,260

- 12,000 n,979 14,269 11,552 13,000 15,000 13,160 - 1,160

- 14,533 23,871 20,434 14,469 16,662 17,162 18,519 - 3,986

86,360 132,884 139,148 132,108 151,946 151,720 , 141,561 55,201

- 12,105 14,030 15,474 16,498 16,141 17,270 15,882 - - - 3,777

} 64,271 134,848 32,796 64,586 19,061 64,265 97,912 33,994 46,795 93,068 30,740 58,649 103,558 36,881 6,142 88,929 28,464 52,161 89,610 29,828 12,110 } 15,410

- 5,000 4,505 4,393 4,19! 4A73 4,5» 5 4,355 645

- 20,000 24,832 25,583 24,902 24,595 24,703 24,923 4,923

10,000 169,536 17,061 12,199 169,410 10,654 9,108 8,344 n,473 - (3) L473

- 146,204 204,659 170,554 181,155 174,396 - 4,860

(4)30,000 12,608 11,018 11,054 10,587 11,197 11,292 18,708

2,107,186 1,930,296 2,200,196 2,127,229 2,262,095 2,040,075 2,122,600 100,904 116,318

(1) The greater Part of this Decrease must have arisen from the Alteration referred to in the Report.

(2) As this Duty is declining in its Produce, the Decrease would be greater if the Average was taken upon the Three last Years.

(3) If the Average were taken upon the last Three Years, there would appear a Decrease instead of an Increase in the Produce of this Duty.

(4) The Calculation of the former Committee, relative to this Tax, appears to have been formed upon erroneous Grounds.

(5) Including about £ 30,000 arising from the Duties on Horses and Carriages imposed in 1789, but exclusive of the Shop Tax, except to the Amount of £6,142.

Several Duties imposed in the Years 1784 and 1785 are omitted in this Comparison; viz'.

Linens and Stuffs, for Reasons given elsewhere. — £15 perCent. Excise, because it cannot now be distinguished, having been blended, by the Consolidation General Produce of the Duties under the Management of that Board. — Letter Money. This cannot vary,' being a Weekly Payment of a certain Sum. Though it appears that the Increase of the Produce of the Duties upon Salt has been more than the Sum estimated, it cannot be ascertained how far this been occasioned by the Regulation referred to by the former Committee.

Act, with the . — Salt, 1785. Increase has

CO

h —

o

o

9

Or

O

Ot

S’1-3

1 is

10° Man.

A. 1791.

stepwt on Appendix (c) N" 1.

public Income

& Expenditure. , To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the 24th of His present Majesty, which, in pursuance of the said Act, have been paid over to the Receiver General of the Customs, from the 6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

YEARS. Payments from the 6th January 1786 to the 5th January 1787. Payments from the 6th January 17,87 to the 5th January 1788. Payments from the 6th January 1788 to the 5 th January 1789. Payments from the 6th January 1789 to the 5th January 1790. Payments from the 6th January 1790 to the 5th January 1791. Total Payments mad* on each Year.

1784 - - 1/8.5 " " 1786 - - 1787 - - 1788 - - 1789 - " 1790 - - £ 54,648 12 lol 361,012 14 3 68,054 7,358 8 4 63,636 15 4 384,432 16 1 75,562 6 8* 300 16 6 6,443 14 8 35,7H 12 9 370,477 4 9 92,980 35 15 4 158 19 101 6,866 13 2 i 46,074 7 7 374,779 19 2* 124,438 14 4 589 19 9 780 12 51 498 5 91 4,892 9 61 27,235 19 — 336,329 4 8 f 108,680 62,933 12 gi 432,032 16 6 495,566 710I 497,006 8 7 494,986 18 2 i 460,767 19 — 108,680

483,715 7 1 i 530,990 6 5i 505,916 8 81 553,345 9 6 { 479,006 11 2 2,55i >974 3 ~

Office for Taxes,

19th February 1791. George,

Ttm. Brent. John,

F. LuttrdU

Appendix (c.) N* 2.

An ACCOUNT of the Additional Duty on Candles, imposed by an Act of the 24th of Geo>. III. from the 6th January 1786 to 5th January 1791, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

From 5th January 1786 to 5th January 1787 From 5th January 1787 to 5th January 1788 From 5th January 1788 to 5th January 1789 From 5th January 1789 to 5th’January 1790 From 5th January 1790 to 5th January 1791

( £. d.

- m - 102,293 18 3

- - 108,978 11 7i

- - - 107,330 5 6f

- - - 107,521 5 3i

- - - 108,306 3 2f

G. J. Cholmondeley.

J. Jenner, Accomp* Gen*.

Appendix (c.) N* 3.

An ACCOUNT of such Part of the Duties on Bricks and Tiles, imposed in 1784, as have been received at the Customs, from the 6th of January 1786, to the 5th January 1791, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Bricks. Tiles. — < Total.

i* s, dt £. S. d. C s. d.

1786 - 65 7 7 13 4 2 78 11 9

> 1787 - 92 5 6 — 3 6 92 9 —

1788 - 182 12 3 13 7 4 195 19 7

1789 - 182 10 6 13 3 5 195 13 11

1790 - 146 6 — 1 12 2 147 18 2

Inspector General’s Office, Custom House, London,

19th April 1791.

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of G. Britain.

507

Appendix (c.) N° 4.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Duty on Ale Licences, imposed by an Act of the 24th of His present Majesty, from the 6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791; distinguishing each Year.

1787 £ 23,871 s. d. 6 a

1788 20,434 13 6

1789 14,469 4 10

1790 16,662 1 l

1791 17,162 5 6

Stamp Office,

April 18th 1791. J. Lloyd, pro Compf.

Appendix (c.) N# 5.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Additional Doty imposed by the 24th of His present Majesty upon Raw and Thrown Silks imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported, between the 5th January 1786 and the 5th January 1791, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Years. Raw Silk. Thrown Silk. Lead exported.

1786 £ s- J £ s- <? £ s. d.

71,535 16 — 39,759 5 7 21,590 13 6

1787 77,726 14 — 42,849 1 4 18,573 18 —

1788 81,883 16 6 33,730 9 1 16,495 5 — '

17S9 84,979 2 1 43,258 9 9 23,709 5 6

1790 75,i4<9 15 — 55,880 11 — 20,691 10 8

Inspector Generals Office,

Custom House, London, April 21st 1791.

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of G. Britain.

Appendix (c.) N* 6.

EXCISE.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Additional Duty on Paper, imposed by an Act of the 24th of His present Majesty, from 6th January 1786 to 5th January 1791, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

£. s. d.

From 6th January 1786 to 5 th January 1787 ... - -

From 6th January 1787 to loth May 1787 - -£4,671 1 21

to 5th January 1788 - 10,803 ——

14,030 ——

15(474 1 2

From 6th January 1788 to 5th January 1789' From 6th January 1789 to 5th January 1 jgo From 6th January 1790 to 5th January 1791

16,498 ——

16,141 ——

47,27 ——

AT. B. — The Additional Duty on Paper, per 24 Geo. III. being consolidated from and after the 10th May 1787, no Return can be made thereof after the said 10th May 1787; but a Fourth Part of the Consolidated Duty is returned in this Account as the proper Proportion.

G. J. Cholmondeley.

Excise Office, London,

18th April 1791.

John Rif,

Accomp* Gen1.

V o t. 46»

Report on Public Income & Expenditure.

D

in

r — H

n*

CD

Q_

CT *

O

o

eg

ft

Appendix (D.) N* 1.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Annual Duties on Land and Malt, in the Years. 1785, 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790; distinguishing each

Year, and each Tax; viz. the Land Tax from Lady Day to Lady Day, and the Malt Tax from Midsummer to Midsummer.

MALT DUTIES.

Halt - A® 1780

D® - — 1781

D® - — 1782

D° - — 1783

D° - — 1784

D® - — 1785

D# - — 1786

D®

D® - — 1788

D® - — 17»9

Exchequer,

\h« 21st Bay of March 1788.

Lady Bay 1784 to

Midsummer 1764

to

Midsummer 1785.

140 ——

422,437 ——

119,154 ——

541,731 ——

Lady Day 1785

to

LAND TAXES. Lady Day 1785. Lady Day 1786. Lady Day 1787. Lady Day 1788. Lady Day 1789. Lady Day 1790. each Tax.-

25th 4s. Aid A* 1747 6 1 3 11 9 6 17 10 9

26th — 1748 11 5 — - - - 11 5 —

27 th % — 1749 144 11 nf 11 12 9 - - - 156 4 8f

12th 3 s. Aid A* 1750 8 14 — - - - 8 14 —

13th _ — 1751 9 I 8J - - - - 9 1

14 th — 1752 ,9 5 — - - - 9 5 —

19th 2 s. Aid A*1753 m - -

36th 4 s. Aid A"1764 57 2 3f 57 2 3f

15th 3 s. Aid A0 1767 1,034 13 2 525 8 6 382 12 % 546 19 -f . - - - 2,489 12 9

16th — — 1768 22 19 Si 507 17 4 530 17 i 1

19 th — 1772 12 7 6 - - - 12 7 6

22d — 1775 - I - - - 14 4 8,000 — . - - 15 19 7 - - - 8,030 4 6*

40th 4s. Aid A* 1776 - - - 1,511 17 41 - - 500 — 500 — — 500 - 3,011 17 4 i

41st — — 1777 to - - 250 13 4 40 18 - 291 11 Hi

42d — — 1778 - - - to - 130 9 6f 30 16 3 274 12 7i 435 18 5

43d — — 1779 - - - 685 17 7i 3,26*2 12 — 5,134 14 7 300 — — 910 1 10 - - - 10,293 6 I X

44th — — 1780 - - - 8,502 18 9i 572 5 9 1,672 15 11| 2,293 19 ,4 6,312 17 ro - - - 19,354 17 8

45th — 1781 - - - 7,540 12 9i l,06l 7 11 329 15 1 160 — — 96 - 9,187 1* 9$

46th — — 1782 - - - 195,575 17 2 i 9,724 19 9i 364 11 6 - - - 59 9 — 14 — 6 205,738 18 1 %

47th — - 1783 - - - 1,168,673 13 9f 239.754 10 loi 13,096 2 -i 892 — 1 1,244 13 4 263 8 4 1,423,924 8 H

48th — — 1784 - - - - 491,100 — 1,252,546 17 2 169,968 12 ' 2| 2,756 7 101 743 12 311 16 iif 1,917,427 6 si

49th — — 1785 559*015 17 5f 1,213,935 18 7i 137,465 17 n 1,464 4 2 2,866 1 5* 1,914,747 19 n

50th — — 1786 507,559 10 — 1,287.334 4 2- 107,227 8 1* 5,125 — 11 1,907,246 3 n

51st — — 1787 451,372 — — 1,300,489 17 74 109,035 18 9k 1,860,897 16 4*

52d — — 1788 464,550 — 1,332,698 18 2 1,797,24^ 18 2

53d — — 1789 515,210 — — 515,210 — —

£. 1,873,972 — 6i 2,067,059 3 Hf 1,921,362 1 2 1,883,687 15 11 1,884,234 18 5} 1,966,033 2 8f 11,596,349 2 8*

Midsummer 1785 to

Midsummer 1786.

505,532

86,057

591,639 — —

Lady Day 1786

to’

Midsummer 1786 to

Midsummer 1787.

736

425,868

128,227

554,831 —

Lady Day 1787 to

Midsummer 1787 to

Midsummer 1788.

493,956 ——

125,769 ——

619,725 —

Lady Day 17 88 to

Lady Day 1789 to

Midsummer 1788 to

Midsummer 1789.

484,877

105,675

590,552. —

Midsummer 1789 to

Midsummer 1790.

1,500 ——

195

452,814

75,476

529,985 ——

TOTALS

of

TOTALS

of each Duty.

140 ——

422,437

626,972

511,925 622,183 610,841 558,489 75,476

3,428,‘563 ——

Robert Joitiitif*.

O*

O

00

«*>.

<0

10° Mad.

50 9

Appendix (D.) N* 2.

To the Honourable the Committee of the House of Commons* appointed to examine the Public Income

and Expenditure.

An ACCOUNT shewing the Gross Charge of the Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Years 1786, 1787, and 1788, with the Deductions therefrom, and the actual Payments into the Exchequer.

1 Gross Charge. Poundage. Militia Payments. Payments for Hemp and Flax, Deserters Warrants, Conduct Money, and other Deductions. Arrears and Insupers. Actual Payments into the Exchequer.

c s. d. £ s. d. £ d. £. s. d. 1 d. £. s. d.

Anno 1786 2,037,627 9 ~i 53,572 6 4 65,827 11 8f 11,142 — 6 - i,909,425 11 8f

1787 2,037,627 9 -i 53,572 6 A 111,480 18 9$ 8,844 7 1,448 — 5i 1,862,281 15 101

1788 2,037,627 9 - 53,572 6 4 102,027- 3 — i 11,226 13 8 6,277 13 1 1,864,523 1210

The Accounts for the Years 1789 and 1790 are not yet so complete as to enable us to give a particular State of them.

Office for Taxes, John Trenchard,

21st April 1791. George Blount,

F. Fownes LuttrelL

Appendix (D.) N° 3*

To the Committee appointed to examine the Accounts of the Public Income and Expenditure.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Taxes paid into the Exchequer, under the Heads of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, from the 1st Day of January 1791 to the 5th Day of January 1792, both . inclusive.

CUSTOMS - - £o* 47,54619 d. 10

EXCISE 90,916 — —

STAMPS 26,197 —

INCIDENTS. Consolidated Letter Money, 1787 - 3,000 —

D* - - - Salt - - - 5,99818 6

Seizures, since 24th October 1760 - - 26916 1

Letter Money, 1760 - - - 20,000 — —

6 d. Deduction on Pensions, &c. - m - 1,440 — —

Houses and Windows, 1766 - - - - 1,400 — — -

Inhabited Houses, 1779 - - 200 — —

Hawkers and Pedlars, 1710 - - - 400 —

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1st August 1711 - - 1,000 — — -

D* ----- 1784 - - - - - 1,000 — —

Male Servants, 1785 - - 160 — —

Female D* - D° - - 60 — —

Horses - - D° 370 — — >

Four Wheel Carriages, D° - - - 460 — —

Two Wheel Carriages, D* - - 50 — —

Waggons Carts

& 200,46814 5

Memorandum:

The Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended 5th January 1791, was made up to the 31st December 1790 inclusive.

Exchequer,

the 5th Day of May 1791. Robert Jermings.

Yol.,46.

60

4

Report on Public Income Sc Expenditure.

Appendix (E.) N* l.

PI-3

D t-i

as o S' n a

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Duties, after deducting Drawbacks of Customs and Excise, arising upon Tobacco in Great Britain, in the Years 1786, 1787, and 1788, compared with the Year 1789, when the Duties were in Part put under the Management of the Excise.

From 10th October 1786 to 10th October 1787. From 10th 0< :tober 1787 to 10th October 1788. From 10th October 1788 to 10th October 1789. j I From 10th October 1789 to 10th October 1790.

Grots Receipt. Drawbacks. Net Produce. Gross Receipt. Drawbacks. Net Produce. Gross Receipt. Drawbacks. Net Produce. Gross Receipt. Drawbacks. Net Produce.

£. s. d. 484,562 14 11 £. s. d. 86,443 18 9 L s. d. 398,118 16 2 s. d. 504,282 115* if. s. 78,600 6 3 L s- d. 425.782- 5 2 f £. s. d. 528,178 19 9 £ s. d. 80,945 1 3 £. s. d. 447,233 18 6 f r. d» 676,273 15 6 £. s. d. 86,027 8 9 £>’ s‘ 590,246 6 9

ft

o

cq‘

Note. The Net Produce in the above Account is subject to the Deduction of the Charges of Management

The Excise Duties bearing a Proportion to those of the Customs as Nine Pence is to Six Pence per Pound, the Inspector General has cast the Duty of Excise in the Year 1789 accordingly.

.Inspector Generals Office, Custom House, London, April 19th 1791,

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of Imports and Export* of Great Britain.

1

L- -

510 10 a M1791.

-O

eg;

n'

CD

Q_

cr

CD

o

c§

?r

c

r

ip»

0

Appendix (E.) N* 2.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Itura imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, in the Years 17?^’ a’1cf 1786, compared with the Years 1788, 1789* *79°*

being Periods prior and posterior to the Reduction of the Duty upon Spirits: — Also, An Account of the Quantities of Brandy and Geneva, distinguishing each, imported into Great Britain in the same Periods, with the Produce paid into the Exchequer of Customs and Excise arising from Spirits.

Rum. Brand?. Geueva* Duty of Customs. . . , . i J Duty of Excise. , Total of Customs and Excise.

Imported. Exported. Net Remains. Imported. Imported. *

Gallons. Gallons. Gallons. Gallons. Gallons. £.s. d. £ #* £. * d.

1784 1,994,292 517,257 1,477,035 636,768 72,202 52,072 508,774 — 560,846 I Average of Three Years —

1785 3,563,381 1,018,738 2,544,643 843,617 96,188 81,485 675,564 757,049

1786 2,310,151 1,467,691 842,460 771,052 121,024 53*007 660,369 . 7I3»376 J

1787 1 2,255,19* 871,516 1,383,675 1,777,733 312,189 92,588 747,935 7 8| 840,523 7 H '

1788 3,648,327 849,053 2,799,274 1,392,050 557,841 109,006 680,571 789,577 Average of Thfee Years —

1789 3,373,232 1,238,453 2,134,779 1,842,950 434,701 123,409 824,817 948,226

1790 2,639,087 1,042,001 1,597,086 1,802,931 499,806 108,746 — — 973,518 1,082,264

Gallons.

Rum - 1,621,379 Brandy 750,479 Geneva 96,471

Total - 2,468,329

Gal lions.

Rum - 2,177,046 Brandy 1,679,310 Geneva 497*449

4,353,805

Duty.

L 677,090

6 8

Inspector General’s Office,

Custom House, London, April 19,1791*

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

Duty. £ 940,022

6 8

Average Quantity and Duty in Favour of the latter Period -

Gallons.

2,885,476

Duty.

£. 262,932 —

Note. — The Excise Part of the above Account is taken from Ex? cise Accounts, signed by the proper Officers, in England and Scotland, which have been deposited with the Inspector General for the Purpose of making up a com* plete View of the Produce of the Revenue upon Spirits.

Although the Produce of the Duty upon Licences granted to Dealers in Spirits and Wine, in taking a general View of the Subject, forms a Part erf the Revenue arising from these Two Articles, yet the Inspector General has not included this Duty in the above Account, because the Amount thereof will, with more Propriety, be laid before the Committee by an Officer of the Excise.

to

a

H

9

Si

Or

111

Ip

s

is

g

(Q

l — h

n'

CD

Cl

cr <

I (D o , o

i 00

PS-5 H § e*.3 o

;o S

pi

Appendix (E.) N* 3*

An ACCOUNT of the Quantities of Wines imported into Great Britain, and the Amount of the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Duties of Customs and Excise arising therefrom, in the Years 1784, 1785, and 1786, compared with the Years 1788, 1789, and 1790, being Periods prior and posterior to the Treaty with France, and also in Part to the Excise Regulations attaching upon Wines, the Excise Duty having commenced on the 5th July 1786.

French Wine. Portugal Wine. Rhenish Wine. Spanish Wine. Total Quantity imported. Customs. Excise. Total of Customs and Excise.

17*5 Tuns. H. G. Tuns. H. G. Tuns. H. G. Tuns. H. G. Tuns. H. G. £. 3, d. £. f. i. £. «. i.

1786 423 2 29 12,220 12,698 1 57 126 2 49 2,761 3 19 15,532 2 28 619,523 5 5 - - 619,523 5 5

470 1 41 — 52 ,133 3 22 2,831 2 25 16,134 — 14 642,519 16 11 - - 642,591 16 11

' 485 1 22 12,255 — 5 187 — 7 3,265 2 11 16,192 3 45 517,136 7 2 97>in — — 614,247 7 a

1787

1,868 1 55 16,619 — 17 177 1 34 4,314 5 22,978 3 48 414,285 IT 8} 229,93419 7i 644,220 11 4

1788 1,445 1 44 19,114 1 40 138 2 27 4,744 1 20 25,442 3 5 405,828 8 2 235,078 — 640,906 8 2

1789 1,114 3 26| 22,128 2 ioi 117 — - 6 4,054 - 43 i 27,414 2 23 422,309 3 6 274,649 — — 696,958 3 6

1790 1,117 2 60 22,911 34 116 2 5,037 - 54 29,182 24 468,543 ' 7 335,624 — 804,167 — 7

Average Increase of Quantity and Duty in Tavour of the latter Period

Average Quantity of the Three Years; Tuns. H. G.

1 15,953 — 50

f Average Duty of the Three Years.

J £625,454 3 2

Average Quantity of the ThreeYears. Tuns. H. G.

27,346 1 59 Average Duty of the Three Years. £714,010 10 9

Inspector General’s Office,

Custom House, London, 19th April 1791.

Tuns. H. G.

Quantity 11,393 1 9

Duty £88,556 7 7

Note. — The Excise Part of the above Account is taken from Excise Accounts, signed by the proper Officers in England and Scotland, which have been deposited with the Inspector Genera], for the Purpose of making up a complete View of the Produce of the Revenue upon Wines.

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

I6M v . 7w oOi ms

g

eg'

l — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

O

r>

o

Cl

An

Appendix (F.) N* l.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

ACCO.UNT of all Monies that remained in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1786, after reserving sufficient to defray the Interest and Cl Debt due at that Period, and also after setting apart all such Monies us were applicable to the Payment of His Majesty’s Civil List, or any other Servi

Debt

that Time due and unsatisfied

Charges of the Public Services that remained at

Surplus of the Fund to pay Annuities, A* 1745

1)

D*

D°

I)4

D*

1)°

D*

1740 -

1757 -charged on }th Excise

A* 1779 - -

1780 ... 1782 -

6d. per Lib. on Pensions, &c.

Duty on Coals since Michaelmas 1710

Soap, A4 1714....

of Hereditary and Temporary Excise -

Imprest Monies, and Duties for the Disposition of Parliament

0 Duty on Cotton Wool, 1st January 1780 -►3 Canvas and Lawns, 1st August 17G7 -

Duty on Rum, Sugars, &c. ——

Surplus of Stamps for the Payment of Judges Salaries

D° - the Sinking Fund in the uarter ended loth October 1785, for the Disposition of Parliament -

Stamps for Hanaper Office

Exchequer,

the 21st Day of March 1791.

C- d.

16,491 5 —

20,281 V» —

12,735 >5 —

40,414 9 5i

44,640 10 7 1

90,1 So 10 7*

70,789 8 I

76,076 — _ f I

48,556 2 41 1

8,029 16 9i

2,659 9 J

48,753 17 10

22,299 19 1 1

61,124 3 3 i

10,456 12 1

7,770 14 l i

00 00 e* 00 15 ’1

8,369 15 !

1,172,119 11 — i

These Sums were granted towards the Service of the Year 1786.

These Sums formed Part of the Payment of the Annuities due, on Account of the Loans of those Years, on the 5U1 April 1786.

17S6, and was granted towards the Service of the Year 1786.'

CO

a

t*3

o

9

These Sums formed Part of the Payment to the South Sea Company, in the Quarter ended 5th April 1786. ft

This Sum was granted towards the Service of the Year 1786.

These Sums, together with such further Surplus as had accrued from ,'jtli January 1786 to 5th July 1787, were carried to the Consol. Fund on 5th July 1787, and formed Part of the Surplus of that Quarter.

The Surplus of the Sinking Fund, on 10th October 17S5, amounted to the Sum of £. 652,764. 2 s.9 id.; but by the making good the Sum of £. 70,275. 7 being the Deficiency of the said Fund on the 5th January 1780, was reduced to the Sum of ,£.582,488. 15 9 id.

This Sum, together with such further Surplus as had accrued from 5th January 1786 to 5th July 1787, was carried to the Consol. Fund on 5th July 1787, and formed Part of the Surplus of that Quarter.

Robert J,

C7T

CO

s3!-?

1

« ± 9

o

CQ'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

<8

FT

Appendix (F.) N* 2.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums paid into the Exchequer, or applied to the Public Service, in the several Years, from the 6th January 1786 to 5th January 1791, both inclusive; not being Part of the Sums paid on Account of the Annual Produce of the Duties under the Head of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, or on Account of the Annual Land and Malt Taxes, or of Account of the Lottery.

Imprest Money repaid by S' Gilbert Elliott, B*, Extor. of Sir Gilbert Bar*, late Treasurer of the Navy ——

Robert Jones Adeane, Admr. of Robert Jones, Contractor for Provisions in Nova Scotia ——

Richard Rigby, Esq', late Paymaster of the Forces -

Major General Dabymple ——

William Barr, Esqr, Purveyor to the Hospital in Canada Col. Henry Fox, Admr. of R* Honble Lord Holland, late Paymaster of the Forces ——

Edmund Bott, et al. Paymasters of Excheq* Bills - -

William Merry, on Account of a Transport taken on the Way to Gibraltar ——

Lord Viscount Howe, late One of the Commissioners for restoring Peace in America ——

Peter IVouife, Esq', late Governor of the Military Hospital of Guadeloupe ——

Money paid by J. Stephenson, Esq*, late Contractor at Halifax ——

Josiah Martin, Esq*, late Governor of North Carolina - -

Rolf Hallifax, M. D. for Sale of Medicines in America - -

Edward Roberts, Esq', Surplus of Fees - -

Lieu* Col. Crosbie, Master General of Barracks in America - -

S' William Chambei'S, on Account of Buildings ——

Col. Clerk, late Barrack Master in America -

Col. Cuyler, Commander of Troops in the West Indies -Henry Crickett, Esq' ——

George Aust, Esq' - -

Thomas Rumsey, Extor. of John Richardson, late Agent for Out Pensioners Chelsea Hospital -

For Conscience Sake - - --.

The East India Company ——

Charles Alex' Craigs, for Rent of divers Tenements in Scotland Yard

From 6th January 1786 to 5th January 178^, From 6th January 1787 to 5th January 1788. From 6th January 1788 to 5th January 1789* From 6th January 1789 to 5th January 1790. From 6th January 1790 to 5th January 1791.

jC* d. 3,200 — — . £. S. d. %> 1. s. d. 1. . d.

777 3 10 55,000 — — 3,026 7 — 700 — — . 25,000

10,000 — V99 M 3 10,000 U4 »3 4

58 2 4 819 — 5{

9 5 1

756 8 — 495 2 9 5,ioi 4 11 432 15 7 34i 4 — 62 9 u 3i3 1 8 532 6 ! 2,500 — i,550 — — - m rn m 2,120 5 5*

1,000 — — 383 13 3 828 1 4 100,000 319 9- 1,000 — 100 — - - - 360 300,000 fcO O O 10 0 0 0 0 1 i 1 1

O*

9

-4

to

g

eg'

r+

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

J*

Matthew Forster, late Commissary Gen’ in the Leeward Islands -James Fitter, for the Militia in the County of Surrey -Joshua Peart ----- ---- Nottingham -

James and John Aleyrick, Agents to the 86th Regiment

Thomas Rashleigh, for a Fine to the King -

Ross and Collyer, Agents to the 1st Regiment Light Dragoons Ross and Ogilvie, D* - - - 72d Regiment - -

James Fitter and Despord Croasdaile, D* 91st Regiment Griffiths, for Usury -

Imprest Money repaid by Col. Matthew Dixon -

Lieu* Gen' Will" Tayler, Brigadier Gen1 in East Florida David Barclay, on Account of and Co. -

William Ticks, Inspector of Works in Canada -

Skc(jington Lutwidge, Esq’, Extor. of Charles Esq', late

ltcc* Gen1 of the Isle of Man ——

John Hatsell, Esq', Clerk of the House of Commons -

Kinder Mason, Esq', late Contractor in East Florida -

General Andrew Dunfford ——

John Smith, Esqr ——

S' John Dalling, Governor of Jamaica -

John Lane, Esq* ——

Elizabeth Campbell, Extrix. of John Campbell, late Agent for Georgia -

A leaf Adair, on Account of East Devon Militia -James Parsons, on Account of Thomas and Benjamin Allen, for Monies due to the King ——

355 9 3

1,000 — —

1,800 — —

4,000 — —

277 10 —

i,998 12 10

4,000 — —

2,000 — —

150 — —

366 7 11 i

124 10 6

4A73 19 8

3,735 9 5

5,000 — —

190 10 2

5,000 — —

638 17 —

9 19 4t

i,359 12 2*

24 18 9

3,255 — —

548 19 4 i

400 — —

392 10 1

Money repaid by Cox and Greenwood, Agents to the 1st Regiment of Foot Guards -D° - -- Coldstream Regiment -

Edwd Bishop and William Brummell, for West Kent Militia Montague Wilkinson, Esq', Agent for the Troop of Horse Guards Ross and Ogilvie, Agents to the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards D° - -- -- - 81st Regiment -

Rob' Rashleigh, et. al. for Sale of Army Accoutrements -

Will" Wood, late Paymaster of Incidental Expences at Quebec -William Cowden, Agent to the 29th Regiment -

D* - -- -- 16th Dragoons - -

Timothy Nucella, for an Annuity, A0 1746, overpaid -James and John Meyrick, Agents to 50th Regiment - -George Blount, Esq1,. D° - - - 6th Dragoons - -

James Meyrick, Extor. of James Meyrick, for Non-effective Allowances -D*, on Account of D°, and Rob' Porter, Agents to several Regiments -

1,617 ——

630 — — *>337 19 5 788 17 5 950 5 —

1,000 ——

4,524 19 8 1,446 8 7 5,850 15 8

1,920 ——

2 10 —

3,800 ——

14 11 — 6,751 12 1 905 9 o

240 15 3

CO

o

w

o

179 16 1

500 ——

309 1 —

47 16 — ,

600 ——

21 18 1

Or

► — *

D

(Q

r — H

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

D

►1

rr

----- ----- ----- ---- Ot

From

6th January 1790 to O-5th January 1791.

Money repaid by Nathaniel Collyer, Esqr, Agent to 75th Regiment

Thomas Cotton, Esq', on Account of Salaries of Chief Justice, &c. of the Bermuda Islands »

Imprest Money repaid by Joshua Loring, Esq', late Commissr of Prisoners at New York

John Ralchen West, late Agent for Georgia -John Lambe, Esq' - -

S' Ferdinando Poole,on Account of Edward la.te Secretary of the Lottery ——

James Jones, Extor. of William Field, late Agent for East Essex Militia ——

D° D* - - - West D°....

Thomas James MatthiasAgent to the Dorset and East York Militia - -

Lord Howe, late Treasurer of the Navy -

From 6th January 1786 to 5th January 1787.

s. d.

Money repaid by George Ross and Alep Gray, Agents to the 3d Regiment -

D*..... - 19th De -

D;.....35th D# .

Lieu* Gen1 AleP Leslie, late Commander in South Carolina -Robert Adair and Joseph Partridge, Esq", Extors. of John Adam Frederick Hesse, on Account of Invalid Officers -

S' John Chichester, Bar*, Sheriff of Devon, for Distress on a Bond Robert Mackenzie, late Paymaster of Provincial Forces -John Russell, Esq', Agent to Glamorganshire Militia -

Messrs. Ross and Gray, Agents to 83d Regiment - -

Joseph White,on Account of George Hesse, D° 70th Regiment -JViilm Mitford, Esq', on Account of Edztf1 Manning, for French Prizes -' Thomas Steele, Esq', for Interest on £. 187,000 ——

Imprest Money repaid by Alexander Adair and Thomas Bullock, for several Reg" -

D°.....- for D*

D° - - -.....for D# -

D", Extor. of William Adair, for D*

Daniel Macknamara, Extor. of Richd Rigby, late Paymaster of the Forces -

From 6th January 1787 to 5th January 1788.

From 6th January 1788 to 5th January 1789,

2,541

3,844

2,890

s. d.

10 8

10 —

11 — i

2 —

9 7i

7 8!

1 1

From 6th January 1789 to 5th January 1790.

47 15 6 58 19 41

s.

d.

156 l 21 90 17 8* 27 3 4 112 15 3

518 15 —

— 10 6

1,796' — 5i

11 16 2 191 4 —

1,500 ——

3,000 ——

4,026 ——

909 19 21

39 1 8 349 8 1 249 7 8

31,367 18 7

I- S' A

413 17 11 1,446 8 7

2,000 — — 8,052 12 —

o* , O'- ,

to

h

o

,o>

Isaac Winslow, Clerk, Extor. of Jonathan Clerke -

Lord North, and E\fr , s. of Geo. , late Payin' of the Forces

S' George Cornwall, B‘, Extor. of John Amyand -

446 14 9 2,793 14 8

447 18 9

Money repaid by Nathaniel Collycr, on Acc* of Col. Tar It on's Regiment -

Bryan Broughton, Esq', on Acc* of Charles late Receiver General

of the Isle of Man - -

Thomas Cotton, Esq', for Sale of Military Stores -Scnhouse Wilson, on Account of the Revenue of the Isle of Man -2’ho‘ Cotton, Esq', towards the Relief of the Poor at New Brunswick -

CO

2,600 — —

774 17 —

19 8 9

1,920 — —

316 14 10

O

w

o

HH

Imprest Money repaid by Will" Brummell, Esq', Agent for Out Pensioners Chelsea Hospital -

Loftus Anthonu Tottenham, Col. of 90th Regiment, on Account of William Fitch ——

John Smith, Esq', Paymaster of Provincial Forces -Ann Rigby, et al. Residuary Legatee* of Richard Rigby, late Paymaster of the Forces -

Sir Charles Marsh, K' -

Lord Heathfield, Extor. of Lord Heathfield, late Governor of Gibraltar ——

Henry Charles Litchfield, Esq' -

12,000

2,800

2,519

17,273

263

495

80

10 3

17 3 9 4$

6 21

16 10 I

Compositions by John Jackson, for land Tax

450 -

450 ——

45o ——

450 ——

450 -

Arrears of Taxes

88,707 19 2

1,000 ——

178,007 ’6 10

2,000 ——

51,845 4 31

350,502 9 9

256,104 1

9

OS* .

C>

D

(Q

r — H

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

eg,

?r

Crt

wz-3 S" |

a h-i

§:§ 2 ego

g

co'

N

CD

CL

cr

From From From From From

6th January 1786 to 6th January 1787 to 6th January 1788 to 6th January 1789 to 6th January 1790 to

5th January 1787. 5th January 1788. 5th January 1780. 5th January 1700. 5th January 1791.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £ d. £ s. d. £. s..d.

Arrears of 15th 35. Aid, A° 1767 - 1,065 5 3 - 929 11 1

16th - - - - 1768 - 507 17 4

19th - - - - 1772 - 8,000 12 7 6 - - 5 11 10

22d - - - - 1775 - - 15 19 7

40th 4 s.Aid, A° 1776 - 500 - 500 — — 500 — —

42d - - - - 1778 - - 274 12 7

43d ... - 1779 - - 3,339 !4 7 2,000 910 1 10 - - 244 2 1 $

44th- - - - 1780 - - m - - - - 1,672 15 11 247 19 0 f 5,958 — 2 i

45th- - - - 1781 - - 329 15 1 - 96 — —

46th- - - - 1782 - - 342 2 10 22 8 8 59 9 — 14 — 6

47th- - - - 1783 - - 46,41112 4 i 532 8 4 1,344 13 4 263 8 4

48th- - - - 1784- - 24,156 9 4 10,703 19 9 71 13 9i 311 16 11 — 4 —

49th- - - - 1785- - - 9,907 4 l i 7,122 18 6 i 2,936 7 9 157' 9 7

50th- --- 1786- 21,116 17 2i 11,601 15 6 2,085 3 2

51st ..... 1787 - i,439 19 3 i 1,455 12 5 i

52d - - - - 1788 - - - - W0 - - - " - 2,000

- £ 86,092 8 1 23,414 — 8 £ 38,137 12 1 i 17,067 8 4 6,456 — 5

£ d. £ d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £. . d.

Arrears of the Duty on Malt, A* 1784 608 - - - i,39° 1 2

178.5 1,006 7 11

1780 1 4,199 16 5 9,286 17 3

1788 - 1

£ 608 1,006 7 1t 4,199 1-6 5 i,39° 1 2 9.286 17 3

£ s. d. £. s. d. £ s- d. L s. d. £ d.

Total of Imprest Monies, Arrears of Land Taxes, and Arrears of the Duty on Malt - - £ mm* ^1 La 4^ O 00 VI Co 202,427 15 5 94,18212 10 368,959 19 4 271,846 19 3i

Exchequer, the 21st Day of March 1791.

Robert Jennings.

10° Mali. A. 179

eg'

r — t-

n'

CD

Q.

CT

O

o

eg.

FT

Appendix (F.) K" 3.

ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money w hi :.i have been npjilied as Part of the Ways and Means of the last Five Years, arising from Army Savings, from the Loans of 17891 ® the Sale of French Prizes, or from Foreign Secret Service repaid.

from

CO

a

o

1st June 1786. There was voted towards the Supply for the Year 17S6, of the Monies granted for the l%c of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other

Services in the Year 17S4, which remained in the Exchequer unapplied -

20th L)°. Voted towards the Supply of the said Year 1781'', the Surplus of the Monies voted for the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea

Hospital, for the Year 1785 ——

8lh May 1787. There was voted, towards the Supply for the Year 17S7, of the Monies granted for the Use of His Majesty’s Land Forces in the

Year 1785, which remained in the Exchequer unapplied ——

6th May 1788. There was voted, towards the Supply for the Year 178S, of the Monies granted for the Use of His Majesty’s Land Forces, which

remained in the Exchequer unapplied

2lst July 1789. There was voted towards making good the Supply for the Year 1789, the Balance remaining in the Hands

of the Paymaster General of llis Majesty’s Forces, alter satisfying the outstanding Demands lor the /. s.

Year 1788 ’....." - - - 398,7% 1 3

The Amount of the Monies contributed for Annuities with the Benefit of Survivorship, in pursuance of an Act

29* Georgii 3'".....-..... 1,002,140 -

D°, for Annuities to continue for 18 Years and 3 Quarters, from the 5th Dav of April 1789, pursuant to One other Act

290 Georgii 3tu.....- 187,000 ——

290, S10 4 t{

21,568 13 2i

3i2,37S 17 9

180,000 ——

200,000 ——

q

Money paid into the Exchequer, arisen by the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of the late War in the Year 1756 ——

3,000 ——

27th April 1790. Voted, towards making good the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1790, of the Money advanced for Foreign Secret Service, repaid

into the Exchequer ——

Treasury Chambers, 4lh of May 1791.

1,59°»9°9 1 3

34,000 ——

2,317,287 19 —

TV. Speer.

Oi

<0

wir-g

X3 e> O

ft -1 5 - r»

2 O

O ft

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg.

FT

Appendix (F.) N® 4-To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT, stating the -Sums raised by Way of Lottery, in the Years 1786, 17^7> *7&8, 1789, and 1790; with the Amount of the Money paid for Prixes, and for

Charges of Management, in each Year.

s rl>

i-.S ° g I a

« n

A* 178b. A Lottery was granted, for raising ——

Paid to the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Prizes ——

The Charge to the Bank for receiving Subscriptions, and paying the Prizes ——

Paid the Commissioners for managing and drawing the Lottery, taking in Tickets, and making out Certificates in lieu thereof -

Profit to the Public ----'- ——

A° 17S7. A Lottery was granted, for raising ——

Paid to the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Prizes ——

The Charge to the Bank for receiving Subscriptions, 8cc. and paying the Prizes ——

Paid the Commissioners for managing and drawing the Lottery, taking in Tickets, and making out Certificates in lieu thereof -

Profit to the Public ——

d.

500,000 ——

1,000 ——

11,75° ——

£ s. d.

688,750 ——

512,750 ——

Or

to

O

A" 1788. A Lottery was granted, for raising ——

Paid to the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Prizes ——

D° - ----- ----- --- for Discount on Prompt Payments -

The Charge to the Bank for receiving Subscriptions, &c. and paying the Prizes ——

Paid the Commissioners for managing and drawing the Lottery, taking in Tickets, and making out Certificates in lieu thereof -

Profit to the Public

A® 1789. A Lottery was granted, for raising ——

Paid to the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Prizes -

D° ----- for Discount on Prompt Payments

The Charge to the Bank for receiving Subscriptions, & c. and paying the Prizes ——

Paid the Commissioners for managing and drawing the Lottery, taking in Tickets, and making out Certificates in lieu thereof -

Profit to the Public ——

A" 179°- A Lottery was granted, for raising ——

Paid to the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Prizes ——

D® - -- -- for Discount on Prompt Payments -

The Charge to the Bank for receiving Subscriptions, &c. and paying the Prizes Paid the Commissioners for managing anil drawing the Lottery, taking in Tickets, and

Profit to the Public ——

making out Certificates in lieu thereof -

500,000 ——

1,000 ——

11,050 ——

480,000 ——

614 10 4

1,000 ——

12,000 ——

500,000 — — 386 17 — ’

1,000 ——

12,000 ——

500,000 ——

33t 611

1,000 ——

12,000 ——

750,875 -

512,950 ——

750,600 ——

493,614 10 4

771,562 10 —

513,386 17 —

« _

79°,937 —

5i3,33i 6 11

Memorandum. ----- — There has been paid to the Commissioners for managing and drawing the Lottery for the Year 1790 the Sum of £. 1,500 only;

but it is presumed the Remainder will be issued to them to complete the Sum of £, 12,000, as usual.

Exchequer,

176,000 ——

243>925 —

256,985 9 8

258,175 *3 —

277,606 3 1

1,212,692 5 9

the 30th Day of March 1791,

JRoba't Jentiings.

10° Mail. 1791.

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

O"

o

o

o

oo

FT

o

r

o>

o>

5»

(G.) N* i. (H.) N* l. (I.) N* i. (I.) N* l.

(K.) N* i. (K.) N# 2.

(L.) N° l. N° 2.

(M.) N* i. (N.) N* i. (O.) N# i.

Appendix (F.) N#. 5.

ABSTRACT of the Total Expence incurred in the last Five Years.

Interest and Charges of the Public Debt -Exchequer Bills ——

Civil List - -

Charges on Aggregate and Consolidated Funds -NAVY.

Ordinary ——

Extra Estimate -Wear and Tear -

Extra Services - -

To discharge Debt -

ARMY.

Ordinary ——

Extraordinaries (b) -

Troops in East India - -

ORDNANCE.

Ordinary and Extraordinary -Extra Services -

Sea Service ——

MILITIA.

The Accounts for 1789 and 1790 are not made up.

MISCELLANEOUS SERVICES.

Under Heads stated by the former Committee

Loyalists ——

Extraordinaries, including Civil List Debts, Prince of s Debts, Carlton House, Foreign Secret Service, Provisions to New South Wales, Somerset House, Hastings's Trial, &c.

Appropriated Duties ——

1786.

9,010,404

246,906

889.000

67,633

692,326

800.000 889,200

6,000

1,405,067

358,386

61,925

287,096

93,671

46,800

65,827

118,548

346,760

259,368

75,626

15,720,543

1787.

9,276,210

267,484

898.000 82,814

700,000

650.000 889,200 175,407

(a) 1,471,047

381,836

55,i68

328,576

18,300

46,800

111,480

55,927

140,596

36,387

(c) 35,551

15,620,783

1788.

9,276,559

296,670

898,000

103,346

700.000

600.000 889,200

(a) 1,541,969 312,972 85,797

419,407

46,800

102,024

105,565

85,329

297,279

39,879

15,800,796

1789.

9,283,108

262,246

898.000 m,573

713.000 .575,570

988.000

1,518,293

278,536

77,922

450,138

9,306

52,000

98,329

397,092

270,555

46,536

(d) 16,030,204

1790.

9,339,729

225,318

898.000

109,385

703,276

490,360

988.000

200.000

1,517,616

263,638

71,596

418,207

39,239

52,000

129,208

366,599

66,084 ____ 34,342

(6)15,912,597

CO

i — *

O

w

o

9

sv

S:

(a) These Totals do not tally with the Account referred to, because the Armament of 1787 is here inserted in the Year in which it was incurred.

(b) These are inserted in the Year in which they were respectively incurred. — The Extraordinaries of 1785, charged upon 1786, amounted to ^, 573,°87*

(c) This is the Remainder, after deducting such Sums as were disposed of by Parliament, for the Service of this and the preceding Year, or carried to the Consolidated Fund in this Year.

(d) Exclusive of Militia.

D

eg"

rf

N'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

Appendix (G.) N* 1.

To the Committee appointed to examine the Accounts of the Public Income and Expenditure,

Pi

S M *

So 9

c g

-I 3

n <»

An ACCOUNT shewing the Amount of the Sums paid or reserved in the Exchequer for Payment of the Interest and Charges of the Public Debt, in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789,

and 1790, on Account of each of the said Years respectively.

A® 1786. A® 1 787. A® 1788. A® 1789. A® 1 790.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ S. d. £. d. £. s. d.

- m 144,649 4 8 144,649 4 8 144,649 4 8 144,649 4 8 144,649 4 8

- - 540 — — 540 — — 540 — — 540 — *4.0 — —

- * 67,296 11 7 67,296 11 7 67,296 11 7 67,296 n 7 67,296 n 7

- V 9 97,285 14 4 97,285 14 4 97,285 14 *4 97,285 14 4 97,285 14 4

" 30,401 15 8 30,401 15 S 30,401 15 8 30,401 15 8 30,401 15 8

m 100,000 — — 100,000 _ — 100,000 _ 100,000 — - - 100,000 —

- - 15,000 — — 15,000 — — 15,000 — — 15,000 — — 15,000 — —

- - 121,898 3 5 121,898 3 5 121,898 3 5 121,898 3 5 121,898 3 5

- - 37,500 - — — 37,500 — 37,5oo — — 37,500 — — 37,500 — —

- - 52,500 — — 52,500 — — 52,500 — — 52,500 — — 52,500 — —

29,604 29,604 29,604 1J 1 29,604 — - 29,604 — — -

3,270,320 15 , 3,270,189 16 — 3,269,833 17 - 3,269,516 7 6 3,269,289 2 6

- - 1,139,105 12 5 i 1,136,949 13 5 1,136,827 18 11 1,136,726 4 1.1 1,136,498 19 11

- - 1,326,579 13 9 1,324,737 10 — C324,737 10 — - 1,324,737 10 — 1,324,737 10 —

- - 904,632 5 9 901,541 3 4k 90i,54i 3 4 k 901,541 3 41 901,541 3 4i

- - 30,450 — — 30,450 — — 30,450 — — 30,450 — — 30,450 — —

516,021 18 3* 688.029 4 4 688,029 4 4 f 688,029 4 4 T 688,029 4 4 i

306,660 1 5 408,880 2 11 k 408,880 2 n 415,880 19 2 I 422,881 15 5 i

25,316 7 1 I 25,140 12 6 25,000 25,000 — 25,000 —

. 735,074 13 11 735,974 ,3 11 735,974 13 11 735,974 13 11 735,974 13 11

- - 58,667 15 6 58,642 — 3 58,609 5 6 58,576 7 41 58,547 8 —

£ 9,010,404 12 7 i 9,277,210 6 5 9,276,559 5 Si 9,283,108 — 4 9,289,625 7 2»

o?

to

Exchequer.

Annuities for Lives and long Terms -D® ----- - with Survivorship, A0 1765

D® - - - for Lives, A* 1745, 1746, 1757, 1778, 1779

East India Company.

Annuities at £.3 per Cent, on £.3,200,000 -

D° ----- --- £. 1,000,000 -

Bank of England.

Annuities at £.3 per Cent, on £.3,200,000 -

D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

£. 500,000 £.4,000,000 £.1,250,000 £.1,750,000 £. 986,800

Chief Cashier of the Bank of England.

Annuities at £.3 per Cent, on 107,399,696

D®.....37,340,073

D® - - - 4 per Cent, on 32,750,000

D° - - - 5 per Cent on 17,869,993

D* - - - 3 per Cent, on 1,000,000

Annuities for long Terms -

D® - - for short Terms -

D® - - for Ten Years -

s.

5

16

d. U 4 -

9 10

South Sea Company.

£ * <1-Annuities at £.3 per Cent, on 24,065,084 13 11 f -D®.....1,919,600 ——

Memorandum:

The Management on Annuities 29° Gij. 3*" not being settled cannot therefore be charged.

By an Act 29® Gij.3'", £.1,002,500 were directed to be raised by Annuities on Lives, to commence from 10th October 1790: But by some Persons not compleating their Subscription, £. 1,002,099 only was received at the Bank; and as the First Payment was not due till 5th April 1791, the same is not included in this Account, nor the Principal added to the Debt.

In pursuance of the said Act £. 50,104. 195. was issued to Charles Tozimhcnd, Esquire, One of the Deputy Tellers of the Exchequer, to be paid over to the Contributors for One Year and One Quarter’s Interest, at £.4 per Cent, from 5th July 1789 to 10th October 1790.

Note. In the Year 1786 Three Quarters Annuity only was paid on Account of the Long and Short Annuities, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Year 1786, for altering the Days of Payment of those Annuities; but in each of the following Years a compleat Year’s Payment was made; and the Difference in the several Totals arises from a Reduction in the Charges of Management, and from the Addition of Half a Year’s Payment on Account of Short Annuities granted in the Year 1789, and a whole Year’s Payment on Account of the same Annuities in the Year 1790.

Exchequer, the 2ist Day of April 1791.

Robert Jennings.

16LII ' VWoOI

o

r»

o

Appendix (O.) N® 2.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they stood on the /»th Day of January 1791; with the

assembled. Annual Interest,

and other Charges payable thereon.

EXCHEQUER:

Annuities for Long Terms, being the Remainder of the Original Sum contributed and unMib>cribi d to the Snith Sea Company D® - for Two and Three Lues, being the Remainder alter whai is fallen in by Deaths ——

Exchequer bills made out for Interest of Old Rills ——

Annuities for Lives, with the Rene fit of Survivorship, granted by an Act GVo. 3ta Rs. being tl.e Original Sum contributed

Note. The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, <\*r. t ring Annual Grants, art not charged in this Account; nor the Ainu viz. £.3,500,000; nor the £. l,bSJ,8pl. If). 4j, bun* part of £. '-\< 0CU><hi; nor the £.<)S0,500# Part of £. several Acts of Parliament of the last Stssion, and iharg* d on the Supplies of the present Year.

EAST INDIA C O M P A N Y:

By Two Acts of Parliament 9* ll'illi. 3th Rs. and Two other Acts 6* ct if A time Ri a?f at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. -Annuities at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. A0 1744 - - - - 1.

07,155 8

RANK OF ENGLAND: Purchased of the South Sea Company ——

Oil their Oiiginal Fund, at £.3 per Cent. p'T Ann. from 1st August 1743

For cancelling Exchequer Rills by Acts 3W Gij. I1 Its. ——

Annuities at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. A° 1714.

D*

D°

D°

D°

D®

D®

I)®

D®

£.3 per Cent, per Ann. A® 1719

£.3 per Cent, per Ann. A° 174(1 ——

£.3 per Cent, per Ann. granted by an Act 12° Gij. lmi Rs. -£.3 per Cent, per Ann. consolidated by A« t* ‘35°, 2N°, 2f)°, 31°, 3C°, et 33° Georgii <2d‘

£.3 per Cent, per Ann. granted and consolidated with the above Capital, being Part of £.6,000,000, granted by an) Act 24* Gij. 3tU Rs. but by a Subscriber not having completed the Payment of £. 1,16*0, being his Proportion of}* the Principal Sum of £.2,000, the Sum is reduced to £.3 per Cent, per Ann. consolidate d by Acts 25° Gij. 2dl Rs. 5° et 21° Gij. 3lii Rs.

£.4 per Cent, per Ann. granted by Acts 17% 20°, 21°, 22°, 23®, et 24° Georgii 3li‘ Rs. -£.5 per Cent, per Ann. granted by Acts 24 et 25 Gij. 3lil 11s.

Is. and several subsequent Acts

000,0<

being his Proportion v.

-J

3,2oofoooo — 500,000 —

1.250.000 —

1.750.000 — 9K(>, S00 —

101,401,6*<j (i 5

5,9V8,000 —

H

On their Capital Stock and Annuities 9° Gij. ln Annuities at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. A" 1751

Rs.

SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

1«,® Gij. 2di Rs. I)° - -

30° Gij. 2di Rs. D° - -

1 8° 3'*' Rs. D® - -

1<)° 3,:i Us. D# - -

1° (Hi. 3th Rs. D° were granted for

o» Gij 3"' Rs. I)° - I)°

20° 3 Rs. I)° I)°

22° 3 Rs. D° - D°

D 23° 3 Rs. D° - I)°

cq‘ 24° 3 Rs. D° - D°

l»° 6 Rs. n° - - ' 1)°

N CD 1.9® Rs. I)° - I)0

CL 29° 3 Rs. I)0 - D®

CT *< 17® Gij. Rs. L>° - D°

O

0

0 Memorandum:

00 No Management on the Annuities for 1

Treasury; and on the 10th October

Memorandum:

Rv an Act 18° Gij. 2di Rs. Annuities on Lives were granted to the Amount of £.22,500, which were reduced on the 5th January 1787 to

----- £.45,000, which were reduced to -

- £.33,750, which were reduced to -

- 2,849- 13. which were reduced to -

- £. 5,318. 18. 7. which were reduced to -

Term of 99 Years, payable at the Bank of England, to the Amount of

98 Years, D° ——

80 Years, D° ——

78 Years, D° ——

77 Years, D° - - - - .

75*- Years, I)° ——

30 Years, I)° ——

29 Years, I)° ——

- IS* Years, D° ——

10 Years, amounting to the Sum of £.25,000 per Ann. which ceased on the 5th April 1787, and is to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed for paying off the National Debt ——

From which Time ('onmrnsioiiers appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt are entitled to Annuities fallen in by lapsed Lives

128,250 ——

120,000 ——

217,500 ——

118,125 ——

80,000 ——

16,500 ——

147,150 7 —

257,181 1 S

14.001 12 6

Principal Debt. Annual Interest. Management and other Charges putable thereon. total.

w vi r~ £.t. d. £. t. d. £- * d.

j 1,903,431 6 1 $ 139,399 4 8 5,250 144,649 4 8

2,200 j 8,000 — y 540 ..... 540 __

3,200,000 1,000,000 1 1 1 1 O O §1 VC 0 O', n 1,285 14 4 401 15 8 97,285 14 . 30,401 15 8

4,000,000 120,000 1, S98 3 5 121,898 3 5

7,686,800 230,604 4,000 234,604

1,000,000 1 30,000 450 30,450

107,3.99,696 5 1 i 3,221,990 17 9 47,114 17 3 3,269,011 5

J 37,340 073 16 4 1,120,202 4 3 16,075 7 8 1,136,277 11 11

32,750,(8)0 1,310,000 14,737 10 — 1,324,737 10 —

17,h69,993 9 10 893,499 13 8,041 9 11 901,541 3 41

24,065,084 13 11 i 721.952 10 9 14,022 3 2 735,974 13 11

1,919,600 57,588 943 15 6 58,531 15 6

- 12,318 5 — 22,466 10 — 24,567 5 - 67,296 11 7

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I 2,769 13 — 5,174 18 7 680,375 7,654 4 4f 688,029 4 41

} ' 418,333 — ll 4,548 14 6f 422,881 15 5|

25,000 ..... 25,000

240,154,879 11 9.162.7S1 3 4 126,423 15 10 9,289,110 9 2

'Pontine, but the future Annuity is not yet ascertained.

Exchequer, the 21st Day of March 1791.

Robert Jennings.

a

T3 o 2 ft

Da e-x o

£ o 5

|8

31 Geo. Ill. 10° Mail523

524

A. 1791.

10° M.

Report on

Public Income it Expenditure.

Appendix (H.) N* i.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Expences incurred for Interest on Exchequer Bills, in the Years 1786, 1787,

1788, 1789, and 1790.

Land Tax 1786. Malt Tax 1786. Supplies 1786.

£.67,789 — 5 £.33,67818 5 £.145,438 8 —

Land Tax 1787. Malt Tax 1787. Supplies 1787.

£.71,269 — 5 £.15,244 16 6 £180,970 3 2

Land Tax 1788. Malt Tax 1788. Supplies 1788.

£.76,599 8 2 £.28,55012 — Consolidated Fund 1788 - - - £.186,209 — 7* £-5,311 10 8

Land Tax 1789. Malt Tax 1789. Supplies 1789.

£.60,697 8 3 £25,557 15 6 £175,991 7 6

Land Tax 1790. Malt Tax 1790. Supplies 1790.

£.42,62310 9 £.11,907 13 6 [£.170,787 3 7 j if paid off at the b usual Time.

TOTAL.

£. s. d.

246,906 6 10

267,484 — 1

296,670 11 5 §

262,246 11 3

225,318 7 10

£.1,298,625 17 si

aca -i'.iaiia=g=BBagr

Exchequer Bill Office,

the 23d Day of February 1791. jym j, Coohf Accountant.

3

t*

Appendix (I.) N* 1.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the several Charges on the Aggregate and Consolidated Funds in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790 respectively, exclusive of the Interest on the

A II011C l/cUl3«

c/a

a

(Q

n'

CD

a cr

o

o

o

oa,

FT

i his Annuity of £. 8,000

- - £. 9,000

D* £. 8,000

D° . £.3,000

D# £.4,000

D* . £. 2,000

D9 . £. 1,500

D9 - £.7,000

D* D®

D* £. 300

D* _ £. 300

D# . £. 300

D° - £. 200

D* - £.1,000

D° — D®

D° - D"

D9 . £. 500

D° - D®

For the Support of llis Majesty's Household -

His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gloucester, o


His Royal Highness Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland,

The Represents, of Arthur Onslow, Esquire The Earl of Chatham -

George Lord Rodney ——

Sir George Augustus Elliott (now Lord Heathfield)

The Right honourable Lore^ Sondes - -

The Right honourable Lord Mountstuart -Philip Deare, Esquire ——

John Wigglesworth, Esquire - -

John Uoyd, Esquire - -

Charles Harris, Gent. -

Sir William Musgrave, Bart. One of the Commissioners!

for auditing the Public Accounts, See. - - - J

John Thomas Batt, Esquire, another - -

John Martin Leake, Esquire, another Sir John Dick, Bart, another -

William Molleson, Esquire, another - -

Clerks, Contingencies, &c. in the Office of Public Accounts The Usher of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer for Necessaries -The Sheriffs of the several Counties of England and Wales, to defray the Charges of taking forth!

their Letters Patent, &c. - - - - -/

Lady Maria Carlton, on her Annuity of ----- - £.1,000 -

The Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances -Charles Bembridge, Esquire, late Secretary, Sic. in the Office for managing the former Duties onY Wine Licences ----- ----- - - -J

Him more as late Messenger to D° ——

Ann Cass, late Office Keeper to D* ——

The Officers in the Exchequer Bill Office on their Salaries ——

Robert Smith, Esquire, Master of the Mint, in Scotland ——

Thomas, Earl of Effingham, et al. for the Use of his Majesty's Mint in England -The Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in England and Scotland

The Chief Cashier of the South Sea Company, to pay Fees, &c. at the Exchequer, See.

D° - - - - Bank of England, - - - D° - -

The Paymaster of Exchequer Bills, to pay Interest on Exchequer Bills made out on the Credit!

of the Consolidated Fund - -- - - - -J

Henry Addington, Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons ——

The Heirs and Descendants of the late William Penn, Esquire, on their Annuity of £.4,000 -

George Atwood, Esquire, Inspector of Tontine Certificates ——

The Clerk of the Hanaper in the Court of Chancery -....

Exchequer, the 21st Day of March 1791.

A9 1786:

£. s. d.

889*000 -

8,000 -

9,000 ——

8,000 -

3,000 -

4,000 -

2,000 -

1.500 ——

7,00° ——

7.000 -

300 ——

300 ——

300 ——

200 ——

1.000 -

1,000 -

1,000 -

500 ——

500 ——

6,000 -

371 14 51

4,000 -

2,011 9 10\

650

956,633 4 3J

A» 1787:

£. s. d.

898,000 — —

8,000 ——

9,000 ——

8,000 ——

3.000 ——

4.000 ——

2.000 -

1,500 -

7.000 ——

7.000 ——

300 -

304 ——

300 -

2oo ——

1.000 -

1,000 -

1,000 -

500 ——

500 -

6.000 ——

1,827 7 7i

4.000 ——

1.000 -

13,409 2 10

97 1* —

15 ——

15 ——

650 -

1,200 -

A® 1788:

d.

980,814 — 5 J

£. i.

898,000 ——

8,000 -

9,000 -

8,000 -

3.000 ——

4.000 -

2.000 -

1,500 - —

7.000 -

7.000 -

300 ——

300 ——

300 ——

200 ——

1,000 -

1,000 -

1,000 -

500 ——

500 ——

6.000 —

953 5

4.000 —

1.000 —

13,050 —

130 —

20 —

20 —

650 — 1,200 — 14,629 3 6,335 15 411 14 346 13

2*

1,001,346 11

A® 1789: A® 1790: Total of Five Years.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. «. d.

8p8tOOOO 898,000 4,481,000

8,000 8,000 40,000

9,000 9,000 — — 45,000

8,000 4,000 36,000

3,000 3,000 15,000

4,000 4,000 20,600

2,000 2,000 10,000

1,500 1,500 7,500

7,000 — — 7,000 35,000

7,000 7,000 35,000

300 300 1,500

300 300 1,500

300 150 1,350

200 200 1,000

1,000 1,000 5,000

1,000 1,000 5,000

1,000 1,000 5,000

500 500 2.500

500 500 2,500

6,000 6,000 30,000

3,047 2 6 2,194 17 9i 8,394 7 6i

4,000 4,000 20,000

1,000 1,000 % 6,011 9 101

13,050 13,050 52,559 2 10

130 130 487 10 —

20 20 75

20 20 75

650 650 3,250 — —

1,200 1,200 4,800 '

13,800 13,800 - — 42,229 3 6

6,335 15 — 6,335 15 — 19,007 5 —

- - 360 9 4 772 3 8

809 3 6 1,155 17 —

5,311 10 8 m m m 5,311 10 8

474 14 5 474 14 5

- - 4,000 4,000

3,000 3,000

1,600 2,700 — — 4,300 —

[,009>573 11 8 1,007,385 16 6$ A 1,955,753 4 6

03

l — l

G

w

o

<=i

Oi

to

ZJl

Robert Joining!.

pM

3 s 5

2 g* <-’

tfs

D

eg'

r — H

N‘

CD

Q_

cr

CD

o

eg

FT

f?5>w

«I-S

5 o' o

ls*a

|! §

PI

21st

Appendix (K.) N* 1.

Navy Office, "I An ACCOUNT shewing the Amount of the Sums granted by Parliament for the Service of His Majesty’s Navy, in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, st February 1791 *J and 1790, respectively: And also, the Amount of the Outstanding Debt of the Navy on the 31st December in each of the said Years.

Granted by Parliament, for

Wear and Tear, Wages,

YEARS. The Ordinary Estimate. Extra Estimate. and Vict* of Seamen, at £.3. 16. 0. per Man Extra Services. TOTAL. Debt of the Navy on the 31st December.

per Month.

1786 - £. s. £ s. d. £. s. d. £ d. Admiralty Build* £. . s. d. £. s. d.

692,326 18 8 800,000 889,200 6,000 2,387.526 18 8 1,608,208 6 —

Expence of the Armam*.

1787 - 700,000 650,000 — — 889,200 i75>407 5 11 2,414,607 5 11 1,892,650 1 6f

1788 700,000 600,000 889,200 - 2,189,200 — — 2,216,651 14 5

1789 - 713,000 575,570 988,000 ..... 2,276,570 — . 2,370,439 —

To discharge the Debt.

f 200,000 1

1790 - 703,276 17 11 490,360 988,000 < On Acco* of the Armam*. J 4,596.636 17 11 l,8l8,020 3 Hi

[ 2,215,000 J

Henry Martin, J. Henslow, Geo. Marsh, Geo. Rogers, W. Bellingham, E. Le Cras,

Sami W.

Oi

5:

<0

Appendix (K.) N* 2.

o Navy Office, "1 An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of the Sums granted by Parliament for the Service of His Majesty’s Navy for the Years 1786, 1787,1788, 17S*)> at,d 1790; 2d May 1791* I and also the Amount of the Expences incurred for Services not provided for by Parliament for the same Period.

Prepared for a Committee of the Honourable House of Commons.

o

cq‘

1 — h

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

N° of Men.

N° of Men voted.

18,000

20,000

HEADS of the GRANTS,

ORDINARY ESTIMATE.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Ac. the Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and

Contingencies relating thereto....

Superannuated Sea Officers ——

Pensions and other Allowances ——

Salaries, and Pay to the Officers and Clerks of the Dock and Rope Yards ——

Muster Master, and other Officers of the Out Ports -

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein ——

Charge of Harbour Moorings, and of Harbour Rigging ——

Ordinary Repairs of Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, &c. -Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers - -

Bounty to Chaplains ——

Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment ——

Ordinary Charge for Sick and Hurt Seamen ——

Short voted by Parliament

Amount of Extra Repairs, Buildings, Ac. ——

Seamen and Marines, at £.4 per Man per Month, exclusive of 4#. per Man per Month, accounted for by the Ordnance ——

Seamen and Marines (as above) ——

Total of the Ordinary Grants for the Navy

- £.

Additional Grant, towards discharging the Debt of the Navy Additional Grants, on Account of New Buildings at the Admiralty

on Account of the Armaments in 1787 and 1790

Total Sum granted by Parliament in each Year for the Navy -

Expence incurred for Services not provided for by Parliament (the Expence of the Navy exceeding the Ordinary Grants for each Year by this Amount)

By the Annual Expence falling short of the Grants for these Years there was a Decrease of the Navy Debt to the Amount of.

A* 1786:

A® 1787:

s.

47,492 8 25,919 17 11,349 16 25,405 4,508 78,298 33,795

69,910 ——

195 370 ——

193,000 ——

1,231 17 6

IS

6

11

19

6,044 2 —

092,326 18 8

692,326 18 8

800,000 -

889,200 - —

2,381,526 18 8

6,000 -

2,387,526 18 8

104,281 8 4

*. d.

55,990 26,028 10,649 25,351 4,508 77,506 33,686

66,130 -

206,820 186,000 1,231 .27,184 6,094

14

1

16

5

6 9 9

17 6

18 3 2 —

727,082 1 3

27,082 1 3

700,000 -

650,000 -

889,200 -

2,239,200 — —

175,407 5 11

2,414,607 5 11

287,723 1 4

A® 1788:

£. s. d.

56,730 14 31,482 17 10,604 25,351 4,508 76,503 33,096

62,870 ——

216,445 ——

183,000 — — 1,231 17 6 29.135 17 1

6,150 7 —

16

5

6 2 7

1

11

11

2

11

6

6

737,110 12 37,110 12

700,000

600,000

889,200

2,189,200 -

2,189, WO ——

324,001 12 10

A® 1789:

s. d.

56,003 29,949 10,432 25,351 4,508 77,507 33,598 59,480

204,910 ----- -|

175,000 ——

1,231 17 6 29,649 13 5

6,150 7 —

14

14

6

5

6

11

5

A* L790.

£.-

of.

713,773 2 6 773 2 6

713.000 -

575,570 -

988.000 -

2,276,570 ——

2,276,570 — _

153,787 6 6

56,551 28,500 10,717 25,351 4,508 76,539 31,700 55,840 — __

205,928 ——

169,000 ——

1,231 17 6 31,259 1 5 6,150 7 —

1 4

11 2 II

~ 7

5 —

703,276 17 11

703,276 17 a 490,360 -

988,000 -

2,181,636 J7 11

1 200,000 ——

Part of a Million voted

f 650,000 -

] 1,565.000 -

I Voted for the Armament

4,596,636 17 11

552,418 16 11

Geo. Rogers.

Henry Martin.

W. Palmer.

Geo. Marsh.

W. Bellingham.

E. Le Cras.

Sam' Wallis.

— o g n *1 g *

Jl§

31 Geo. III. 10° Mail527

D

cq‘

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

n>

Appendix (L.) N* l.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Expences of the Army for the last Five Years, taken from the Disposition Papers.

Guards and Garrisons ——

Plantations, exclusive of Provisions ——

Irish Regiments Abroad ——

Staff, in Great Britain - -....

Full Pay to Reduced Officers - -

Half Pay, British - - - - .

- - D° - American Forces -

- D* - Scotch Brigade ——

Officers, &c. ——

East India - -

Widows Pensions -

Chelsea In-Pensioners ——

- - D° - Out-Pensioners - -

Reduced Horse Guards ——

Two Troops of Horse, and Two Troops of Horse Grenadier Guards -Two Regiments of Life Guards - - - „ -

Compensation to Reduced Officers - -

- De - Private Gentlemen - -

Armament, 1787 ——

Hessian Subsidy -

Recruiting and Contingencies ——

New South Wales ——

Total Ordinary -Extraordinary -

1786

647,005

234,160

9.099

6.409 24,378

172,666

53,502

3,535

59,320

8,230

11.409

175,016

333

1,405,062

573,087

1,978,149

1787:

648,687

234,628

10,087

6,409

23,110

172,776.

59,999

3,422

59,253 8,230 11,812

172,525

223

1,411,161

420,311

1,831,472

1788:

598,367

315,865

8,758

6.427

4,273

172,776

59,999

3,392

60,863

11,292

9,978

173,833

223

28,490

19,294

3,768

28,000

59,878

36,093

1,601,839

437,004

2,038,843

1789

638,562

315,915

11,136

6,409

11,894

172,787

59,999

з. 392 63,043

и, 435 9,943

177,465

212

36,093

1,518,285

398,769

1,917,054

SI

2*

*5 o O

s.r~

£§ o SB3 P

1790.

578,562

317,549

8,245

6,409

10,808

162,797

59,999

3,392

63,276

11,435

9,991

180,930

202

36,093

64,500

3,411

1,517,607

356,458

1,874,065

Or

to

QD

S:

Note. This Account will not agree with Appendix (L.) N° 3. as the Shillings and Pence are here omitted, which makes the exact Difference.

<0

1

D

CQ

r — H

n'

CD

CL

CT

P

Appendix (L.) N* a.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the several Heads of Service of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, for the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790; distinguishing each Year.

Miscellaneous J Payments.

Victualling -Indian Presents - -

Pills of Exchange -

' Balances of Accounts.

Foreign promiscuous Payments Expences of Civil Department in Canada Pay of Officers -

Services in North Britain -Coals, Candles, and Barrack Utensils -To replace Accoutrements -Cloathing, &c. additional Men to Dragoons, &c. Offreckonings -Bat and Forage Money -

>. Promiscuous Payments at Home -Engineer Department in the West Indies

Deduct Stoppages for Victualling

Ol

H

Extra Payments on Account of the Forces in the East Indies ——

Subsistence, Offreckonings, and Arrears to Ditto Forces -

Given in Aid

1785:

Charged upon 1786.

£ * 208,632 2 4 21,091 TO 5 204,507 18 1

885 3 4 25,69l — 10

39,145 8 10 3,6i8 4 4

7,647 15 6

3,262 3 10 2,745 *6 11 25,793 2 —

1,387 9 6

16,310 15 2

560,718 11 1

2, Ml 5 1

75,832 16

638,662 12 4 65,575 4 1 k

573,087 8 2

1786:

Charged upon 1787-

£ ». d.

155,763 5 M

174,141 13 8

28,084 12 2

16,588 8 10 4,152 13 6 9,815 10 6

4,230 4 4 10,41624

403,192 11 3

4,176 4 3 57,749 4 5

465,117 19 11 44,806 2 7

420,311 17 4

1787:

Charged upon 1788.

£. . 146,660, 5 4 18,989 6 5 191,401 16 4

11,817 18 4

14,001 17 4,524 12 8,376 4 721 14

4,754 2 11 6,3*3 7 4 17,328 9 8

424,889 15 5

1,374 2 — 53,794 5 M

480,058 3 4 43,053 4 10

437,004 18 6

1788:

Charged upon 1789*

£ s. d. 138,816 — 1

25,013 14 8

95,518 8 —

16,523

19,406

15,813

3,456

9,156

5

12

18

19

7

28,047 2 11

351,752 8 7 38,780 12 6

312,971 16 1

1,158 4 —

84,639 1 2

398,769 1 3

398,769 1 3-

1789:

Charged upon J 7P0.

£ s. d. 170,136 14 6

38,267 12 — 9,762 1 5 7,860 9 8

23,084 18 11

15,158 8 .7

3,539 19 i° 9,061 7 2

1,186 6 10 31,426 10 —

309,484 8 11 30,948 19 2

278,535 9 9

1,978 13 — 75,944 9 7

356,458 12 4

356,458 12 4

1790:

Charged upon 1791.

£ d. 131,06316 2 13,409 5 7

19,41219 1

1,63215 n 2,77014 7 19,66819 7 12,40914 9 4,042 16 6 i5,927 18 3

22,502 3 10 50,338 - 8 4

293,179 12 7

29,542 3 9

263,637 8 10

3,812 10 4 67,784 18 10

335,234 l8 —

335,234 18 —

Pay-Office, Horse Guards, 3d May 1791.

(Errors excepted)

RJ Moksworth,

Accountant to the Paymaster General’s Office-

w

Pi-s

►O O

2 a ~

&s g

c a 3

3 §

31 Geo. III. - 10° Mail 529

530

10° Mail

A. 1791.

Appendix (L.) N* 3-

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of the Sums granted or voted by Parliament for the Service of

His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790, respectively; distinguishing the Ordinary Expences from the Extraordinaries.

<5* The 21st July 1789, the Honourable Hotise of Commons resolved, That the Sum of 398,769. 1. 3» being a Balance in the Hands of the Paymaster General, after satisfying the outstanding Demands for the Year 1788, be granted to His Majesty towards the Supply.

Molestiorth,

Accomptant to the

Paymaster General’s Office.

1786 - - Ordinary

Extraordinary

£ d.

- 1,405,0(7 6 ioJ\

- 573,087 8 2

£ 9. d.

1,9/8,154 15 — i

1787 - - Ordinary

Extraordinary

- 1,4*1,169 6 10 j

- 420,311 17 4 /

1,831,4S1 4 2

1788 - - Ordinary

Extraordinary

- 1,601,847 13 2 j

- 437,004 18 6 j

2,038,852 11 8

1789 - - Ordinary »

Extraordinary

1790"- - Ordinary

Extraordinary -Tor the Armament

- 1,517,616 6

- 356,458 12

«- 305,000 — -

£. 9,944,626 7 1

ooQ

Appendix (M.) N® l.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Sums granted by Parliament for Service of His Majesty’s Ordn'ance, in the Years 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790 respectively; and also, an Account of the Expences incurred for Services not provided for by Parliament in each of the said Years. — Prepared pursuant to an Order of the Committee of the Honourable House of Commons appointed to examine into the Public Income and Expenditure, 19th April 1791; viz'.

Report 011

Public Iucomd & Expenditure.

1786 -

'Voted for Ordinary and Extraordinaries -

Works, in Part of the Estimate of the Board of General Officers , - - - , -

( Purchase of Lands at Plymouth, Favershain, and

G osport ——

per Man per Month, on the Vote for 18,000 Seamen

1787 -

'Voted for Ordinary and Extraordinaries Armament, Land Service -

Armament, Sea Service - - 10,000

4 s. per Man per Month, on the Vote for 18,000 Seamen - - - - -. - 46,800

£ * il-287,096 17 1

59,781 ——

33.890 15

380,768 12 2

46,800 ——

328,576 17 3

8,300 — 8

336,876 17 11

56,800 —

1788 -

1789 -

fVoted for Ordinary and Extraordinaries -4$. per Man per Month, on the Vote for 18,000 Seamen

Voted for Ordinary and Extraordinaries

Unprovided 1788, Land Service

.4 s.per Man per Month, on the Vote for 20,000 Seamen

Voted for Ordinary and Extraordinaries -Debt to 31st December 1783 -

Unprovided 1788, Land Service -

419,407 — 1

46,800 ——

1790 -

450.138 3 8 9,306 4 1

459.444 7 9 52,000 ——

418,207 17 5 1,575 4 3 13,869 — - 6

4j. per Man per Month, on the Vote for 20,000

Seamen - - - - 52,000 —

Unprovided 1788, Sea Service 23,795 16

1786

Expences incurred, and not provided for by J 1 Parliament, in - - - \

1789 179°

433,652 2 2

75,795 16 7

11,051 8 7

36,395 1 —

12,399 7 11

60,838 12 9 6,016 9 6

Note. — That the Sum of £.301,000, being the Expence of the Armament 1790, is not included in this Account.

c

£. s. d.

427,568 12 2*

393,676 17 11 466,207 — 1

511,444 7 9

509,447 18 9

126,700 19 9

2,435,045 16 5i

Mem-. — The above Sum of £. 126,700. 19. 9. being the Amount of the Expence of the Services incurred by the Ordnance during the Period of this Account, and not provided for by Parliament, has been defrayed partly by the Sale of old Stores, and Repayments of small Balances (which appear in the Accounts of the Charge of the Ordnance compared with the Grants regularly laid before Parliament, as soon as they can be made up) and the Remainder by a Sum of £. 61,909. o. 7, which has been voted for this Purpose in the present Session.

Office of Ordnance, 21 st April 1791.

V01. 4p,

G. Craafurd,

Clerk of the Ordnance.

Report on Public Income It Expenditure.

Appendix (N.) N® i.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums paid, out of the Produce of the Land Tax in each Year, from the 6th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791, for the Service of the Militia.

In the Year ----- 1786

In the Year ----- 1787

In the Year ----- 1788'

£. 97.974. 17. 21, exclusive of the Militia in Berks and Surrey, no Account of which hath yet been rendered to the Auditor, but on Estimate thereof, the Expence will amount to £.4,050. 15. 10, making together -

£ s.

- 65,827. 11. 81.

- 111,480. 18. 9L

- 102,025. >3-. — L

19th February 1791.

Jit. Hosier,

Deputy to Mr. Auditor

Richd Gray,

Deputy to Mr. Auditor

John Fenztwk,

Deputy to Mr. Auditor

Appendix (N.) N° 2. , »

An ESTIMATE of the Annual Expence of the Militia, for the Years after mentioned.

For 1789 - - - £98,939. 5- 5-

179° - £ 93,497 15. 5-

1791 - £ 93,497- 5-

Jit Hosier, Dep. Audr for England, except Four Counties.

Rich* Gray, D. Audr for Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham.

John Femcick, Dpty. Audr for the

Principality of Wales.

D

in

r — h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

ft

0


01

Appendix (O.) N* l.

An ACCOUNT of all Expences incurred under the Head of Miscellaneous Services, in the Years 1786, 1787* 1788, 1789* 179°» distinguishing each Year,

' and each Article.

3

Miscellaneous Services stated by the Committee of 1786:

For the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia ——

D° - - - - of New Brunswick

D* - - - - of St. John’s, in America - -

D* - - - - of Cape Breton - -

For Salaries to the Officers of the Bahama Islands ——

For the Salary of the Chief Justice of Bermuda ——

For the Expence of the New lloads of Communication, and building Bridges, in Scotland - -

For supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa

'To John Hatsell, Esq; Clerk of the House of Commons, for the Charge of

Printing Journals and Reports, &c. ——

To Henry Hughs, towards the Expence of printing Copies of a General Index of the First Seven Volumes of the Journals ——

To D° - - for priuting Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by

Order of the House of Commons - -

To John Nichols, for printing and delivering the Votes, &c.

To Mr. Arthur Benson, for his Trouble and Expences attending the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, &c.

To Mr. Henry Gunnell,t'or his Trouble and Charges attending the Committee

appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, &c.

To George White, Esqr, towards reimbursing his Expences incurred, in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament, for procuring Returns from the several Parishes and Places in England and Wales, of the Poors Rates, and Charitable Donations, and preparing Abstracts thereof for Parliament -To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for printing several Books and Papers, directed by an Act for the better securing- the Right of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections ——

To Henry Hughs, Esq; for printing Reports of the Committee of Council concerning the present State of the Trade to Africa -

To make good Deficiency of Coinage Duty, pursuant to Act 9 Geo. III. , -For defraying the extraordinary Expences of the Mint -5 1 For defraying the extraordinary Expences attending the Prosecution of pffen-I ders against the Laws relating to the Coin ——

For confining and transporting Convicts, for One Year -For Expences on Account of Convicts, at Portsmouth and Plymouth To Duncan Campbell, Esq; for confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the Thames - - - .

To Henry Bradley, Esq; for maintaining and guarding Convicts, confined on board the Dunkirk Hulk in the Hamoze at Plymouth - -

o

cd

a

u

P

O

s

a*

u*

<2

tn

no

a

o

2

a

o

S

5*

a*

o

tdO

2

a

o

U

zn

c

3

O-.

1786: 1787: 1788: 1789: 1790:

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

3>851 »7 6 5,851 17 6 5,845 6 — 6,218 17 6 6,376 17 6

4,30Q 4,300 4,300 5,400 4,400 1,840

1,900 1,900 1,900 1,900

2,100 — — 2,100 — — * 4,380 2,100 — — .2,100 2,100

2,660 4,080 580 4,080 4,080

580 - 580 580 580:

5,784 7,234 4,000 4,000 4,859 1 8

13,000 13,000 — t — 13,000 — — 13,000 13,000

1,500 — — 1,500 1,000 — — 1,206 1,200 —

' 500 — 3,160 5 6 - 600 — — 5,172 16 6 4,827 14 6 2,071 13 — 3,484 18 3

632 18 6 709 17 — 776 % 720 9 — 739 17 —

- 220 — — m + m 100 3,000 460 15,000

m m m - - - - 910

8,501 4 1 14,939- 5 — i 8,499 8 5 r 24,145 5 8 w ' 30,520 17 1

1,681. 18 4 31,299 10 — 377 10 6 21,560 5 7 1,394 6 8 30,083 to 2 f 48,417 13 5 33,228 15 6

- . 4,533 6 6 8,180 14 4 6,8S& 7 6

118,548 15 — 55,927 19 5 105,565 9 7 i 98,329 7 3 129,208 14 6

05

I — *

b

H

a

9

Or

CA

CO

wjjw psj

.3.

£§8

£?? |!I is 2

a

t — h

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

c§

FT

Sundry Miscellaneous Services, chiefly occasional.

For the Civil Establishment of New South Wales ——

I)° - - - of Newfoundland - -

Salary to the Chief Justice of Dominica ——

For Salaries to the Officers and Incidents of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt ——

Towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House -

For the Commissioners of Public Accounts - - - *

To the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state the Public Accounts of the Kingdom ——

To the Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the State of the Wood8, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown -To Mr. Mouatt, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to

inquire into the Fees, Perquisites, &c. in several Public Offices -

To the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed by an Act to regulate the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa -For the British Museum -

For the Prince of Wales'& Debts ——

For the Works at Carlton House ——

To discharge the Arrears and Debts of the Civil List, on 5th January 1786 -To pay off Exchequer Bills issued for Civil List, per Acts 22* and 23* III*" To replace Money issued for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, since 5th January 1787 ——

To make good Money issued for His Majesty’s Secret Service Abroad, and the Fees attending the Receipt thereof ——

For defraying the Expence of sending Provisions and sundry Articles to the Settlement in New South Wales ——

To re-pay Bills drawn by Andrew Phillip, Governor, and Miller, Commissary of New South Wales - -

For Expences of carrying on the Prosecution against Hastings, Esq;

To Thomas Cotton, Esq; to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by the Directions of the Commissioners of the Treasury -

For the Expence of executing an Act for inquiring into the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs ——

To Edward Webster, Esq; for his Loss by removing his Manufactory of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine -

To Sir William Chambers, for erecting an Office for the Clerk of Records in the Rolls Chapel, &c. - — —

1786:

s.

667 6 6

25,000 ——

9,000 ——

1,000 ——

30,000 ——

180,000 — —

2,000 — —

1,901 ——

1787:

£ > d.

2,877 10 — 1,182 10 —

i,394 16 — 15,000 ——

1,500 ——

2,200 ——

890 ——

3,000 ——

1788:

£ s. d.

2,877 10 — 1,182 10 — 600 — —

1,436 2 6 25,000 ——

7,893 ——

600 ——

5,000 ——

813 13 6

161,000 ——

20,060 ——

58,166 ——

2,652 7 3 8,058 15 1*

1789:

£ s. d.

2,877 10 —

1,182 10 — 600 — —

1,562 5 6

3.000 -

761 1 ~

500 ——

3.000 -

35,200 — —

i9J,342 13 —

2,075 6 1

20,312 6 4

17901

£ * d.

4,558 7 8

1,182 10 — 600 — —

1,436 ——

500 ——

51,638 6 11

2,951 1 10 1,632 6 3 1,000 ——

l(f Mail . A. 1791

g

cq'

i — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

O

D'

c

05

To Thonun Cotton, Esq; to be by him paid over for the Relief of a Number of distressed Black Persons, and Persons of Colour, in this Country -To Dr. Cuthbert Gordon, as an Encouragement to proceed in his Discoveries useful

in Dying....

To John Kippling, Esq; for Rent of a House, formerly used as the Rolls Office To James CrauJ'urd, Esq; to be applied towards the Repairs of the English

Episcopal Church at Rotterdam ——

To Thomas Cotton, Esq; to be paid to the Representatives of Richard Bradley, Esq; for the Purchase of the Island of Le Maine ——

To Joseph Iodin du Mauvoir, for Value of the Ship Le Grue, taken by Governor Macnamara, on the Coast of Africa ——

To make good Damages sustained by the Inhabitants of Faversham -To satisfy a Demand due to the Representatives of John Ellis, Esq; late Agent of . West Florida ——

To Messrs. Borell's, for Discovery of a Method of dying Turky Red upon Cotton -For Compensation to Mr. Jetikinson for so much paid for the Three First Payments on Annuities, &c. 1784, which became forfeited by not making future Payments -To Charles Pole, for the Ship Herstelder, laden with Merchandise on Account of the Emperor of Morocco -

To John Reeder, Esq; for the Loss he sustained by dismantling of an Iron Foundry in Jamaica, in 1782 ——

To the Bank, for receiving Contributions to Annuities for 18 f Years For Discount allowed by Ditto on Prompt Payments of Ditto - -

To the Bank, for receiving Contributions to Annuities with Benefit of Survivorship, paying the same into the Exchequer, &c. ——

For Discount paid by Ditto on Prompt Payments of the said Contributions - -To complete £. 1,500, for the Quarter ended 25th March 1790, to the Speaker of the House of Commons ——

For cleansing and repairing the Harbour of Catweter, and Sutton Pool, near Plymouth ——

4,106 10 i,377 6

1,816 15 2,500 —

71

259,368 18 1

4,056 2 10 {

457 10 6

522 ——

2,307 9 4

200 ——

246 10 4

1,000 -

1,000 ——

36,387 18 8|

2,000 — — *

297,279 18 41

3.000 ——

15° !3 7 420 6 7

2.000 — — 1,124. 3 10

270,555 6 3

ft

w

o

9

585 11 6

66,084 4 21

.-Pm

Iff

wz*o

I-a li § is

Loyalists.

g

<n]

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

c§

?r

To Thomas Cotton, Esq; to be by him paid over to the Persons to whom £. 40 per Cent, was allowed as a Relief for their Losses upon the Sums allowed by the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Losses and Services of those who have suffered during the late Dissentions in America, under the Provisions of an Act 16 Geo. III. - -

To Ditto, to be applied for the Relief of sundry American Civil Officers and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government ——

To Ditto, to pay Fees at the Exchequer on £.150,000, granted A0 1785, for the Relief of American Loyalists ——

To Ditto, for the Passage and Expences of Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, to Nova Scotia To Ditto, to pay Bills drawn by the Governors of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, and the Bahama Islands, for the Expences of surveying and laying out Lands for the Loyalists -To the Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists - " -

For the Purchase of Lands in St. Vincent’s - -

For completing the Purchase of the Soil of the Bahama Islands -

To the Commissioners for inquiring into the Claims of American Suffer era -For the Relief of American Sufferers ——

For One Year’s Allowance to American Sufferers ——

For present Relief to Sufferers by Cession of East Florida For Salaries to the Civil Officers of East Florida - -

To the Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Losses of all Persons who have suffered by the Cession of East Florida -

To the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Losses of all such Persons as have suffered by the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain To Thomas Cotton, Esq; to be applied for Pensions to American Sufferers To Ditto, to be paid to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, appointed to repair to America, for their Expences in Execution of their Commission - -

For Principal and Interest of Orders made out for American Sufferers, and the Persons who have suffered by the Cession of East Florida -To pay Principal and Interest of the Fractional Parts of £. 50, Part of the Compensations granted by an Act 30 Geo. III. to American Sufferere, &c< For Rewards to Officers for making forth and paying the said Orders, and incidental Expences attending the same ——

To the Salary of the Secretary of the Commissioners for Florida Claims, &c. and Incidents of the Office ——

To the Usher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Offices for paying in the above Orders ——

For Relief to certain Merchants, et al. interested in Lands in Georgia, ceded by the late Peace - -

1786: 1787: 1788: 1789: 1790:

£ s. d. £. s. £. s. d. £. s. d.

2,345 5 1 i

62,059 5 — - 60,491 4 — 41,559 11 — 35,785 15 6

3,750 14 — '

2,426 9 —

15,684 5 ’ 9 5>! 39 4 1 i 2,98212 1 1,286 19 9

3,888 4 — 4,445 19 11 4,51012 — 4,693 8 6 1,900

6,500

6,356 — -

10,000 - m m m 6,314 1 6

178,750 112,000 14,234 8 —

55,000 —

... 13^00

h -b 2,600 — — 9

700 1,000 900; 200

m - - - - - - - 3,157 7 6

’ 19,000 28,000

2,111 — 6 \ 2,111 — 6 2,111 — 6 3,162 5 6

- - 313,659 2 5 238,279 9 2 *

«- m - - - 6,383 16 7

m - 4,410 16 7 2,170

278 14 8

882 4 — i

- - < ‘ 49,556 17 6

346,760 2 10* 140,596 4 6 J 85,329 16 7 397,092 7 10 366,599 3 —

Or

o>

10 f Mail 1791.

D

eg'

i — +

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

?r

o>

Lotteries.

To pay Prizes in the Lotteries ——

For the Charge of preparing and drawing the Lotteries, and to the Bank for receiving Contribntions, paying Prizes, &c.

For Discounts on Prompt Payments of the Contributions for the Lotteries ——

X

Deficiencies of Land and Malt.

To make good Deficiency of Malt Duty Ditto - - - of Land Tax

To make good Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1785

For Interest and Charges of Exchequer Bills made forth for the Public Service, and charged upon Supplies of subsequent Years

Total - - £.

Memorandum:

To make good the Deficiency of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th Day of January 1789 - -

To replace Payments out of the Sinking Fund to make good the Deficiency of sundry Annuity Funds ——

The Exchequer Bills made forth for the Public Service, and charged upon the Supplies in the subsequent Years cancelled in the above Periods were ——

Ordnance Services included in the Ordnance Account *

RECAPITULATION:

Miscellaneous Services stated by Committee of 1786 Sundry Miscellaneous Services chiefly occasional -

Loyalists - -

Lotteries ——

Deficiencies of Land and Malt ——

Deficiency of Grants for 1785 - -

Interest and Charges of Exchequer Bills -

500,000 — — >2,75® ——

512,750 ——

i(u),6 75 17 4 i

239.730 7 4

409,406 4 8

127,138 3 2 -f

Total

223,455 H

',997,427 6 10*

500,000 — — 12,950 ——

512,950 ——

267,938 2 2

69>359 2 i

437,297 3 4*

H5.786 8 4

1.328,945 14 4i

1,285,064 18 3 I

5,500,000 — —

33,890 15 1 *

— I

l

10 i

118,548 15

259,368 18 346,760 2

512,750 — 409,406 4

127,138 3

223,455 3 1,997,427 6 10 *

Si 2 11

2 T

'.435,392 15 4 {

5,500,000 ——

55,927 19 5 36,387 18 8 I 140,596 4 6

512,950 ——

437,297 3 4|

145,786 8 4

1,328,945 i4 Ai

4So,eoo —

13,000 —

614 i° 4

493,6i4 ,0 4

166,125 1" 9

194,604 *3 4 i

360,730 11 1 *

181,419 6 7 I

1,523,939 13 8

112,101 9 8

578,732 14 7*

V 5,500,000 —

10.5,565 9 71

297,279 18 4 i

85,329 16 m /

493614 10 4

360,730 11 1 *

'181,419 6 I

1,523.039 12 8

500,000 — -__

13,000 ——

500,000 ----- I

13,000 ——

513,386 17 — 331 6 11 5*3,331 6 11

>55,787 6 1 215.396 — 11 $ 2*9,967 14 8 225,179 10 2

371,183 7 — $ 455,147 4 10

186,714 14 176,768 13 7

l*837,26i 19 61 >>707,139 7 1

1

5,500,000 5,5oo,*oo

98,329 7 3 1 129,208 14 6

270,553 6 3 66,084 4 2

397,002 7 10 366,599 3 — $

513,386 17 — 5i3,33i 6 1;

371,183 7 — 455,147 4 10

186,714 14 176,768 13 7

1,837,261 19 6 J '.707,139 7 1 £

Total of the 5 Years

Total of the 5 Years

507,580 929,676 1,336,377 2,546,032 2,033,764 127,138 9i4, M4 5 8

5 91 5 81

14 1.0 14 3

11 1

3 2*

03

a

w

o

9

' %

£8,394,714

6*

Oi

00

-4

*173

n 0 s !.so

gr

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

pg>i

*o o 2

1?*

1 2 2 3

ii

Appendix (P.) N* l,

’To the Comrrfitstee appointed to examine the Accounts of the Public Income and Expenditure.

-4# ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Taxes appropriated for particular Purpose?, or not applicable to the Payment of any Part of the Interest of the Public Debt, from the 6th Day

of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791 both inclusive.

- From 6th January 1786 to 5th Jamaary 1787. From 5th January 1787 to 5th January 1788. From 5th January 1788 to 5th jauuary 1789. Frofii 5th January 1789 to 5th jauuary 1790. From #th January 1790 tq 5th January 1791.

£. «. d. £. r. d. £. #. d. £. #. d. £. t. d.

'Cotton Wool, 1768 389 17 4 m m

Canvas and Lawns, 1767 6,89110 4* M3 13 11 - - — mm -

Coinage Duty on Wines 6,500 11 7 2,702 5 -r- r -

Atamps per IJ&naper Office 3,231 15 4 1,033

per Cent. - 22,473 15 — 32,315 13 1 25,594 it 7 23,048 19 3 19,740 2 10

first Fruit# - 6,413 9 3 5,164 2 10 4,340 16 11 3,937 5 — 4,587 1 10| |

/Tenths 9,903 14 10 9,893 16 4 9,903 12 2 19,550 5 1 i 10,014 18 5 J

Stwp#? 1759 10,316 2 8 Sj532 r- «r - - - -P

D*, — 1762 397 & 4 208 — —

D°, — 1765 - 854 16 1 449 - s - t # - ¥ m

Gum Senega, 1752, 1765, 1774 1,265 4 1 18 8 81 - -

Cambriclts and Sugars, 1766 - 448 16 n 270 — — ? A «i

Apples imported - 256 19 7 48 8- - - a > m -

Sugars before 1764 153 11 2 - - a 'm rn.

D° — since D* - 358 10 3 - few* \m m -m -

Melasses, 1766 - 869 IS 3* 935 4 4

Licences for selling Lottery Ticket?, 1784 93 7 5 * m m -m -

1 1 1 1 a - 1785 - - 00 <4 v ¥ -

D* - 1786 m 1,000 m _ -

Rum and Sugars before 1764 - - 2,498 13 9i 1,756 — 11 a m m I f - m m

Yerdi^reaflie, 1<81 - T 2,303 11 9i 117 1 6 m m m 'm v

Exchequer, £. 75,626 5 5 60,552 4 11 i 39,379 7 81 46,536 9 4} 34,342 3 1 i

Carried to the Consolidated Fond on 5th July 1787.

Issued for the Encouragement of Hemp and Flax in Scotland, £.3,324. 18#. 9d.; and the.

remaining Sum of £.3,800. 5s. 6£d. carried to the Consolidated Fund 5th July 1787* Issued to the Master of the Mint in England, £.8,554. 17#* llfd.; and the Sum of £.547. 18#. 7 id* carried to the Consolidated Fund on 5th July 1787.

Carried to the Consolidated Fund on 5th July 1787*

Applied for the Payment of Governors Salaries, &c. ^Applied lor the Payment of Queen Anris Bounty.

Issued for the Payment of Judges Salaries, £.13,115. 8#. 3d.; and the Sum of £.732. 14#. 5d. carried to the Consolidated Fund on 5th July 1787.

Carried to the Consolidated Fund 5th July 1787.

Carried to the Consolidated Fund 5th July 1787*

Disposed of by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1736, £.7. 14#. 1 Jrf.; and the Sum of £. 1,275. 18#. 8d. carried to the Consolidated Fund on 5th July 1787.

Disposed of by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1786, £.128. 15#. 6d.; and the Sum of £.590. — s. 8 id. carried to the Consolidated Fund on 5th July 1787*

Disposed of by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1786* £.51. 12#.; and the Sum of £.253. 15#. 7 d. carried to the Consolidated Fund on 5th July 1787-

Disposed of by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1786, £.45. — s. lid.; and the Sum of £. 108. 10#. 3d. carried to the Consolidated Fund on 5th July 1787-

Disposed of by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1786, £.250; and the Sum of £. 108. 10#. 3d. carried to the Consolidated Fund on 5th July 1787.

Disposed of by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1786, £.86l. 17#. — fd.; an® the Sum of £.943. — #. 7d. carried to the Consolidated Fund on 5th July 1787*

Disposed of by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1786,

Disposed of by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1787*

Disposed of by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1787.

Carried to the Consolidated Fund on 5th July 1787*

Disposed of by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1786, £<60. 7#. 6d.;,ft»d the Sum of £. 2,360, 5 s. 9%d. carried to the ContoUJ&ted Fund on 5th July 1787*

tht 2d Day of May 1791,

Robert Jennings.

10* Maii. A. 1791.

SI Geo. III.

539

10° Man.

Appendix (Q.) N* 1.

Report on Public Income & Dxpcudituie#

To the Committee appointed to examine the Accounts of the Public Income and Expenditure.

Jin ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Annuity with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by Acts

29 et 30 Geo. Tertii R*. as H stood on the 5th April 1791.

The Amount set apart for the Public Nominees, for the Half Year ending 5th April 1791 ——

9,090 1 ll i

D*

for Government, for D* -

12,340 18 61 I- 21,431 — 6

Memorandum:

The future Half Yearly Charge for the Public Nominees cannot be ascertained, as it depends on the Number of Lives falling in.

Exchequer, the 3d Day of May 1791.

Robert Jennings.

Appendix (R.) N* 1.

An ACCOUNT of the future Expence likely to be incurred for the Interest of Exchequer Bills.

Upon the best Estimate that can be formed of the future Expence of Exchequer Bills, it is coiriputed that the Annual Amount, at the present Rate of Interest, will be - £.260,000.

Treasury Chambers, May 6th 1791.

George Rose.

Vox- 46.

t

Epe-g

If? V

Appendix (S.) N* 1.

Navy Office, 1 An ESTIMATE of the future Annual Expence of the Navy, upon a permanent Peace Establishment — Prepared pursuant to a Precept from a Committee of the 6th May 1791 J Honourable House of Commons, dated 18th April 1791.

Proportion of jf.A per Man per Month.

£ i. d.

7

10

— 19 —

— 4 —

£4----

HEADS.

For 18,000 Seamen, at £.4 per Man per Month; 'which is usually divided in the following Manner; viz.

Wear and Tear, at - - - -£.17

Wages --at- - - - £. 1 10

Victualling - at - - — 19

JFor the Navy -

Naval Ordnance

£. 3 16 — — 4 —

£.4 ——

O

(a

n'

CD

CL

cr

\£.2. 17- — , being the Proportion for Wear and Tear, and Wages, we are of Opinion will be found jointly to be adequate to the Expence J of those Heads, provided that the full Amount of the Sums on the Ordinary and Extra Estimates are always voted; which otherwise must be made good out of the aforesaid Proportions. "

Taking the Calculation on 18,000 Men as the supposed Peace Establishment, it will amount to ——

Being the Proportion for Victualling the said Number of Men, amounts to ——

Being the Proportion for the Ordnance, though included in the Naval Supplies, is received and accounted for by the Board of Ordnance

For the ORDINARY ESTIMATE.

For Salary to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, Commissioners of the Navy, their Secretaries, £. s. d.

Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto, and also the new Establishment of the Navy Pay Office - - 57,553 -

Superannuated Officers, Pensions, Ac, - -- -- -- - 39,641 ---

Salaries, Ac. to the Officers and Clerks of the Six Dock and Rope Yards - m - - - - 25,351 — —

Muster Master, and other Officers of the Out Ports - -- - - -- -- 4,508 ---

Wages and Victuals to Officers and Men serving on Board Ships in Ordinary - -- 112,094 --

..... ‘ ‘ ..... 54,000 ---

- 158,000 ---

- - 193,000 --

1,231----

- 33,745----

6,150----

Charge of Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging Ordinary Repairs of Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, Ac. in the several Yards . Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers -

Bounty to Chaplains....

Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment

Ordinary Charge of the Sick and Hurt Establishment ——

o

o

o

CW

(For the Particulars of the foregoing Articles, see the Annual Ordinary Estimate as presented to Parliament.)

For the EXTRA ESTIMATE.

For building and repairing Ships in the King’s Yards ....

N. B. — If it should be thought proper to proceed in the compleating the Improvements of the Yards, according to the present Plan, most of which we think necessary, a further Annual Sum will be wanted, for several Years to come, to the Amount of about ..

SUM.

£. ». d.

666,900 ——

222,300 ——

46,800 -

936,000 -

685,273 -

1,621,273

800,000

1,921,273

=sssrsaMcs

50,000 -

OBSERVATIONS.

In addition to these Estimates, some Expences may be expected to arise for making up the Deficiency of Pensions to Officers Widows, Ac. in pursuance of the Resolution of the House of Commons on the 20th Day of April, in the Year 1787» and for some other casual Articles.

We must further beg Leave to observe, that the Extraordinary Preparations, in the Course of the last Twelve Months, having interrupted the preliminary Measures necessary for ascertaining with Precision the Amount of the several Articles of the Peace Establishment, it has been impossible to forin the Estimate with perfect Accuracy; some Variations may take Place in many of the Articles* but jve are confident that there is no Ground to suppose the whole Expence of the Navy, on a permanent Peace Establishment, can exceed the Sum of Two Millions*

Henry Martin.

Geo. Monk

Gto. Rogers* W. Palmar* JV. Rellinghqtn. £, Id CrOK

Sam1 IVqIUk

Ok

Should the Number of Men be kept complete, no Reduction can be expected on this Head.

q

ST

O* .

Upon the fattest Consideration, which has been given to this Subject, we caunot safely state a less Sum for this Service, with a View to keeping up the Fleet in good Condition.

<0

SI Geo. III.

10’ Mail

541

Report on

Appendix (T.) N* I. Public Inctnne

V ' fcEipcudiwr*.

An ESTIMATE of the future Annual Expence of the Army upon a permanent Peace Establishment

Number*. Charg*.

Guards and Garrisons ----- 17,013 - - 568,499 11 2§

Plantations, &c. - 13,608 - - 332,302 9 8

Irish Forces serving Abroad - - - - 3,283 - - 8,487 10 7

Recruiting and Contingencies of the Land Forces - - . 64,500-

Recruiting Companies of the India Regiments - - 494 - - 11,435 12 10 {

Staff in Great Britain - -- 6,409 8 —

Supernumerary Officers - 15,298 16 n{

Offices, See.--- ----- -- - 63,276 5 8

Half Pay, &c. - -- - 228,661 10 10

Chelsea Hospital ----- ---- - 174,167 4 3f

Widows Pensions ----- ---- - 9,710 4 3

Subsidy to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel - ----- 36,093 15 —

Total - £. 1,518,842 9 4*

Memorandum:

In order to comply with the Act passed in 1783 for the better Regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General, and the more regular Payment of the Army, it will be necessary to vote the Sum of £. 1,518,842. 95. 4 J d:but it appears from the Examination and Settlement of the Regimental Accounts of several Years, that an Annual Saving has arisen of about 50,000, which, being applied in Aid of the above Sum, will reduce the probable Annual Expence of the Army to £. 1,468,842. 9 s. 4id.; which may be expected to continue nearly the same, excepting the Charges for Supernumerary Officers, and the Half Pay, which will of course be diminished by the Deaths of the Officers, or their being provided for.

War Office,

3d May 1791. Yonge.

Appendix (T.) N* 2.

ESTIMATE of the future Extraordinary Expences of the Army.

PROVISIONS:

Number of Persona victualled. Charge per Annum.

Gibraltar Canada Nova Scotia West Indies - 4,995 -- - - 3,880 - - 2,954 - 4,927 £. 38,961 29,843 22,721 41,097

16,756 Deduct Stoppages from the Troops - 132,622 32,622

Total for Provisions ----- 100,000 — —

MISCELLANEOUS CHARGES:

Gibraltar -Canada j Nova Scotia West Indies Bills drawn by the Governor - fExpence of the Civil Establishment ----- 20,000 [Extraordinaries in the several Departments - 45,000. - - Ditto - -- - Bills drawn by the Governors, and Extraordinaries in the several Departments 1 Indian Presents - - -Various Incidental Payments at Home ----- - 2,000 — 65,000 10,000 50,000 13.000 40.000

Total - £. 280,000

War Office, Geo. Yonge.

3d May 1791.

Voi* 4,6. 6

Report on

Public Tncome Jt Expenditure

Appendix (U.) ' N* l.

_ _______

An ESTIMATE of the future Annual Expence of the Office of Ordnance, upon a permanent Peace Establishment; exclusive of such Sums as are contained in the Estimate of the Board of Land and Sea Officers, for additional Works for the Security of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, and of any other Fortifications or other New Works to be carried on in the West Indies, North America, or elsewhere. — Prepared pursuant to an Order of the Committee of the Honbl" the House of Commons, appointed to examine into the Public Income and Expenditure, 18th April 1791.

LAND SERVICE;

‘ & s.

Ordinary

£ * 220,060 ——

EXTRAORDINARIES:

Newfoundland -

Nova Scotia

New Brunswick -

Quebec ——

Bahama Islands -

Bermuda ——

Jamaica ——

West Indies ——

Gibraltar ——

Jersey - -

Guernsey ——

Scotland ——

North-East District -

Landguard Fort -

Chatliam - -

Sheerness ——

Gravesend and Tilbury -

Powder Mills at'Feversham -

Ditto - - Waltham Abbey -

Cinque Ports

Woolwich -

North-West District -

Portsmouth and Gosport -

Plymouth ——

Shipping (relieving Artillery in Foreign Garrisons)

Contingencies of Artillery -

Laboratory - -

Arms -

Saltpetre ——

Supply of Stores for Foreign Garrisons -

3.500 -

4.000 -

4.000 ----- --1

4.000 — —

1.000 ——

1.000 ——

3.000 -----;

18,000 ——

30,000* — /

2,000 — —

2,000 ----- -,

4<oooo ——

2,000 ——

2,000 ——

6.000 -

2.000 ——

3.000 -

2.000 -

2,000 ——

2,000 ——

5.000 -

1.000 ——

6.000 -

6.000 -

2.500 ——

6.000 -

2.000 ——

10,000 ——

9,000 ——

10,000 ——

Extraordinaries

155,000 — —

Ordinary and Extraord* - - - 1 375,000 — — *

N. B. — The foregoing Articles are not supposed to require, in every Year, the Sums set opposite to them; in some Years more may be necessary, in others less; but, one Year with another, it is computed that the Sums set down will be wanted for each Article, and that the Amount- of the Estimate will be sufficient to defray the Expence.

which is an Increase of £. 11,271. Ss. id. and is accounted for asltillows

By an Augmentation to the Establishin* of the Royal Regim* of Artillery, of One Bbmbardier and Ten Gunners per Company, and Twq Staff Serjeants to each of the Four Marching Battalions, making 448 Men; also the Difference of Pay between a Second and First Lieut*, to put the Officers of the Cadet Company on the same Footing as those of the other Companies, and an Addition of 2 s. per Day to the ray of the Surgeon General - . -

By the Pay of First Gunners still remaining on the War Establishment - -

By an Augmentation of One Captain, One Capt. Lieut*, Two First Lieut*’, and One Second Lieutenant, to the Establishm* of the Corps of Royal Engineers -

‘ ' £ The Remainder of the Difference arises from the new Establishment of the Powder Mills at

Waltham Abbey, and some few Increases of Salary ——

221,271. 8$. id.

c s. d.

8,863 8 4

1,198 8 4

535 6 8

10,597 3 4

674 4 9

11,271 8 1

But it is to be observed, that the Regiment of Artillery is, in the Estimate for 1791, still £. 1,198. 8, 4. above its regular Establishment; this Excess will gradually decrease, as the First Gunners, who are the Cause of it, die

off,

31 Geo. III. 10° Mail 543

off, or are provided for; after which the Ordinary, on a permanent Peace Establishment, including the Increase Report on of the Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Engineers, will not require more than about £.220,000 per Annum, ^EipJndkute. which is an Increase of £. 10,000 per Annum.

With respect to the Extraordinaries, they were computed at £. 138,600; and from a careful Revision of them, and the Experience of Three Years, it is presumed that Sum will be sufficient for the Annual Current Expence of those Articles which are enumerated in the former Paper given. in to the House of Commons, excepting in the Case of the Six West India Islands, where the considerable Works that have been erecting will necessarily-occasion an Increase of Expence for maintaining them: The Sums computed to be necessary when there were no other Fortifications than Batteries, or very slight Works, were £.1,000 for. each of the Six Islands: It is imagined it cannot be less than £.3,000 for each Island, when the Works are finished, which will be an Increase of £.12,000.

With respect to the Contingencies of the Regiment of Artillery, it is also found necessary to make an Addition-of £. 1,000 per Annum.

There will also be an Increase of £. 2,000 per Annum on Account of the Islands of Bahama and Bermuda, if the first should be thought proper to be continued, and the latter to have an Ordnance Establishment; and also £. 2,000' for the Powder Mills at Waltham Abbey; all of which are new Articles, not included in the Estimate of 1786.

These Additions of £. 10,000 in the Ordinary, and £.17,000 in the Extraordinaries, increase the permanent Peace Establishment for the Land Service from £.348,000 to £.375,600 per Annum.

In respect to the Sea Service, the Allowance of 45. per Man per Month for the Number of Seamen voted, has been found by Experience to be inadequate to the Expenditure and «ust.vary in Proportion to the Number of Seamen Annually voted.

Office of Ordnance,

20th April 1791.

Clerk of the Ordnance.

Appendix (W.) N* 1.

An ACCOUNT of the probable Amount of such Expences as may in future be Annually incurred under

the Head of Miscellaneous Services.-

Expence of the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia

St. John's -New Brunswick Cape Breton New South Wales Newfoundland -Bahamas -Dominica -Bermuda -

African Forts ——

Scotch Roads ——

Extraordinary Expence of the Mint ——

For confining and maintaining Convicts at Home -

For transporting, &c. Convicts to Botany Bay - -

For printing Journals, Copies of Bills, Votes, &c.

British Museum ——

For other small Charges, the Particulars of which cannot be foreseen

£. s.

€,3/6 ——

1,840 ——

4,400 ——

2,100 ——

4,753 ——

1,182 — — -

4,180 ——

600 ——

580 ——

13.000 -

5.000 -

13,900 ——

18.000 -

35.000 — —

6.000 -

I}5oo ——

10.000 ——

I-

128,416 ——

N. B. This Sum exceeds the Average of occasional Articles of the same Description in the Course of the last 5 Years.

Nothing is inserted as an Annual Charge for Somerset House, as, by the Account which has been presented to the House, in this Session, it appears that the Sum of £.32,000 will be wanted to compleat those Works, of which the Sum of £. 25,000 has been already voted.

The Amount of what may be to be paid for American Sufferers is also omitted, as that is stated in another Account.

Treasury Chambers, May 6th, 1791.

George Rose.

'Vo l. 46.

Report on Public Income & Expenditure.

5U

10s Mail

A. 1791.

Appendix (W.) N* 2.

To the Committee appointed to examine the Accounts of the Public Income and Expenditure.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Money remaining unpaid on American and East Florida Claim*, of the Principal, after satisfying all Payments, on loth October 1790.

The Money remaining unpaid on American and East Florida Claims, of the Principal, after satisfying all Payments, on 10th October 1790, amounts to the Sum of One Million Five hundred and Forty-six thousand and Sixty-two Pounds Ten Shillings.

Memorandum:

The Interest on the above Sum Is at the Rate of £.3. 105. per Cent.; but, as the Principal diminishes every Half Year, the Amount of the Interest cannot easily be ascertained.

Exchequer, the 3d Day

of May 1791. Robert Jennings.

Appendix (W.) N* 3.

An ACCOUNTof the

p^'sent Amount of the Pensions and Allowances to American Loyalists.

1

Amount of Pensions D° of Allowances

Per Annum.

26,897 ——

27.314 ——

54,211 ----- --r-

Memorandum: -

The above Sum of £.54,211 is subject to Fees and Taxes amounting to £.2,101. 17. 2. which makes the present Annual Charge £.56,312. 17. 2. but which, from the Nature of it, will gradually decrease.

Whitehall Treasury Chambers,

9th May 1791. Charles Long.

Appendix (W.) N° 4.

To the Committee appointed to examine the Accounts of the Public Income and Expenditure.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Payments, at the Rate of Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds per Quarter, made to the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, froia 5th July 1786 to 5th January 1791.

The Monies paid to the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt amount to th.> Sum of Four Millions Seven hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds.

Memorandum:

The Sum of Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds was issued to the Commissioners above-mentioned, for the Quarter ended 5th April 1791.

Exchequer,

the 2d Day of May 1791. Robert Jennings.

Appendix (W.) N* 5.

An A C C O M PT of the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1790*

The Amount of the Grants for the Navy, Army, Ordnance, and other Year 1790 ——

The Amount of the Ways and Means towards satisfying the same -

Deficiency of the Grants to answer the Services -

Treasury Chambers,

6th May 1791.

Services, for the £ 9. d.

- 13,203,816 14 4i

- - - 12,996,088 11 3i

- - - £ 207,728 3 I

W. Speer.

g

<q!

r — h

N'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o

fr*

o>

o>

N

Appendix (W.) N* 6.

To the Committee appointed to examine the Accounts of the Public Income and Expenditure.

An ACCOUNT of the Surplus of the Sinking and Consolidated Funds in each Quarter, from the 5th January 1786 to the 5th January 1791; with the Totals of each Year.

CD

► — *

o

w

o

Surplus of the Sinking Fund 5th April 1786 -

5th July 1786* -10th October 1786 5th January 1787

£. i. d.

628,982 — 1 980,357 17 li 926,143 16 5 258,174 18 10 i

Surplus of the Sinking Fund from 5th January 1786 to 5th January 1787

5th April 1787 -5th July 1787 -10th October 1787 5th January 1788

1,661,395 10 6 994,150 12 81

882,417 15 4 £ 220,420 12 8 |

Surplus of the Siuking and Consolidated Funds from 5th January 1787 to 5th January 1788 - - - ‘ -

Surplus of the Consolidated Fund 5th April 1788 -

5th July 1788 10th October 1788 5th January 1789

892,173 14 5 26*3,583 — 1 1,322,167 1 2 i

Surplus of the Consolidated Fund from 5th January 1788 to 5th January 1789

5th April 1789 5th July 1789 -

10th October 1789 5th January 1790

439,182 1 — }

366,290 15 91 1,415,431 2 21

221,575 12 81

Surplus of the Consolidated Fund from 5th January 1789 to 5th January 1790

5th April 1790 -5th July 1790 -

10th October 1790 5th January 1791

- 667,921 8 21

223,553 18 — 1

- 1,174,336 3 10 i

725,762 11 51

Surplus of the Consolidated Fund from 5th January 1790 to 5th January 1791

Surplus of the Sinking and Consolidated Funds from 5th January 1786 to 5th January 1791 I.

Memorandum:

The Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, on the 5th Anril 1701 .

There was issued to complete the Grant for the Year 1790 _ _ y

the'yefri79i Di8p?Uio" of lament, taken by them for the Service of

Exchequer, .

the 2d Day of May 1791.

£. t. d. 2,793,65 8 12 6}

3,758,384 11 3f

2,477,923 15 9

2,442,479 11 9

2,791,574 1 7*

14,264,020 12 111

479,568 15 7 j 176,347 6 7i

303,221 9 — |

£ t. d.

Money replaced to make good Deficiencies of former Quarters 1,285,064 18 3 {

After paying to the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt - -- -- - - - _ 750 000 — ___-

Money replaced to make good Deficiencies of former Quarters 1,435,392 15 41

After paying to the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction

of the National Debt - -- -- - - - __

Money replaced to make good Deficiencies of former Quarters - 578,732 14 y j ’ ’

Deficiency to complete the Sum of £.250,000, due to the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt,

and paid out of the Supplies, A* 1788 - . 110 101 Q ft

After pax ing to the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction 2, Ul 9 o

of the National Debt - -.....- - 887j898 10 4

After paying to the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt .....* 1,000,000 ——

After paying to the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt -

1,000,000 — —

Robert Jennings.

Ilf

IS*

eg °

? 9

9,

S:

Or

fatso

M

Appendix (W.) N* 7.

C.O M P A RI S O N. of Ways and Means, -And Supplies, for the last Five Years.

D

eg'

1 — h

n'

CD

a

cr

o

o

eg.

?r

WAYS and MEANS. Total Surplusses of Sinking and Consolidated Funds, from 5th Januai^ 1786 to 5th January 1791 t - Ways and Means, 1786 ----- - Deduct Disposeable Money of Sinking Fund, on the £. 5th Day of April 1786 - 628,982 Growing Surplus of D° - - - 2,600,000 £ J 3,335.417 £ 14,364,920 SUPPLIES: Grapts for 1786 - - - D*for 1787 - Deduct Deficiency of the Grants for 1786 £ 12,950,721 240,324 £ 13,575,74a 12,710,397

3,228,982 Grants for 1788 - - - £ 12,666,412

10,106,435 Deduct

Ways and Means, 1787 ----- - Deduct Surplus of Sinking Fund, on 5th Day of £ April 1787 ----- - 1,226,072 Growing Surplus of D® - - - 2,400,000 12,887,049 Deficiency of the Grants for 1787 - 63,671 12,602,741

3,626,072 Grants for 1789 - -- -- -Deduct Deficiency of the Grants for 1788 - £ 12,373,989 331,649

9,260,977 12,042,340 11,972,299

Ways and Means, 1788 - - - -Deduct Surplus of Consolidated Fund, on the 5th . £ Day of April 1788 - 589,162 Growing Surplus of D°' - - - - 2,545^00 i2,334,7fa Grants for 1790 - - - . -Deduct Deficiency of the Grants for 1789 - - - £ 12,203,816 231,517

3,134,162

9,200,600 62,903,519

Ways and Means, 1789 - - - -Deduct Growing Surplus of Consolidated Fund - 12,142,471 1,530,000

10,612,471

Ways and Means, 1790 - - -Deduct Surplus of Consolidated Fund on the 5th Day of April 1790 ..... 621,151 Growing Surplus of D* - - - 2,300,000 11,996,088 2,921,151 t

9»°74,937

£ 62,519,440

1

D

cq'

i — H

n'

CD

Q.

CT

CD

o

rt>

COMPARISON of

Appendix (W.) N* 8.

Receipt and Expenditure for the last Five Years.

o

o

RECEIPT.

Surplusses of Sinking and Consolidated Funds, from the 5th Day of January 1786 to the 5th Day of January 1791 -

Deduct,

Sums carried to the Sinking Fund* to make good Deficiency of Annuity Funds' -

Interest and Charges of Public Debt ——

Civil List -

Charges on Aggregate and Consolidated Fufids -

Paid out of Sinking and Consolidated Funds to Commissioners for Discharge of National Debt - - -.

Apprbpriated Duties - -

Surplus of Sinking Fund on the 5th Day of January 1786

Surplusses of various Funds Voted ia 1786,

Six Pence per Pound on Pensions - -

Duties on Winetf, 17^5 -

D° - - Vellum, 1757 -

D° - Glass, 1746 fi - - 1 -

Two Sevenths Excise ——

1

Remaining in Exchequer for Disposition of ^Parliament in 17*86 Imprest, and other Monies, voted in 1787 - -

82,886

16,491

12,735

20,281

40,414

Army Money, 1786 Chelsea Savings

1787

1788 1789

Tontine, 1789 -

Short Annuities, 1789 " *,

French Prizes, 1789

Secret Service Money repaid, 1750

Land and Malt, for Five Yeast

Lotteries, 1786 ~ -11«7 1788

1789

1790

290,810

21,568

812,378

180,000

200,000

398,769

688,750

756,875

750,600

77M62

790,937

14,264020

3,299,188

46,187,010 4,481 ;000 474,751

4,637,899

582,488

172,307

100,508

74102

1,091,147

1,002,140

187,000

3,000

34000

13,750,000

3,758,724

Deficiency of Consolidated Fund, on the 5 th Day of January 1794 to complete the Sujfply for 1790 Deficiency'of Grants, 1790 ".....* '

S.

10,964,832

55,780,660

231,935

20,755/416

176,347

207,728

88,116,913

EXPENDITURE.

In 1786

Deduct,

Principal of Exchequer Bills Deficiency of Auuuity Funds

1787 ....

Deduct,

Principal of Exchequer Bills. Deficiency of Grants for 1786 Deficiency of Annuity Funds

1788 ....

Deduct,

Principal of Exchequer Bills -

Deficiency of Grants for 1787 Deficiency of Annuity Funds

17 «9....

Deduct,

Principal of Exchequer Bills - .

Deficiency of Grants for 1788 -

Deficiency of Consolidated Fund on 5th January 17^9

1790 - -

Deduct,

Principal of Exchequer Bills

Deficiency of Grants for 1789 - . -

5,500,000

1,285,064

5,500,000

240*324

1,435,392

5,500,000

63,671

578,732

5,500,000

331,649

112,101

£. -5,500,000 231,517

Total Sam* grantt d as in the Deposition Papers.

13,575,742

6,785,064

12,950,721

7,175,716

12,666,412

6,142,403

12,373,989

5,943,750

12,203,816

5,781,517

6,790,678

5,775,005

Amount of Grants, deducting Principal of Anuual Exchequer Bills, Deficiencies of'Funds,

Deficiencies of Grants of 1786, 1787, 1788, and 1789, and Deficiency of Consolidated Fund on 5th January 1789 ——

Interest and Charges of Public Debt ——

Civil List ——

Charges on Aggregate and Consolidated Funds ——

Applied tc wards Discharge of the Public Debt ——

Appropriated Duties - -

£. L 88,116\926

6,524,009

6,430,239

6,472,299

31,992,230

46,187,010

4.481.000 474,751

4.750.000 231,935

W

1-3-

e-.Sg

fi

CA

o

M

O

Or

s

Report on Public Income !c Expenditure.

548 10° Man. A. 1791.

Appendix (X.) N® 1.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums Issued to the Commissioners for discharging the National Debt, from the 1st of August 1786 to the jst of February 179* both inclusive; distinguishing such Sums as have arisen from the Interest of Stock bought, Annuities expired, or any other Heads, from the Sum issued out of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, or out of the Supplies of the Year.

£. s.d.

From Consolidated Fund,' or Supplies of the Year - 4,750,000 — —

By Annuities - 134,585 14 7

By Terms - - - 87,500

By Dividends - 452,506 10

5,424,592 4 7

April 30th 1791.

John Farhill.

Appendix (X.) N® 2.

Navy Office, 9th May 1791.

In Obedience to the Directions of the Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, of the 8th Instant, we have hereunder stated the Total Amount of the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1785; viz.

One Million _ Seven hundred and Twelve thousand Four!

hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Fouri - - £. 1,712,489. 14. 4f Pence Half-penny ----- - -J

Henry Martin. Geo. Marsh.

Geo. Rogers. TV. Bellingham. TVallis.

Appendix (Y.) N® 1.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Amount of Stock purchased by the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, as the same stood on the 1st Day of February 1791, with the Annual Interest of the same. An ACCOUNT of the Monies issued to the said Commissioners, between the 5th Day of July 1786 and the 1st Day of February 1791.

COMMISSIONERS C». COMMISSIONERS D'.

1791-Feb. 1. By Stock bought -Annual Interest on the same ... . »" £. s. d. 0,772,350 203,170 10 — 1791* Feb. 1. By Monies received - - £. $. d. 5»424,592 4 7

John Farhill.

' 'Appendix (Y.) N® 2.

The AMOUNT of the Sums received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in the Year 1790, arising from Terms, and from Annuities on Lives, unclaimed and expired. *

By Term of 1777 . -By Annuities unclaimed - -By Annuities expired - T £. s. 25,000 — 22,030 14 4.603 10 d. 6 > *

Total 51,634 4 6

May 9th 179K John Farhill.

The First of these Sums is invariable.

The Second varies Annually; in the Year 17^9 it amounted to £.47,206. 8. 9.

The Third is perpetually increasing.

May 9th 1791. John Farhill.

1

c


o>

Appendix (Y.) N* 3.

To the Committee appointed to examine the Accounts of the Public Income and Expenditure.

An ACCOUNT of the Annuities payable for Long Terms, shewing their Amount, and the Time when they will fall in: And also, of the Annuities on Lives payable at-the Exchequer, with the Original Annuity granted, and the Sums to which they stood reduced on the 5th January 1791.

Annuities for Long Terms payable at the Exchequer.

Annuities on 99 Years Excise - -

2-7th 9 d.Excise ——

3,700 per Week Excise ——

A° 1706 ——

1707....

per 1 s. Act A* 1708 ——

2 s.Act A* 1708 ——

Annuities for Long Terms payable at the Bank of England.

Annuities for 99, 98, 80, 78, 77, and 75 Years and $ - -

D* - - - 30 and 29 Years -..... -1 £' i

D* - - - i8i Years consolidated with the above Annuities, 30 and 29 Years - - - -/

N. B. No Management on the Annuities for 18 Years and Three Quarters, A* 1789, is inserted in this Account, not being allowed by the Lords of the Treasury.

Annuities on Lives payable at the Exchequer.

S-

oS

Annuities granted for Two and Three Lives, charged on 2-7th Excise -Single Lives, A* 1745 - -

1746 - -

1757 ....

1778 ....

1779 - - - _ -

with Benefit of Survivorship, A* 1765

Exchequer, the 7th Day of May 1791.

Annuity and Management, on 5th January 1791. / Time when they will fall in*

£ s. d. 49.715 2 6 6,5'5 »2 — 31,830 6 8 27,724 11 6 8,152 2 2 4,918 12 7 io,597 5 3 25th January 1792. 25th January 1792. 5th April 1803. D* - - 1805. D* - - 1806. D" - - 1807. 5th July 1807.

136,453 12 8

s. d. 688,029 4 4i 422,881 15 51 5th January 1860. 5th January 1808.

Original Annuity granted. Amount of Annuities as they stood reduced on the 5th January 1791.

£ s. d. 22,633 11 4 22,500 45,000 — — 33,750 2,849 13 — . 5,318 18 7 540 £ s. d. 8,195 12 — 11,521 5 ~ 20,450 10 — 22,195 5 — 2,763 4,790 18 7 540

Robert Jennings.

31 Geo. III. 10° Mail

Committtc on Salt Petre Duties.

Papers relative to the Governor General of India, presented.

Committee on Motion for Hemp Bill deferred.

Motion respecting the Test Act as extending to Persons born in Scotland.

Neg.

10° Mail.

A. 1791.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties on the Importation of Salt Petre, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Extract of Court of Directors Orders to dated

the 7th of May 1778.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon the 18th Day of April last, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Culture of Hemp within the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the stud Committee.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Committee of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, appointed to the Effect thereafter mentioned, which was presented to the House upon the 18th Day of April last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing Dangers " which may happen from Popish Recusants," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider how for the Provisions of the said Act (which require Persons who are admitted into any Office Civil or Military, or any Place of Trust, under the Crown, to receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the Rites of the Church of England) extend, or ought to extend, to Persons born in that Part of Great Britain Called Scotland-,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fSir Gilbert Elliot,

Tellers for the Yeas, Sir James St. Clair - 62.

[ Erskine:

}>«

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Papers relat-Minute of the Governor General in Council of Fort ingtoLord William in Bengal, dated 5th November 1790, signifying J^wallls, his Intention to proceed to the Coast, in order to take 10 ,pnnt* upon himself the Conduct of the War; and also, of the Minute of Messieurs Speke and Cowper, Two of the Members of the Council of Fort William in Bengal, dated 6th November 1790, approving of Lord Cornwallis's Intention of proceeding to the Coast; and also, of the 65th Paragraph of a Letter from the Governor General and Council, in their Political Department, to the Court of Directors, dated 21 st November 1790, together with the Paper therein referred to, intituled,

" Powers delegated by the Board to the Right honourable the Governor General, on his proceeding to the " Coast," which were this Day presented to the House (by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yes- Com Regu-terday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Sevennight, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Consideration of Prices at which Corn and Flour shall be imported and exported, &e. deferred.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Sevennight, to consider of the Prices at which Corn and Flour shall be permitted to be imported and exported, and the Duties payable thereon, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That thip House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Committee Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a on East India Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday next, to Accounts consider of the several Accounts and Papers which deferred, were presented to the House upon the nth Day of April last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Duties on ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Goat and House, to consider of the Duties payable upon the fj^con-"3 Importation of Tanned Goat Skins, and upon Sheep sidered. Skins, commonly called Roans.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for applying to the Bank Divi-Public Service the Sum of £.500,000, out of the dends Bill Balance remaining in the Bank of England from Sums deferred-issued for the Payment of Dividends, on Account of the National Debt, and for securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded, be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

ft* Lonl

Uve pass

Itish's

jrnaeBi

{mar’s

jisaeBi

State

iwre 1 jprttd

31 Geo. III. 11°

Mercurii, 11* Mail

Anno 31* Georgii III'" Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

The Lords A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Lave passed jLX. Mr Leeds:

Mr. S|>eaker,

Leigh's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

Nuue Bill, enable Thomas Leigh, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of 1lure only; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Borrar's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

Name Bill. enable Eduard Acton Barrar, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname of Acton only, pursuant to the Will of Acton, Esquire, de-

ceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Stockton In- Sir Robo t Lauley reported from the Committee,

closure Bill to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-nP#rted* mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Stockton, in the County of was

committed; That tire Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had keen complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to tire Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the leaving out One of the Commissioners named in the said Bit!, and inserting another in his Stead, and adding Two others (except the Owners of about One Yard Land and an Half; and that the Whole of the Lnnds intended to be inclosed consists of Thirty-five Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; anti afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second 'lime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Wolver- Sir Eduard Littleton reported from the Committee,

SnuBDebu to M*loin ^IC Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and Petition C Manufacturers of the Parish of Jf’olverhampton, in the reported. County of StuJTord, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v is.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas DeveyWightuick being examined, said, That the Town and Parish of Wolverhampton are very populous, and there are many large and extensive Manufactories carried on within the same, and also divers Mines of Coal and Iron Stone, wherein many Thousands of Persons are constantly employed, several of whom contract Small Debts, and though well able to pay the same, they frequently refuse so to do, presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under from the great Expence they are unavoidably put to Vol. 4G.

Mail. 551

in the Delays they meet with in suing for the same { and that it* will be of Public Benefit to have a more cheap and expeditious Mode of recovering such Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford: And that Sir Edward Littleton and Mr.

Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. M'dbanke reported from the Committee, to Sunderland whom the Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, Coal- Poor Petition fitters, Ship Owners, Merchants, and Inhabitants ofreport<d* the Parish of Sundei'land, near the Sea, in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert BUikiston being examined, said, That the Parish of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County of Durham, is very populous, and the Poor of the said Parish have lately much increased, and are still increasing — That the usual Rates upon the Inhabitants are wholly inadequate to the Support of the Poor — That it will be expedient that some further Provision should be made for the Poor, by an Assessment upon all Ships and Vessels clearing Outwards at the Port of Sundei'land.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham: And that Mr. Milban and Mr. Bur (km

do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, ac- Edingale In-cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing c,osur* *1*® the several Common and Open Fields, Common Mea- prtsen e dows, and Common Pastures, commonly called Edingale Fields, within the Parish of Edingale, in the County of Stafford, and the Parish of Croxall, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved\That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gamon presented to the House, according to stoke and Order, a Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing Draycottii*. certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called closur« M Stoke Moor, and Draycott Moor, within the Manor and I’resen Parish of Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somerset:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Bill for better protecting the several Oyster Oyster Fisheries within this Kingdom, was read a Second Fisheries Bill Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Call, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Melton the Bill for making Navigable the Rivers Wreak and Mowbray Eye, from the Junction of the said River Wreak with Navigation the intended Navigation from Loughborough to - 1 repont ter, at or near a certain Place called,

in the Lordship of Cossington, to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray,all in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to

11° Mail.

A. 1791.

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Scotch Game General Murray reported from the Committee, to

Bill reported. w|10m the Bill for altering so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Time of killing Muir Fowl and Tarmagan in that Part of Great Britain called

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leigh'* to enable Thomas Leigh, Esquire, and the Heirs Male NujJie Bill of his Body, to take, and use, the Surname and Arms rea ' of Hare only, w as read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rarrar’s to enable Edxcard Acton Barrar, Esquire, and the Heirs Name Bill

Male of his Body, to take the Surname of Acton only, reaB' pursuant to the Will of Edward Acton, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, to whom Chichester

fra I

sttldw

Scotland, was committed; That the Committee had gone the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Eighteenth Paving Bill T", ’ ’ . Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, " An reported.

" Act for paving of the City of and for the

better paving and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways and Passages, within the Walls of the said City, and for removing and preventing Encroach-

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, ments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, was com-One by One; and, upon the Question severally put — :"-J rT>1‘ *’ !

thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee on Pilchard Fishery Bill,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by continuing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow 304 Days Morning. And the Title of the said Estimate was read

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

milted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House. 3

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Estimauof His Majesty’s Command, Corps 0

Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation to the Footin New Corps of Foot serving in New South Wales under the Command of Major Francis Grose, from 24th February presen 1791 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being

Order

Iftitr

iNi

j tael,

Ijrttfi

.tN

Arco!

U

fan

M

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation to the Corps of Foot serving in New South Wales, under the Command of Major Francis Grose, from 24th February 1791 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 304 Days.

Numbers. Charge.

Augmentation to Major Grose's Corps of Foot, from 24th February 1791 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 304 Days.

Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men 156 1,820 15 9

Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men ... - - - 361 19 4 i

Agency ----- ----- - 35 7

Allowances to Two Captains ----- --- 7.8 18 3 i

Allowances to the Major Commandant, for providing Accoutrements,

&c. ----- ----- -- - 457 4 6

Total 156 L-2,754 5 8 1

War Office,

U th May 1791. Geo. Yonge.

Ordered,

131 Geo. III.

11° M

55 3

Ordered, That tije said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sierra I-eons The Order of the Day being read, for the House

Wj'd«lerrid to rcso*ve ‘nto a (-'ommittee of the whole House,

«em Upon {|,e Bill for establishing a Company for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africaa certain District of land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better euabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-resolve itself into the said Committee.

" as Master and Worker of the Mint, from the 19th " April to the 31st December, 1790," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Memorial of " John Vernon, Junior, Solicitor to the Mint — Expence of Prosecutions," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " 27th 1791, " Officers of the Mint Report on Memorial of J. Vernon, Solicitor to the Mint — Payment of Expences " incurred in carrying on Prosecutions against Coiners," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minchin took the Chair of the Committee.

ing,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

,r , Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon ^ey had come to several Resolutions; which they had

Order for

Uw N'mbobof Monday hist, " That there be laid before this House, a

a root, du»- " Copy of the Letter from the Nabob of Arcot to

charged. " the Court of Directors, upon the Subject of the

" Treaty made with the Government of Madras, during '* the Administration of Sir Anhibald Campbell, and " transmitted by the Government of Madras at the " same Time with the Treaty, and referred to in the " Papers before the House," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Gttrr from Oi'dered, That there be laid before this House, a i),e Nuboi» of L’opv of the Letter from the Nabob of Arcot to Sir

Arcot to Sir r* ..... - -- - - ~

A. Cami ordered.

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Minchin also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

_,ir A Petition of JVdliam Fcrmor, of Tusmore, in the Mr. Femior’s

pbell Archibald Campbell,upon the Subject of the Treaty made County of Oxford, Esquire, on Behalf of himself, and Petition

between the Nabob and the Government of Madras, e,hers> Owners of Estates within the Manor and ^Ynclo-'*

under Date the 27th of February 1787, and transmitted pa, jsh of in the County of Oxford, was pre- tUreBUl.

to the Court of Directors at the same Time with the scnted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the lreaty by the Nabobs Desire. Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common

Eield, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House j in„ with|n, and belonging to, the Manor and Parish «. Motion for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ot- in the County of Oxford; and Setting

to consider of the Motion made upon the 18th Day of lorth> That the said Bill contains divers Clauses and

April last. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to provisionSj which, if carried into Effect, would be preencourage the Culture of Heuip within the Dominions of jud;cjai to the Bights and Interests of the Petitioner, the Crown of Great Britain, be now read. and other ()whers° of Estates within the said Manor

And the said Order being read accordingly; and parjs|,: y\nd therefore praying, That he may be

J he House resolved itself into the said Committee. beard, by himself, or Counsel, against such Parts of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the said Bill as may aflcct him, and that the same may

Air. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Com- not pasg as now stands, or that he may have such

Hemp Bill.

notice.

Mr. S|>caker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-

other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committed to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Duties on

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, consider of the Duties payable upon the Importa- ^mP°rtat‘on

to consider further of the said Motion

Committee of Supply.

African Company’s Petition — *nd Papers relating to the Mint, re-tyred

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred they had come to several Resolutions, which they had to the said Committee. directed him to report, when the House will please to

tion of Tanned Goat Skins, and upon Sheep Skins, Goatand commonly called Roans, be now read. sheep Skins.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minchin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Memorial of the " Master of the Mint — Balance of his Account to 31st " December 1790," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " The Account " of the Earl of Leicester, Master and Worker of His

receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Appleby Majesty's Mint, from 19th April to 31st December the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for 1790," be referred to the said Committee. the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- ‘

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Officers of liament for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of the Mint Report on the Account of Lord Leicester, Westmorland, in the room of Richard Ford, Esquire,

Voi~ 7 B who,

11° Man.

A. 1791.

who, since hk Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred,in the County of Berks.

Report Salt Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported l'etre Duties, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties on the Importation of Salt Petre, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read} and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, a certain Order of Council respecting the Importation of a limited Quantity of Salt Petre, be indemnified.

on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Straights; and to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to make perpetual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit 'the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into tins Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mittee. That they have Power to receive a Clause for

Instruction.

That a Duty of Seven Shillings and Nine Pence per Hundred Weight be charged upon all such Salt Petre which has been, or shall be, imported by virtue of the said Order in Council.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be empowered, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Importation into this Kingdom, from any Foreign Country, of a limited Quantity of Salt Petre, the Produce or Manufacture’ of any Country whatever, subject to the Duty of Seven Shillings and Nine Pence per Hundredweight, fora Time to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Salt Petre do cease, determine, and be no longer paid, or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence per Hundred Weight be charged upon all Salt Petre imported into Great Britain.

amending the Laws relating to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee*

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the deferre<1.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read

That the Bounty now payable upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder be discontinued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Drawback of the Duties allowed on the Importation of Salt Petre, used and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol, do cease, and be no longer allowed.

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of tire List List of Proof the Names of such Proprietors of all the different prietors of Sorts of Annuities (Life Annuities excepted) as are nnP:lld An‘

-v 1 - uuities :il tl.e

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second payable and in the Management of His Majesty’s Ex- ’exchequer,

Ouze Navigation Bill (between Newhaven and Lewes Bridge) passed.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put there upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Lord Bayham, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mi* Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the county of ; and for the better

draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

chequer, as were entitled to Annuities on or before to be primed, the 31st Day of December 1780, and which now remain unpaid, stating the Dates when the first of the said Annuities became payable, together with such Descriptions of the said Persons as may be entered in the Books, Orders, or Rolls, of His Majesty’s Exchequer (which was Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Haworth, from the Exchequer) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Ships Moor-Order, a Bill to prevent other Ships than those laden fre* with Tobacco from Mooring and discharging their *"c ’ Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, made

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present

Committee on Expiring Laws Bill.

be* An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex; and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof: " And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, Tlrat the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider further of the Bill to repeal on QUfbec certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year re cumiml" of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government " of the Province of Quebec, in North America," and n to

Bill.

31 Geo. III. 11 — 12°

to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hairy Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hairy Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House wiU, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 12* die Maii;

Anno 31° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1791.

Pb AY F.KS.

Cwre«pon- /ORDERED, That there be laid before tins House, dence, Ac. Copies of all Correspondence between the Governor sir Eyrel° General and Council of Bengal and the President and Coote, Select Committee of Fort Saint relative to the

ordered. separate Powers exercised by tire late Lieutenant General Sir Eyre Coote, while in Command of the Army on the Coast of Coromandel,in the Year 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the President and Select Committee of Fort Saint George to the late Lieutenant General Sir Eyre Coote, dated the 2 2d of April 1783, relative to the Recommendation of the Governor General and Council of Bengal to re-invest the said Sir Eyre Coote with the separate Authority he exercised in the Year 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from the Governor General and Council of Bengal to the Governor and Council of Tort Saint George, dated tl»e loth of March 1783, relating to the same Subject.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from the Governor General and Council of Bengal to the Governor and Council of Saint George, dated the 24th of March 1783, relating to the same Subject.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a letter from the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George to the Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated the 17th of April 1783.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Right honourable Lord s Minute, and the Copy of a Letter from the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George, dated the 2 2d of April 1783, to Lieutenant General Sir Eyre , Commander in Chief of the Forces in India.

The Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr. have agreed Leeds:

10 Mr. Speaker,

ChrUtletnn The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act I»clo»ureBilt. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Christleton, in the County of Chester', without any Amendment; And also,

Norton in the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Clay Inclo- ^ct for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Com-,#re 1 ' mon Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of Norton in the Clay, in the North Riding of the County of York; w ithout any Amendment: And Iso,

Vo l. 46.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Handsworth for dividing and inclosing the Open Field, Com- Incloaure Bill. mons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of worth, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Merchants and Dealers of Corn Petition rein the Isle of Wight, Portsmouth, and its Vicinity, Coro^Regul!-was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, tioBiU. That impressed with the highest Sentiments of the upright Intentions of Parliament, and their earnest Pursuit of every National Benefit, the Petitioners beg Leave to submit their Objection to the Clause in the New Corn Bill, which would forbid the Importation of Wheat from Foreign Countries into this Kingdom until the Price shall Average at Home at Fifty-two Shillings per Quarter; and that the Petitioners consider the said proposed Restraint as a dangerous Check to the Adventures of Merchants, as necessarily tending to advance the Prices, and, by aggravating the Distress of difficult Seasons, to excite Alarms and Commotions, affronting to the Legislature, and inducing Misery on Individuals, and they are frilly sensible of the high Importance of securing all proper Encouragement to the Agriculture of their Native Country, but this they apprehend has been well considered, and amply attended to, under the existing Laws, and they would not trespass on the fair and full Claims just adverted to, but every Lesson of Experience, and every temperate View of the pressing Inconveniences which difficult Crops may at any Time occasion, compel them to approach the House with this Representation, and to state, that the Petitioners, convinced of the Wisdom and Integrity to which they apply, most confidently trust that the proposed Extension of Price for the Import of Wheat will not be admitted to pass into a Law, but the present Regulation maintained, under which Commerce has been patronized, Cultivation duly encouraged, and the Community at large, and poorer Order of People in particular, frequently and substantially relieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on Corn

exported, is again re-committed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the L°rd3 Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Woolcombers Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manu- Bill put off factures of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, in the for Two County of Norfolk and City of Norwich, and County of the same City.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 4. Leave out from " applied" to "And" in Line 24 of the same Press.

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more Norfolk effectually to prevent Abuses and Frauds committed by Woolcombers Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing ordered. Wool and Worsted Yarn, in the County of Norfolk and City of Noi'wich, and County of the said City: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. Windham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Charles Hope reported from the Committee, to Kirkcaldy

whom the Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Two Pennies Fifteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his Scots Bill late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty repor c of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny

Sterling,

Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town* of , and Liberties

thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Curdworih Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to and Min- whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

sure BHI °" an^ Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common reported. Pastures, Heath and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of Curdworth and Minworth, in the Parish of in the County of fWarwick, was committed, That the < Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place 3 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Livingstone Mr. McDowall reported from the Committee, to and Glasgow whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, made for repairing the Roads from r stone, by the Kirk of Sliotts, to the City of and

by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of St rat haven, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate, to the Town of Strathaven; and for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Airdrie towards the City of Glasgow, through the Village of Sheltlestone, till it falls into the Great Road from Muriehall to the said City, and for repairing the Road from the said Great Road, by Dry gate and Whitehall, to Carntyne, and for repairing and widening several other Roads, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Thccvesf 'oord, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgow, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord- Hope and ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, Dodleston and draining, the Commons and Waste Grounds within Vlcl""re* the Manor of Hope, in the County of Flint, and also a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground in the '

Townships of Lower Kinnerton and Dodleston, within the Manor and Parish of Dodleston, in the County of Chester: And the same was received; add read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to NettUton tn-

whoni the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the closure Bill , Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, rel)0rted-and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ncttleton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had mven their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for altering so much of an Act, made Scotch Gars* in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Passed-jesty, as relates to the Time of killing Muir Fowl and Tarmagan in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Time of killing Muir Fowl and Tarmagan, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That General Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Creditors for divers Sums of Kingston Money lent and advanced u|>on the Credit of the Tolls uponThann* authorized to he collected by virtue of certain Acts of Ael> Parliament upon the Road leading from Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shcetbridge, near Fetersjicld, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road, and that a Petition hath been presented to the House in order to obtain several Alterations in the said recited Acts, and amongst others, as the Petitioners are informed, to discharge the present Trustees from their Trust, and to divide the Road into Two Districts, and that separate Trustees should be appointed, and separate Officers chosen, for each District, and that the new Trustees so appointed should, have the sole Care of the Road, and the Application of the Money to be laid out within their respective Districts; and that, in the Petitioners Opinion, no public Benefit would be derived by dividing the Road into Two Districts, but, on the contrary, it would occasion an additional Expence in the Management of the said Road, which would very materially affect the Securities of the Petitioners, and, from the Inability of the Southern Part of the said

Road

.ooaie

31 Geo. III. 12° M

Road to maintain itself without the Establishment of an additional Turnpike Gate, such Alteration would lay an additional Burthen upon the Public: And

therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, in Support of this their Petition, and have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet-bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Petition for A Petition of several Burgesses, and other Inha-Provision' to bitants, the Town and Borough of Derby, was pre-Derby sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Paving, Ate. Application bath been made to the Ilonse for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said Town, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, therein; and that certain Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, within the said Town or Borough, are very narrow and incommodious for Passengers and Carriages, and it would be of Safety and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town or Borough, and Persons resorting thereto, if such Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, were properly watered, widened, and rendered safe and commodious: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for widening, and rendering safe and commodious, the said Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Derby, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

West India . The House was moved, That an Act, made in the JfumuciT'&c Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Free Port' jesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade Acts, to be " between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and considered. " Plantations in North America, and in the West India " Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United " States of America; and between His Majesty’s said " Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares,

" and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa in the

" Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the " Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island

" of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island " of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands,

" under certain Regulations and Restrictions," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was ’also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh '* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

" in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego " Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada,

" in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and " in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Prooidonee. One of tire Bahama Islands, under certain " Regulations and Restrictions; and for regulating " the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodifies, the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Pilchard the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Fishery Bill to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of the Pil- de*Brre<*-chard Fishery, by continuing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Ordered\That the Order of the Day, for the House Committe* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Motion, made upon the 18th Day of April last, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Culture of Hemp within the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had cofae to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Estimate of His Majesty’s Command, Forces serv-

Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces serving in East India, from 23d presen March 1791 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 271 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vo l. 40.

7 c ESTIMATE

658

IS0 M

A. 1791.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces serving in East India, "from 23d March 1791 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 277 Days.

Alio lut U

Numbers.

CHARGE.

Augmentation of Sir William Howe's Regiment of (Light) Dragoons, from 23d March 1791 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 277 Days.

Pay of Commissioned Officers and Private Men Clothing of Private Men Agency ——

Augmentation of Lieutenant General John's Regiment of Foot, for the like Period.

Pay df Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men - - - - j 260

Clothing of Ditto -

Agency ——

Additional Allowances to Captains

General TrapauJs - - - the same Major General Gordons - the same Major General Murray's - the same Major General Medows's - the same Major General O'Hara's - the same Major General Abercr the same

Major General Musgrs the same

Colonel Marsh's - - - the same

260

260

260

260

260

260

260

260

Total -

2,340

L799 16 2

358 8 1 1

t6 7 9*

1 1,892 16 8

512 18 7 11

21 7 -i

69 5 —

2,496 7 4*

- 2,496 7 4 i

- 2,496 7 4 \

- 2,496 7 4 i

- 2,496 7 4 i

- 2,496 7 4*

- 2,496 7 4 i

- 2,496 7 4*

- 2,496 7 in — „ 4 i

2,437

War Office, 12th May 1791.

Geo. Yonge.

2,174 12

- £

22,467 6 2$

24,641 18 2*

Account of Average Price of Corn ordered.

Expiring Laws Bill reported.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Average Price of all Com, from the Year 1747 to the Year 1770, distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Im

the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Minchin, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Supply.

portation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had

of Quebec in America; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to make perpetual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into tills Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which

directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Prosecution That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred Offender* and Sixty-five Pounds and Three Pence, be granted to Cmn Laws. His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences attending the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Kxtra-That a Sum not exceeding Twelve thousand and ordinary Sixteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence of

r 0 0 the Mint.

o Halt-penny,

559

Alnran

i'uits.

Report Resolutions respecting Duties on im-poi tat 1011 of Tanned Goat and ^beep bkins.

31 Geo. III. 12° Mali.

Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying The said Resolutions being severally read a Second the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Mint in Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the Year 1790. agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said *That a Sum not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, Resolutious: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor of

be granted to Ills Majesty, to be employed in repair- the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Lord ing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Bayham, the Lord Apslcy, Mr. Attorney General, Settlements ou die Coast of Africa. Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- same, upon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Salt Petr# Mr. Minchin, according to Order, reported from the der, a Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have Duties Bill

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execu- Pre#eute<'. ferred to consider of the Duties payable upon the tion, a certain Order of Council respecting the Impor* Importation of Tanned Goat Skins, and upon Sheep tation of a limited Quantity of Salt Petre, for repeal-Skins, commonly called Roans, the Resolutions which ing the Duties now payable upon the Importation of the Committee had directed him to report to the House; Salt Petre, and for granting other Duties in lieu there-which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in of: And the same was received; and read the First at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and Time.

are as followeth; viz. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Fifteen Shillings be charged A Bill to prevent other Ships than those laden with Ships Moor-upon every Dozen of Tanned Goat Skins imported into Tobacco from Mooring and discharging their Lading at in8 B‘11 CODtt* this Kingdom. the Places appointed by an Act, made in the Twenty* lnUte *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in*

That a Drawback of the said Duty be allowed upon tituled, " An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco the Re-exportation of such Tanned Goat Skins. " and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof,"

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, was read a Second Time.

That the Duties now payable upon Goat Skins, tanned Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

into Morocco Leather, do cease, determine, and be no Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

longer paid, or payable. of the whole House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mora-That a Duty of Four Shillings be charged upon every ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Dozen of Goat Skins tanned into Morocco Leather. upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties now payable upon Sheep Skins, com- Mr. Craicfurd presented to the House, by His E*titnat*of monly called Roans, tanned after the Manner of Spa- Majesty’s Command, the EasIt "

nish Leather do cease, determine, and be no longer Estimate of the Charge of a Detachment of the jndie, paid, or payable. Royal Regiment of Artillery for Service in The East tented.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Indies, from 23d March to 319* December 179L That a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be inclusive.

charged upon every Dozen of Sheep Skins, commonly And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

culled Roans, tanned after the Manner of Spanish The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Leather.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Detachment of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, for Service in The East Indies, from 23d March to 31st December 1791, inclusive.

Viz'. Pay of a Major — an Adjutant — a Quarter Master — a Surgeon — and a Surgeon’s Mate - - - Men. AMOUNT.

5 504 2 —

Pay of 2 Companies of Royal Artillery, consisting of 120 Men each, Officers included ----- ----- -- 240 4,473

245 £.4,977 2 —

W. Howe,

G. Crmfu J. Aldr idge.

Office of Ordnance, 31st March 1791*

Vol. 46.

Ordered\

Committee of Enquiry into the Practice and Effects of Imprisonment for Debt.

Mr. Ferrier’s Petition for Leave to present one respecting Salary due to Mr. Johns ton.

Leave given.

Mr. Ferrier’s Petition.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That a Committee be

appointed to enquire into the Practice and Effects of Imprisonment for Debt:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Grey, Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Burke, Mr. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. , Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Smith, Mr. La Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pitt, the Lord Midleton, Lord William Russell, Mr. Fox, Mr. Maitland, the Lord North, Mr. Dudley

North, Mr. Powys, Mr. Montagu, the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Francis, Mr. Bur-don, Mr. Phclips, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Mr.

Pulteney, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. the Lord Bayham,

the Lord Apsley, Mr. Thornton, Sir James St. Clair Erskine, Sir William Young, Mr. Whitbread, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Martin, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Andrew Stuart, Mr. Hartley; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Place to Place, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Petition of Robert Fcrrier, Attorney, appointed by Samuel Johnston, of Nayes, in the County of Chowan, in the State of North Carolina, Administrator, with the Will annexed of Gabriel Johnston, Esquire, formerly Governor of the Province of North Carolina, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner did, in the Month of November 1785, apply, by Memorial, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, praying Payment of the Sum of £. 2,043. 195. id. being the Balance of an Arrear of Salary due to Gabriel Johnston, late Governor of North Carolina, but, by Reason of the Absence, on His Majesty’s Service, of some of the Parties interested in the above Claim, the said Claim could not be adjusted in Time to apply for Relief to the House, until the Time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills had elapsed: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave to present Ins Petition, notwithstanding the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be

?* ven to present a Petition, as desired by the said Robert

'errier.

Then a Petition of Robert Ferrier, Attorney, appointed by Samuel Johnston, of Nayes, in the County of Chowan, in the State of North Carolina, Administrator, with the Will annexed of Gabriel Johnston, Esquire, -formerly Governor of the Province of North Carolina, deceased, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Estate of the said Gabriel Johnston, among other Things, consisted of an Arrear of Salary due to him from the Crown, as Governor

of the said Province, to the Amount of £. 12,500. 8$. 8 to discharge which a Warrant from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury was issued, charging the said Arrear on His Majesty’s Revenue in the Province of South Carolina, by virtue of which Warrant divers Sums of Money, amounting to £. io)456. were paid, till the said Province

became independent of the Crown of Great Britain, so that there uow remains due to the Estate of the said Gabriel Johnston the Sum of £. 2,043. 195. id. as appears by a Certificate of the Receiver General of the Province of South Carolina: And therefore praying,

That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioner such Relief as the Nature of the Case shall appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the -Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sargent, Mr. Henry Hobart,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Sierra Leona to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing a Company for carrying erre' on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain ana the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for- taking into Bill to pro-further Consideration the Report from the Committee of J!.lde for the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the Employment Custody and Employment of Offenders in certain Cases, of Offenders and for the Regulation of the Places in which such Of- put off for fenders may be confined, was committed; 3 Months.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words, " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } ,8.

Tellers for the Noes, { ,}*.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon " this Day Three Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for better the better regulating of Gaols and other Places of q8 "j*tl"8 Confinement: And that Mr. Powys, Mr. Jekyll, the ordered Master of the Rolls, and Mr. Phelips, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message

The Lords A Messn^c from the Lords, by Mr. and have agreed Mi\ Leeds:

*° Mr. Speaker,

Vinehall and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An MrltoadfiilV Act *°

so much of an Act of the Eleventh "*r ’ Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at in

the Parish of Mount field,in the County of Sussex, to Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Bech/ey, and from Staple Cross to Water

Corn Mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's to

the Town of Bye, in the said County, as relates to the said Ruuds from Staple Cross to the Turnpike Road near the said Windmill, and from Staple Cross to Longley’s Water Corn Mill aforesaid; and for enlarging ti»e Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the rest of the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

Lough- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Leicester*11'1 Act *or uia^in? and maintaining a Navigable Coni-Caottl Dill, munication between the Canal and the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways, or Stone Roads, and Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborotigh Canal, and for continuing the same, by passing along the said Canal, to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

Surrey Gaol, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

4c. BilL Act for building a new Common Gaol and Session House, with Accommodations thereto, lor the County of Surrey, and for disposing of the present County Gaol, Tb« Lord* and the Ground thereto belonging; without any Amend-bavepasted nient: And also,

Dormer’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act

Estate Bill. for enabling Trustees to grant Leases of Part of the Estates ol Susanna Ann Dormer, and Jane

Tre[f )yDormer, Infants, and to invest the Monies arising from the Leases to be granted on Fines in the Purchase of Real Estates to l>c settled to the subsisting Uses of the Estates so to be leased; to which tire Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committee on Qut bee re-com nutted Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole floure, to consider further of the Bill to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for makins more effectual Provision for the Government

o

" of the Province of Quebec, in North ,"and

to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Ilobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 13* Mail; Anno 31* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1791.

Ellesmere, &c. Poor Bill passed.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, BasJiurch, and Horsley, Voju 46.

and to the several Chapelries or Districts of otherwise Hadnal Ease, and Little Ness, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes of Ellesmere,

Middle, Baschurch, and Horsley, and to the Chapelry or District of Hadnal, otherwise Hadnal Ease, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Chaddesden or Common Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Inclosure Grounds, within the Liberty of Chaddesden, in the P48*^-Parish of Spondon, and County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Chaddesden, in the Parish of Spondon, and County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to Mersey and w horn the Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed Irwell Na»i-in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty gation Bill King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making reportwi*

" the Rivers Mersey and Irwell Navigable from " Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Palatine of " Lancasterwas committed; That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, Dudley Pav-to whom the Bill for better paving, cleansing, light- ln8> ing, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town epur of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for better supplying tire said Town with Water, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do make the Re-r Bromyard port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more Road® ®llt effectually repairing several Roads leading from the repor Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads adjoining thereto, was committed.

Mr. Edward Foley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to' the

7 D House;

13° Man.

A. 1791.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, repairing and widening the Road from Worksop to the in at the Clerk’s'Table: Where the Amendments were Turnpike Road at , and from Debdale to the

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Great Northern Road at in the County

by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, of Nottingham, for amending, widening, and repair* were agreed to by the House. ing the Road branching out of the said above-men-

Ordered, That the Rill, with the Amendments, be ~

Bowes Road Bill reported,

ingrossed.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee,

tioned Road, at or near Ktieesal, in the said County, to the Great Northern Road at or near Carlton upon Trent, in the same County, was given at the last Raster Sessions, holden for the said County; and he also proto whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and duced to your Committee Three several Newspapers,

Powers of Two Acts, of the Sixteenth Year of King called The Nottingham , of the 19th and 26th

George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present of March, and the 2d of April last, wherein the like

Majesty, for repairino the Road from Bowes, in the Notices were inserted.

County of York, to Brough under Stainmorc, in the Ordered, Th'at it be . an Instruction to the Coin-County of Westmorland, and for repairing and widen- mittec, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and ing the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen-at Taylor Bigg, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts, and ing the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at

also the Road from Barrow's Brow to Middle Fell Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Dyke Nook, in the said Counties, and also from Tan Road at South Muskham, in the County of Notting-Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks and Punchatt Pas- ham, is committed, That they have Power to make ture West Gate, to Whaw Lane Head, and by Lilly Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Jocks to Reeth, was committed; That the Committee Road branching out of the above-mentioned Road at or had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found near Kneesal, to the Great North Road at or near the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Carlton upon Trent, in the said County, through the Bill, and made several Amendments there

unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Roy&lA*$ent Usher of the Black Rod: 10 *Jl11*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ravee's Nat Bill reported.

Lewes Market Bill committed.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Anthony Ravee was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging and extending the Powers of the present. Prescriptive Market within the Town and Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and removing the same to a more convenient Place within the said Town and Borough, or within the Precinct of the Castle of Lewes aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kemp, Mr. Harrison, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose

Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Glou* cester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Kenyon, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth ;. vis.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to borrow a further Sum of Money to complete the said Navigation:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

Instruction for additional

Worksop and Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Pro-Debdale Hill prietors, or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Here- Canal from Manchester to or near Prato-lee Bridge, in Roads Bill, ditaments, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; the Township of Little Lever, and from thence by one That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Branch to or near the Town of Bolton, and by another said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, ~ ~

as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Skynner, Esquire, being examined, said, That in pursuance of Leave given by this House, on the 10th Day of March last, Notice of the Application t6 Parliament, for making Provision in the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the

Branch to or near the Town of Bury, and to Weddell Brook, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of I^ancaster:

An Act for making and* maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Severn, near Stour-port Bridge, in the County of Worcester:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Loughborough Canal and the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways, or Stone Roads,

and

31 Geo. III. 13"

and Water Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the same, by passing along the said Canal, to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester:

An Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, K uisances, and Annoyances therein:

An Act for lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Old Swinford, in the County of Worcester, and for re-

moving and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein:

An Act for building a new Common Gaol and Session House, with Accommodations thereto, for the County of Surrey, and for disposing of the present County Gaol, and the Ground thereto belonging:

An Act for taking down, and re-building, the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor w itlun the Hundreds of Lots and in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for opening a new Road from Milford, in the County of Pembroke, to Stainton, and for amending and widening the Road from the said new Road, through Stainton and Johnson, to Merlins Bridge, in the same County:

An Act to continue the Terra and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to in the County of Susses:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Alcester and Evesham Turnpike Road at the End of , in the County of Warwick, to Chipping and from

thence to Upton Old Lam, in the County of Gloucester: An Act to continue and amend an Act, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dunsjord, in the County of Devon, to Che rrybrook, in the Forest of Dartmoore, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and w idening the Roads leading from Brighthelmston to The County Oak on

Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex:

An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldcnnaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Eyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint Johns Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and from an Inn called The Hinds Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which stands in the said County of Berks:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein Vot. 46.

Mail.

mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing the Road from a Place called Long Cross Bottom to the Bruton Turnpike Road, near Bat combe Church, in the said County, and for paying, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, within the said Town:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Vinchall, in the Parish of Mountfield, in the County of Sussex, to Cripps’s Corner, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckley, and from Staple Cross to Water

Corn Mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County, as relates to the said Roads from Staple Cross to the Turnpike Road near the said Windmill, and from Staple Cross to s

Water Corn Mill aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the rest of the said Roads:

An Act for establishing and confirming, a certain Exchange agreed upon between his Grace the Archbishop of York and Willia/n Markham, Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments of the said Archbishop, called Beckey Grange, in the Parish of Abberford, in the County of York, for certain Lands and Hereditaments of the said William Markham, situate at Lang-thorne and Crakehall, in the Parishes of Bedale and Hornby, or One of them, in the said County:

An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of or belonging to Thomas Staunton, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Buckingham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in such Manner as therein is mentioned:

An Act to empower Nathaniel Webb, Esquire, and others, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons

O u

and Waste Lands within the Manor of Chadwick, otherwise Chadwick, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Bird-ham, in the same County, commonly called or known by the Name of Birdham Common:

An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in

the County of'Sussex, which lies in the’Parish of -wittering, in the same County, commonly called or known by the Name of Westuittering; and

also a certain other Open Waste or Compion, called Cackham Gi'eeti, in the same Parish:

An Act for draining and dividing a certain Moor, or Tract of Waste Land ^called King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Eastwood, in the County of Nottingham:

'An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish oiTaroin, in the County of Chester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Christleton, in the County of Chester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within tho Manor or Township of Norton in the Clay, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Handsworth, in the County of Stafford:

An

13° Mail

A. 1791.

Bill to amend Acts relative to licensing Alehouse-keepers and Victuallers ordered.

An Act to enable Dame Jane Trafford, Widow and Relict of Sir Clement Trafford, Knight, deceased, to take and use the Surname of SouthceU, pursuant to the Will of Edward Southwell, Esquire, deceased.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regu

making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JodreU, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-l>er.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committw lating the Manner of Licensing Ale-houses, in that a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed on <?ler^8"f Part of Great Britain called England; and for the Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the A*8Ue *»" ’* more easy convicting Persons selling Ale, and other Offices of Clerks of Assize, Associates, and Clerks of " Liquors, without Licence," might be read. Indictments.

And the same was read accordingly. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The House was also ntoved, That an Act, made in Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee, the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That

" Majesty a Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, they had heard Counsel in Support of the Petition of " Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors; and for esta- Gerard Dutton Fleetwood, John Meredith

" bhshing a Method for granting such Licences in Price, John FoUett, and Fletcher Rigge, Esquires, the " Scotland; and for allowing such Licences to be Clerks of the Assizes, and Clerks of the Crown, of " granted at a Petty Session in England, in a certain Five of the several Circuits of England, and had made " Case therein mentioned," might be read. a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the

And the same being read accordingly; Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to again, amend so much of the said Acts as relates to the Resolved, That this House will, upon JVidnesday Seven-Licensing of Alehouse-keepers and Victuallers, and for night, the 25th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself better regulating Alehouses, and the Manner of granting into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ' ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ of the said Bill.

1 &

such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons Selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses: And that Mr. Call, Mr. Maand Mr. Eliot, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Felony Rewards Bill put off for Three Months.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Way* and consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- Means.

A Motion being made, That the Order of the Day, ply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Felony Rewards Gill ordered.

Petty Larceny Witnesses Bill ordered.

for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of Felony; and to enable Persons convicted of Petty Larceny to be Witnesses, be now read;

The House was moved, That the several Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 25th and 26th Days of March 1719, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act against clandestine Running of uncustomed and prohibited G oods; and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of Felony; and to enable Persons convicted of Petty Larceny to be Witnesses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of Felony: And that the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Powys, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

And the said Order being read accordingly

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Ma- NavyEsti-jesty’s Navy, for the Year 1791, be referred to the said a,.e* — aDJ Committee. CorpsofVoot

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what in New South

reader Persons convicted of Petty Larceny competent may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Wale*

Aylesbury

Road Bill committed.

Witnesses: And that the Master of the Rolls, Mr Powys, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms of Two several Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twenty-fifth Years of His

Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the ferred* Merchants Yards, and otiter Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an

present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Augmentation to the Corps of Foot serving in New Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame South Wales, under the Command of Major Francis and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Grose, from 24th February 1791 to 24th December fol-

Bensington’and Shilling ford, in the County of Oxford,..... ~

and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame to the Oxford I urnpike Road, between Postcomb and Tetsworth, in the said County, and for

CO

lowing, both inclusive, being 304 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

31 Geo. III.

13° — 16°

565

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Com- " Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties mittee. " in Lieu thereof."

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Sierra Leona

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they House, upon the Bill for establishing a Company for Bl e erre' had directed him to report, when the House will please carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great to receive the same. Britain and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Africa, and for enabling the said Company to bold,

Morning next. by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District be was directed by the Committee to move, that they of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra raav have Leave to sit again. Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to carry on the said Trade.

K««U, &c. Re-admeasurement Bill deferred.

West India Trade, and Jamaica, dec. Free Port AcUdcferred.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Keels, Pan Keels and Pan Boats, and other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunas, Iff die Maii;

Anno 31® Georgii III*" Regis, 1791.

Praters.

MR. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Norfolk ing to Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent Woolcomb-Abuses and Frauds committed by Persons employed in e"BJ,je(j

4 n 4 a mi 1 4 /\ w Ktn \\J /vrvl /I \1/ ama^a/1 V A mm "

eighth Y’ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, tuled, ' An Act for regulating the Trade between the in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, and " Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations County of the said City: And the same was received;

" in North America, and in the I Test India Islands, and and read the First Time.

the Countries belonging to the United States of Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

" America; and between His Majesty’s said Subjects

" and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies-," and A Bill for building a Bridge, cross the River Thames, stain*# also, of an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of from Staines to Egnam, in the Counties of Bridge Bill

- - ‘ ‘ committed.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for allowing the Importation and Exportation of " certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the " Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, " and Santa Lucca, in the Island of Jamaica, in the " Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the " Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the " Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One

and Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Report on Motion for Hemp Kill deferred.

Ships Mooring Bill deferred.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Hounslow Acts, made in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign Heath and " of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations of his late Majesty King* the Second, and in Basingstone

" and Restrictions;" and also, of an Act, made in the the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, comroi ’

." amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh in the County of , to a Place called -

" Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, stone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of

" An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, and for maintainof certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the ing and repairing Egham Causeway, in the said County " Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

" and Santo Lucca, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this

" the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

" the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, Chamber.

" One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations

" and Restrictions; and for regulating the Duties on An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Barrar’s " the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Act to enable Edward Acton Barrar, Esquire, and the Name Bill " Growth and Production of the Countries bordering Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname of Acton comnutte

" on the Province of Quebec." ’ only, pursuant to the Will of Edward Acton, Esquire,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of deceased, was read a Second Time, the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, of the Motion made upon the 18th Day of April last, Mr. Webb, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

the Culture of Hemp within the Dominions of the

Crown of Great Britain, be received upon Monday A Petition of the Honourable and Right Reverend Petition for Morning next. James Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, and the ^ro^lsl°p.‘n

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- humble Petition of Thomas Stanley Massey, Esquire, ComoM's^ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Lords of Manors and Owners of Lands within the Agreement House, upon the Bill to prevent other Ships than those Hundred of Wirrall, in the County of Chester, ad- Bill, laden with Tobacco froth Mooring and discharging joining to, and lying on, the North or North East their leading at the Places appointed by an Act, made Side of the Old Channel of the River Dee, was pre-in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Vol.4<5. 7E Bill

566 16° Man. . 1791.

Bill for confirming an Agreement entered into between Sir Charles Gould reported from the Committee, to Counter's the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act Bridge and recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of llis present Dee, and certain Lords of Manors lying below or to Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of JeMrted! the South East of Greenfeld Gate, in the County of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, iPst»

Flint,on the South Side of the said River Dee, and in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns:

other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the of Brentford and Hounslow to the Powder Mills in tlte , !

Wastes and Commons and the Old Common Salt Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said Marshes lying on the South Side of the said River, and County, in the Road to Coinbrook, and for repairing, below or to the South East of Greenfield Gate aforesaid, turning, or altering, the Highway leading from the and an Award made in Consequence thereof, and said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the for erecting Part of the said Company’s Lands into Town of in the said County, and from thence <i!

a separate Township; and Setting forth, That, by a to a Gate on the South Side of Tedington Field, and

Clause in an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road *

late Majesty King George the Second, certain Sands, near Green Turnpike to a House known by

Soil, and Ground, lying between the Common Salt the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth Marshes on the South Side and the Hundred of Wirrall,aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the in the County of Chester, on the North Side of the said Highways, was committed; That the Committee said River, were, so soon as the Navigation should be had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found r

Completed, vested in Nathaniel therein mentioned, his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, and are now vested in the said Company of Proprietors; and that on a Construction of the said Clause which the Petitioners conceive the Words thereof do not warrant, the said Company have claimed certain Lands or Sands lying within the Hundred of Wirrall aforesaid, to which Claims the Petitioners object, alledging that such Lands or Sands are Parcel of certain Manors situate within the Hundred of Wirrall aforesaid, and it is expedient that all Doubts respecting such Boundaries and Claims should be removed, and that the respective Rights of the Parties to such disputed Lands br Sands be settled and ascertained: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for trying the Rights of the said Company of Proprietors in or to the said Lands or Sands, the Subject of Dispute as aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, the Lord Belgrave, Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Curdworth An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Win- and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common worth Inclo- pastures, Heath and Waste Grounds, and other Compassed! monable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of Curd-north and Mhncorth, in the Parish of in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of Curdworth and Min worth, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the County of ITandck.

Ordered, That Sir Robert do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stockton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inciosttre Eill Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, pusked. an(] other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Stockton,in the County of was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish Qf Slcckton,in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Lawley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common edingale and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common inclosureBil Pastures, commonly called Edingale Fields, within the committed. Parish of Edingale, in the County of Stafford, and the Parish of Croxall, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Darty Moor of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Itoad Bill His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the P4*1, Road from Dai ly Moor, in the County of Derby, to Ellaston, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Iload between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford, was read the.

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to Ellaston, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littletbn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Anthony Ratec, was Ravee’s Nat. read the Third Time. Bill passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ravec.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Lawley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cau'thomepresented to the House, according Lincnln

to Order, a Bill for paving the Footways of certain Paving Bill Streets within the City of Lincoln; for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Streets, and other Streets,

Lanes, and Public Passages and Places, within the said City, and for removing and preventing Nuisances,

Annoyances,

Day appointed for considering Report of Poor Bill.

Sunderland Poor Bill presented*

Stoke ard Dravcott Inclosure Bill committed.

Pilchard Fishery Bill reported and re-committed.

Correspondence, &c. relating to Sir Eyre ( note, presented.

31 Geo. III. 16° Mail 567

Annoyances, and Encroachments therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Laws in being for the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant May.

Mr. Milbankepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Stoke Moor and Draycott Moor, within the Manor and Parish of Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. mon, Mr. Phclips, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Lanon,according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by continuing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the 1 louse being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Ramsay, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the I louse, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copies of all Correspondence between the Governor General and Council of Bengal and the President and Select Committee of Saint George, relate e to the separate Powers exercised hv the late Lieutenant General Sir Ey Cade, while in Command of the Army on the Coast of Coromandel, in the Yci.r17.S2: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the President and Select Committee of Fori Saint George to the late Lieutenant General Sir EyreC'oot dated the 22d of April 1783, relative to the Recommendation of the Governor General and Council of Bengal to re-invest the said Sir Eyre Coote with the separate Authority he exercised in the Year 1782: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General and Council of Bengal to the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George, dated the 10th of March 1783, directing them to re-invest Lieutenant General Sir Eyre Coote with the separate Authority he exercised in the Year 1782: And also,

N° 4. Extract of a Letter from the Governor General and Council of Bengal to the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George, dated the 24th of March 1783, on the Subject of- their Orders relative to re-Voju 46.

investing Lieutenant General Sir Eyre Coote with the separate Authority he exercised in the Year 1782: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George to the Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated the 17th of April 1783:

And also,

N° 6. A Paper, intituled, " Information submitted " to the Honourable the House of Commons, in Obedience to their Order, dated Jovis, 120 die Maii,

" 1791, requiring to he laid before them, Copy of " the Right honourable Lord Macartney's Minute,

" and the Copy of a Letter from the Governor and " Council of Fort Saint George, dated the 2 2d April " 1783, to Lieutenant General Sir Eyre Coote, Commander in Chief of the Forces in India."

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to make perpetual an Act, Pawnbrokers passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Passed-present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to make perpetual an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade or " Business of Pawnbrokers."

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman 1 Vat son do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council Stirling, In-of the Borough of Stirling, and William Anderson, Esquire, Eldest Baillie and Chief Magistrate of that Bo- Election-rough, and Delegate commissioned for the said Bo- Petition of rough at the late Election, held for chusing a Member delegate*, to serve in Parliament for the District of which it is One, in the room of Sir Archibald Campbell, deceased,

James Francis Erskine,of Forrest, Esquire, Burgess and Delegate commissioned for the Borough of Dunfermline, Thomas Munson, Writer in Edinburgh, Burgess and Delegate elected by a Majority of legal Voters for the Borough of Inverkeithing, Alexander Abet'cromby,

Esquire, Advocate, elected Delegate for the said Borough of Dunfermline, by the Magistrates and Councillors thereof, who did not vote for the aforesaid James Francis Erskine, Mr. William Robert, Advocate, Burgess and Delegate, chosen for the Borough of Culrose, by a legal Meeting of the Council thereof, and of Mr.

Archibald Stewart, Junior, Burgess and Councillor of Queemjcrry, Delegate elected lor that Borough, by a Majority of legal Votes, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Stirling, Inverkeithing, Dunfermline, Culrose, and Queensferry,in the room of Sir Archibald Campbell,

Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, deceased, held at Stirling, on the 4th Day of May, Current, the Honourable Andrew Son to the

late ’shomas Earl of Dundonald, and Captain James Campbell,of the Nineteenth Regiment of Light Dragoons, stood Candidates, and, by the Rotation established by Law, Stirling was the presiding Borough, and the Petitioner William Anderson, Esquire, its Commissioner or Delegate, the Prases of the Meeting, and, in Case of an Equality, entitled to a decisive or casting Vote; and that the Petitioners voted for the said Captain James Campbell, and Sir John Henderson of Forded, Baronet, Delegate chosen by Part of the Council of Inver keithing, and who had received an

inlormal

568 16° Mail

informal and illegal Commission, the aforesaid Honourable Andrew Cochrane himself, who had been illegally chosen Delegate by certain Members of the said Borough of Culrose, and received an informal Commission, and John Taylor, Esquire, chief Magistrate of -ferry, who had been illegally chosen Delegate for the said Borough of Queen.ferry, and received a Commission, voted for the said Honourable Andreio Cochrane, who was declared duly elected, and returned, although the other Candidate, the aforesaid Captain James Campbell, had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned the Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said District of Boroughs; and that many corrupt, undue, and illegal Acts and Irregularities of proceeding were committed previous to and at the Time of the said Election, in procuring the Votes and Commissions for the said Delegates, who voted for the said Honourable Andrew Cochrane, and in making the Return in his Favour, and more particularly with regard to the said Borough of Inver-heithing, the said Sir John Henderson, the Delegate who voted for the aforesaid Honourable Andrew Cochrane, first procured himself to be chosen Provost or Chief Magistrate for the Borough, in room of the aforesaid Sir Archibald Campbell, deceased, who held that Office by corrupt and undue Means and Practices, and under Influence of the same undue and unconstitutional Means, procured himself to be elected Delegate; and further, James Francis Erskine, Esquire, a Member of Council, and Resient within the Borough, was not legally cited to attend the Meeting of Election, no Notice having been given to him, either Personally or at his Place of Residence within the said Borough, to attend the Meeting of Council that was summoned to appoint the Day for the Election of the Delegate, and the Commission granted to Sir John Henderson, as Delegate, was not signed by the Common Clerk of the Borough, nor the Common Seal thereof appended thereto by him, as required by Law; so the Vote of the said Sir John Henderson ought not to have been received, and that of the said Thomas Manson ought to have been sustained: And that, with regard to the said Borough of Culrose, the Election of the said Honourable Andrew Cochrane, as Delegate, was brought about by corrupt and undue Means; and further, the Sheriff of Perthshire, within whose Jurisdiction the Borough of Culrose lies, having, on the 23d of April last, issued his Precept to the Magistrates and Council of the said Borough of Culrose, to choose a Delegate, he became functus Officio, and had no Power to issue a Second Precept; that, notwithstanding thereof, he most illegally and unwarrantably took it upon him to issue a Second Precept on the 26th of the same Month, which was delivered to a Person who had no Right to receive a Precept: That the Meeting of the Council for fixing a Day to choose a Delegate, the Election itself, and the Commission granted in consequence thereof to the aforesaid Honourable Andreio Cochrane, and all the Proceedings of the Council, under the Authority of the Second Precept, are void and null, as being without any legal Warrant or Authority, and the Election of the Petitioner Mr. William Robertson, Advocate, under the Authority of the First Precept, was valid and effectual, and his Vote ought to have been sustained by the Returning Officer: And that, with Regard to the said Borough of Queensferry, after a Majority of the Council had declared themselves in the Interest of the aforesaid Captain James Campbell, certain Members were drawn off by Bribery, Force, Confinement, and other undue and unconstitutional Means, to the Interest of the said Honourable Andrew Cochrane, and to vote for the said John Taylor to be Delegate; by all which the Freedom of Election has been violated, and an unfair Representation in Parliament for the said Boroughs of Stirling, and others, obtained, contrary to the Wishes and Inclinations of

A. 1791.

irf i

a Majority of the uncorrupted and legal Electors, to the great Hurt and Prejudice of their unquestionable Rights and Franchises: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be permitted to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, upon the Merits of the aforesaid Election, and against the Return made in Favour of the abovementioned Honourable Andrew Cochrane, and that

the Petitioners rtiay have such Relief in the Premises as:

to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- ud

sideration upon Friday, the 2f>th Day of August next, <*

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leigh'* to enable Thomas Leigh, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of C0lumi te Hare only, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Call,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen Regulation employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom: And of Seamen in, that Sir Matthew White Ridley and Mr. Brandling do ^‘reade01isuns prepare, and bring in, the same. ordered.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Supply, was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed hitn to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordinary «f That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Eighty- Navy, nine thousand Three hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1791-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extra Navy. That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Six thousand and Ten Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of the Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1791.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Augmenta-That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Seven hun- tion of Corps dred and Fifty-four Pounds Five Shillings and Eight ^ewSoutk Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, towards Wale*, defraying the Charge of the Augmentation of the Corps of Foot serving in New South Wales, from the 24th Day of February 1791 to the 24th Day of December following, being Three hundred and Four Days.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr

J

31 Geo. III. 16° .

mmTmciuatf8 Wr* IlenryHobart, according to Order, reported Piece of Paper, upon which any Promissory Note,

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it or other Note payable to the Bearer on Demand, where was referred to consider further of Wuys and Means for the Sum shall amount to Forty Shillings, and shall not raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolu- exceed Five Pounds Five Shillings, shall be ingrossed, tions which the Committee had directed him to report to written, or printed, and which shall be rc-is suable after the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards any Payment thereof.

delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Dade* on rea(l» an^ are as followeth; viz. That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling be charged upon

Bill* of Ex* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or , change, Ac. That the Stamp Duties now charged upon every Piece Piece of Paper, upon which any Promissory Note, or ( of Vellum, Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, other Note payable to the Bearer on Demand, where

othT"^ upon which any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, the Sum shall exceed Five Pounds Five Shillings, and or other Note, Draft, or Order, and upon any Receipt shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, shall be ingrossed, for the Payment of Money, shall be ingrossed, written, written, or printed, and which shall be re-issuable after or printed, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or any Payment thereof.

payable. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Two Pence be charged upon That a Stamp Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge,

Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange, or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment of Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, pay- Money, amounting to Forty Shillings, and not amount-able on Demand, where the Sum shall amount to Forty ing to Twenty Pounds, shall be ingrossed, written, or Shillings, and shall not exceed Five Pounds Five printed.

Shillings, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, which shall not be re-issuable, after Payment thereof, That a Stamp Duty of Four Pence be charged upon at any other Place, than where the same was first every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or issued. Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment of That a Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon Money, amounting to Twenty Pounds, and not every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or amounting to Fifty Pounds, shall be ingrossed, written,

Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange, or printed.

Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, pay- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, able on Demand, where the Sum shall exceed Five That a Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon Pounds Five Shillings, and shall not exceed Thirty every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Pounds, or upon which any Bill of Exchange, Pro- Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge, missory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, payable or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment off otherwise than upon Demand, where the Sum shall Money, amounting to Fifty Pounds, or upwards, shall be not exceed Thirty Pounds, shall be ingrossed, printed, ingrossed, written, or printed.

or written. The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

That a Stamp Duty of Nine Pence be charged upon agreed to by the House.

every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the

Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange, said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr.

Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, whether payable on Demand or otherwise, where the the Lord Bay ham, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Attorney Sum shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Fifty Pounds, shall be ingrossed, printed, or written. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling be charged upon Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ex- Information every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or tracts of all Letters, and other Information, given by

Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange, Captain Savage, of His Majesty’s Ship Pomona, to the Poor a" st. Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, relating to the George’sBay, whether payable on Demand or otherwise, where the Transactions of the Black Poor, or Natives, at Saint ordered. Sum shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall not exceed George's Bay, upon the Peninsula of the River

One hundred Pounds, shall be ingrossed, printed, or Leona.

written.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Account of charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, give Directions that there be laid before this House, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of an Account of all Sums of Money which have been to Address*. Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses Order, whether payable on Demand or otherwise, where of this House, and which have not been made good by the Sum shall exceed One hundred Pounds, and shall Parliament.

not exceed Two hundred Pounds, shall be ingrossed, Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His

printed, or written. _ Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

That a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts or-Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange, Account of the Monies which have been issued to the dererl-Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire whether payable on Demand or otherwise, where the into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which Loyalists!1* Sum shall exceed Two hundred Pounds, shall be in- have not been made good by Parliament.

grossed, printed, or written. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an For main.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Account of the Monies which have been issued to the fining Con-That a Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon Representatives of Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Ex- 11 pl>''

evenr Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or pence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the shout VOL. 46. 7 F Harbour

<^.o( ie

16° Mail.

A. 179L

For maintaining Convicts on the Thames,

For Provisions, &c. for New South Wales.

To the Board of Land Revenue.

Harbour of Hatmaze, at Plymouth, and which have not which have not been made good by Parliament: And been made good by Parliament. also,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an An Account of the Monies which have been issued to For main-Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, the Representatives of Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the tolmn8 (£n* Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which Harbour of Hamoaze, at and which have not

have not been made good by Parliament. been made gpod by Parliament: And also.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Camp- For D* on

bell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintain- lh® anws-ing, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Expence of sending Provisions For Provi-

Account of the Expence of sending Provisions and sundry Articles to the Settlements in New South Wales, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and and sundry Articles to the Settlements in New South sions, &c. to

n e t ttr i -n v t i Tv 1__L!_L 1________ 1___________ i i T\. .1* fxnuth

For regulating the shipping of Slaves.

Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and which have not been made good by Parliament

Ordered, That there be laid before tins House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the

For the Prosecution against Mr. Hastings.

To pay Bills of Exchange, See,

Accounts

presented.

Wales, and which have not been made good by Parlia- Soutl1 meat: And also, Wales-

An Account of the Monies which have been issued To the Board to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the of tand Re-State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land venue‘ Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance Revenues belonging to the Crown, and which have not of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, in- been made good by Parliament: And also, tituled, " An Act to amend and continue, for a limited An Account of the Monies which have been issued For regulatTime, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in '"*>tfc® 8b'p* " shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Par- slave*.

" the Coast of Africa." liament, intituled, "An Act to amend, and continue

~ ..... " for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for

" regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa," and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued Eor the Pro-in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying *e nMr Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, HwUngs/

by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Trea- and which have not been made good by Parliament:

sury, and which have not been made good by Parlia- And also,

ment. An Account of the several Sums issued to Thomas To pay Bill*

Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange^ and other ^Exchans<,< The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from Purposes, by the Direction of the Commissioners of the c'

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Treasury, and which have not been made good by

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; .

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies winch have been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Sums issued to Thomas Cotton,

to their Order,

Money issued An Account of the Monies which have been issued for American to tjje Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to y ists* enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and

To

31 Geo. III. 1 6* Mai

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners America* appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Loydto* Parliament

The Monies which have been issued to Join Forster, Gent Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Three thousand Six hundred Pounds.

Exchequer, the loth Day of May 1791.

Robert Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, m Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Representatives of Henry Bradley, Esquire, Convict*, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoaze, at Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to the Representatives of Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoaze, at Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Ten thousand Eight hundred Forty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence.

Exchequer, the 16th Day of May 1791.

Robert Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining Ditto, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Forty-one thousand Seven hundred Sixteen Pound* Ten Shillings and Seven Pence.

Exchequer, the 16th Day of May 1791.

Robert Jennings.

Vo l. 4(5.

New South Wales.

Board of Laud Reve-eue.

Shipping of Slaves.

16° Mail.

A,. 1791<

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Expence of sending Provisions and sundry Articles to the Settlements in New

South Wales, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills drawn by Edward , Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Guardian - -

D® ----- --- to pay Bills drawn by Commissary Miller, for Carpenters

Work done, and Bills drawn by Lieutenant Riou, for Seeds purchased -To Alexander Davison, Esquire, for the Purchase of Cloathing, Hospital Stores, &c.

To James Neare and Rawson Aislabie, Esquires, for the Purchase of Nine Months Provisions for 2,000 Persons ——

1)* for the Purchase of Provisions for 400 Convicts ——

L

£ s. d.

975 15 —

158 4 5

16,755 19 9

10,032 3 2

1,690 19 4

29,613 1 8

Exchequer, the 16th Day of May 1791.

Robert Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Sir Charles Middleton, Baronet, John Call, and John Esquires, Commissioners

appointed to enquire into the State of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Four thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 16th Day of May 1791.

Robert Je.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue " for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British " Vessels from the Coast of Africa," and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to Charles Peace, Gent Secretary to the Commissioners, appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa," amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Exchequer, the 16th Day of May 1791.

Robert Jennings.

To

SI Geo. III.

573

J6° Maiu

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament

To Albany If’allace and Richard Troward, Esquires, Solicitors, for Expences

I * d. 7,782 1 4

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to reimburse him the like Sum paid; viz'.

To William Blanchard for an Index of the Evidence -

D* for a Transcript of the Minutes

D° for taking Minutes of the Trial

JL)* - - for Porterage in delivering Notes

Mr. John White, Clerk to the Committee of Managers -Seven Door Keepers, for their Attendance at Westminster Hall William Blanchard, for a Transcript of Minutes D* for an Index to 1)’ -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

10 10 — 25 16 6 73 10 — 1 4 —

8« 16 5

49 ——

45 12 6 10 10 —

23 15 —

To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for printing Copies of Minutes of the Evidence, from 14th April 179010 ipth July following - -

To Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, Deputy Great Chamberlain, for the Expence of hiring Door Keepers, &c. ——

To Henry Couper, Esquire, et al. Officers of the House of Lords, for their Attendance,

&c. ——

322 14 5 1,178 $ —

1,200 ——

3,670 ——

14A53 3

9

Exchequer, the 16th Day of May 1791.

Robert Jennings.

'10 the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the several Sums issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To discharge Certificates granted by John Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of

Nova Scotia, and Bills drawn by Lord Dunmor, Governor of the Bahama Islands, for Fees due to sundry Persons on Grants of Lands to Loyalists, amount to the Sum of Seven hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence One Farthing.

Exchequer,

the 16th Day of May 1791. Robert Jennings.

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of

7 G them

Ordered \That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Oyster The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee,

Fisheries Bill to whom the Bill for better protecting the several reported. Oyster Fisheries within this Kingdom, was committed;

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Vol. 46.

Prosecution of Mr. Hastings.

Bills of Exchange.

16° Mad.

A. 1791.

them was disagreed to, and the rest were 'agreed to ky the House.

Ordered, That the BiH, with ’the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hope and A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, lnflo»u«n Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor 6v. B41 of Hope, in the Coupty of and also a certain

cwwpiUffL Tract of Common or Waste Ground in the Townships of Lower Kinnerton and within the Manor

and Parish of Dodleston, in the County of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chichester An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Paving Bill Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, *WS intituled, "An Act for paving of the City of

" ter," and for the better paving and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways and Passages, within the Walls of the said City, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for paving of the City of " ter," and for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways and Passages, within the Walls of the said City, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House onWest India to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade, and to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year Fr^Port of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Acts. " for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, " and in the West India Islands, and the Countries bclonging to the United States of America; and between " His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in " The West Indiesand also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston,

nah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa in the

4‘ Island of Jamaica, in the Port of George in the " Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island " of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island " of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, " under certain Regulations and Restrictions and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the " Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, " Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, " Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaic, in the Port of Saint George " in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau " in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama " Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; " and for regulating the Duties on the Importation " of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province " of Quebec* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. HeHry Hobart took the Chair of the Com-i mittee.

Mr. Spieaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the re porn d, said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in Not'th America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies; and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in tire Port of Saint George in the Island *

of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West; and also, an Act made in the Tw enty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws relating Expiring to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British Law*.Bl11 and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on pa8S the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the allow ing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's St nights; and to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to make perpetual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 21. To leave out " and from thence to the " End of the then next Session of " Parliament"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be,

- Jlkra

& Ik I Accwii

di: if Li

Ltiitr

wire

CiHDt

eta

kiti

Arts?

tec

575

A bt tracts

oi Bombay Accounts — and Kxlract of L«ul Cora wallis's Letter, ordered.

Committee on Last India Revenue Accounts deferred.

Italian Silk Crapes, Acc. Bill com* cuited.

51 Geo. III. 1 X? MM.

be, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on of the whole House,

the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a upon the said Bill.

Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage;

to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address foe Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Copies of Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and to the pro- give Directions, that there be laid before this House, bibiting the Exportation of Toob and Utensils made Copies of all Grants, Cessions, or Conveyances, made sierra Leona. LTse of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this to His Majesty of any Lands on that Part of the Coast Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and of Africa, commonly called or known by the Name of Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into The Peninsula of Sierra Leona.

Parts beyond t!)e Sees; and, lo make perpetual an Act, Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Skins into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do cany the Bill Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Accoonts to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Command, presen

An Account of Money issued to His Royal Highness Money issued Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Prince of Wales, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Prince Abstracts of such Accounts of the Receipts and Dis- to enable him to discharge a Debt for Stone Masons Wales, bursements of the Presidency of Bombay as have been Work: And also,

received from thence siuce the Accounts already before An Account of Money Issued to John For Contin-

the House were presented. Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His genriesdu.

Ordered, That there be laid before this- House, Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to pay Arrears of Con-Extract of a Letter from Earl Cornwallis to the Court tingencies due to sundry Persons from the Office for office,

of Directors of the East India Company, dated the auditing the Public Accounts, to the 25th of March

17th of November 1790. 1791: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, American The House was moved, That the Order made upon Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to defray the Sufferers. Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Expence of Allowances to American Sufferers: And Committee of the whole House, upon Thursday next, also»

to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, For Fees on were presented to the House upon the 1 ith Day of April Esquire, to pay Fees due to Officers of the Exchequer, Money for last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East upon the Receipt of 49*556. 17*- issued as a Georgia? °

India Company, might be read. Compensation to the Loyalists of the Province of

And the said Order being read accordingly; Georgia: And also,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. An Account of Money issued to Alexander Davison, For the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to reim- Purchase of Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Instant May,resolve burse him the Charges attending the Purchase of 500 Sef* itself into the said Committee. Casks of Hemp Seed consigned to Lord Dorchester in lor Cana

Canada.

A Bill to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies, of the Manufacture of The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Italy, unless brought directly from thence, was read a Second Time.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Prince of

Revenues, for the following Service; viz1. Wale*.

*790. _ L.

August 9th. To His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, to enable Hirti to discharge a Debt for Stone Masons Work, which was omitted to be inserted in the Statement of His Royal Highness's Debts, incurred previous to the 01st of May 1787 - - £-3>500 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

-the 1 Utii Day of May 1791, George.

Vet, 4(5.

A a.

16° Mail

A. 1791'

Auditors An ACCOUNT of Money issued to JohnTVigg Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of c*‘ His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes following; viz'.

1789. April 3d.

1790. May 7th.

1791. May 11th.

To pay Arrears of Contingencies due to sundry Persons from the Office for auditing Public Accounts, to 21st January 1789 ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - -

To pay Arrears of Contingencies due to sundry Persons from the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, to 26th of February 1790 ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ——

To pay Arrears of Contingencies due to sundry Persons from the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, to 25th March 1791 To pay the Fees thereof

and Charges attending the Receipt

£ S. d. £ s. d.

1,806 16 9

101 2 — 1,907 18 9

£ s. d. *

1,147 7 4

67 5 1,214 12

4

£ s. d.

1,052 5 —

62 8 — 1,114 13

£ 4,237 4 1

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

16th Day of May 1791. George Rose.

American An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas , Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of Sufferers. His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the following Services j viz*.

For defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government - £.31,000.

TIMES WHEN ISSUED.

1790. 22d July

27th October

9th December

1791. 2 2d January

13th April

£. 7,oooo

7.000

3.000

7.000

7.000

31,000

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 16th Day of May 1791. George Rose.

‘An

SI Geo. Ill

577

-Extract of Lord Cornwall it's Let-Ur presented.

Mr. Ferrier's Petition reported.

16° Mali.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of of

His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the following Services; viz*.

1791- 29th January. To pay the Fees due to the Officers of the Exchequer, upon the Receipt of the Sum of £. 49,556. 17. 6. issued as a Compensation to the several Persons who were Proprietors of Lands in the late Province of Georgia, which by virtue of the Treaty of Peace were ceded to the United States of America £ To pay the Civil List, and Stamps thereon > - -> 1,239 5 6 32 n 6

£ 1,271 17 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 16th Day of May 1791.

George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Alexander Davison, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of Hemp Seed

His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the following Services; viz'. for Cwada*

179*-

14th May. To reimburse him the Charges attending the Purchase of Five hundred Casks of Hemp Seed, consigned to Lord Dorchester for the Use of His Majesty’s Subjects in Canada £.

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

721 8 — 45 8 6

766 16 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 16th Day of May 1791.

George Rose.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Ramsay, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Extract of a Letter from Lord Cornwallis to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 17th of November 1790.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Carcw reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Terrier, Attorney appointed by Samuel Johnston, of Naycs, in the County of Chowan,

in the State of North Carolina, Administrator, with the Will annexed of Gabriel Johnston, Esquire, formerly Vol. 46.

Governor of the Province of North Carolina, deceased, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pedtion, and bad directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, an attested Copy of the Will of Gabriel Johnston, late Governor of North Carolina, deceased, under the Great Seal of the Province of North Carolina, was produced to your Committee; by which it appeared, that the Testator devised, among other Things, his Arrear of Salary, as Governor of the said Province, to certain Persons in the said Will mentioned.

It also appeared, by Warrant under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 6th Day of February 1761, directed to the Receiver General of South Carolina, authorizing him to pay the Arrears of Salary due to Gabriel Johnston, formerly Governor of North Carolina, that such Arrears amounted to the Sum of £. 12,500. 8s. 8

And by a Certificate, under the Hand of Thomas Irvine, Esquire, late Receiver General of South 6 7 H Carolina,

16* Mm.

A. 1791.

Carolina, it appears, that there had been paid upon the " ceeding to the Coast," which were presented to the said Warrant, the Sum of £. 10,481. 9 s. 6 d. and that the House upon Tuesday last, by Mr. , from the

Sum of £.2,ot8. 195. id. still remains due to the Representatives of the said Gabriel Johnston.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair $f the Committee.

Mr.'Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had received a Proposal from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to the Matter referred to the Committee, and had come to a Resolution thereupon; both which the Committee had

Directors of the East India Company, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and confirming a certain Resolution or -Order of the Governor General in Council of Fort William, in Bengal, and all Acts done by virtue thereof, and for granting further Powers to the said Governor General during his Residence on the Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar: And that Mr. Henry Thendas,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Quebec rt-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom committed the Bill to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in Bill reported, the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more effectual Provision " for the Government of the Province of Quebec,

" in North America," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, was recommitted, the Amendments which the Committee

511 f* id to

tfiof'

until,

inti

typl;

inti

directed him to report, when the House will please to had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him

Motion respecting the Governor General of India, 4cc. withdrawn.

receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That the Paper, intituled, " Copy Commissions appointing Earl 0-

" vernor General and Commander in Chief in The " East Indies," which was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of April last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, might be read.

And foe same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That when both the Offices of Governor General of Bengal, and Commander in Chief of the Forces in India, are vested in one and the same Person, it is in-

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 8. 1. 5. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 8. 1. 5, which was after " Person" to insert "on whom such Right shall be " so conferred, or," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^dlnry Hobart:

[Sir James St. Clair Tellers for the Noes, { Erskine,

[Mr. St. John: ,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Com

88.

39-

compatible with the Controuling Power of the Gover- mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second

_ _ _ 1 1 n — J J1 ll«A D ..U1 C I 1 »v* n urtnn thrt I nnc<tl/M\ unnnmtll.i < 4,

nor General, and prejudicial to the Public Service, that the Commander in Chief, if employed in his Military Capacity, on either the Coast of Coromandel or Malabar*, should be Subject to the Orders of either the Presidency of Bombay, or the Presidency of Fort Saint George, over whom, when in his Civil Capacity at Fort William, in Bengal, he has a direct and immediate Controul.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Granting The House was moved. That the Copy of the Powers lotbe Minute of the Governor General in Council of Fort General of William,in Bengal, dated 5th November 1790, signi-India &c. tying his Intention to proceed to the Coast, in order to take upon himself the Conduct of the War; and also, of the Minute of Messieurs Speke and Cowper, Two of the Members of the Council of Fort William, in Bengal, dated 6th November 1790, approving of Lord Cornwallis's Intention of proceeding to the Coast; and also, of the 6,5th Paragraph of a Letter from the Governor General and Council, in their Political Department, to the Court of Directors, dated a 1st November 1790; together with the Paper therein referred to, intituled, " Powers delegated by the Board to the

Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them, which was to fill up the Blank in Fo. 19. 1. 8. with the Word " Thirty," was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by filling up the Blank in Fo. 19. 1. 8. with the Words " One hundred."

And the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with those Words;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {fr- Shcriia"’

} 41’

Tellers for foe Noes,

Wat-

9or

Right honourable foe Governor General ou his pro- then ingrossed.

Mr. St. John.

Mr. Cawihornc,

Mr. Serjeant

1. son:

So it passed in foe Negative.

And the said Blank was filled up with the Word " Fifty."

Then several other Amendments were made by the House to foe Bill.

Ordered, That foe Bill, with foe Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That foe said Bill be read foe Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if foe said Bill shall be

Can:

c*K

fiw

are:

Bii.

The

BUI for Re-b*( to Own* ers of Vessel* Mixed, deferred.

Supply deferred.

Committee oa Keels, Ac, Re-dme&-su re went Bill.

Report on Blot ion for Hemp Bill deferred.

Ships Mooring Bill deferred.

Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

Orders respecting Ditto.

31 Geo. III. . 16° — 17° Man.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Relief to the Owners of Vessels which may be seized;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to

Ereveut Keels, Pan Keels and Pan Boats, and other loats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals after having undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon the iSth Day of April last. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Culture of Hemp within the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent other Ships than those laden with Tobacco, from Mooring and discharging their Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for repealing the Duties " on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties " in Lieu thereof."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 17* die Mail;

Anno 31* Georgii IIPU Regis, 1791.

Mr. Hopkins, from the Commissioners for executing Papers

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, p0*or a"St>

Extract of a Letter from Captain Henry Savage, of George’s Bay His Majesty’s Ship Pomona, to Mr. Stephens, dated at presented. Spit head, the 27 th of May 1790.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Edzoard Littleton reported from the Committee, nttensor to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Roads Bill of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the r*Porte<1, Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for reducing into One Act of Parliament the several " Laws now in Force for repairing the Road leading " from the Town or Village of Titlensor to the most " Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Latte,

" in the County of Stafford', and for repairing the " Road from Darlaslone Bridge, over Titte.nsor Heath,

" through the Town or Village of Tittensor aforesaid; ’ and for making and keeping in Repair a Road branching out of the said Turnpike Road, near the House known by the Sign of The Black Lion, to Or nearly to Shelton Wharf, all in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, was committed;

That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making navigable the Rivers Mdton Wreak and Eye, from the Junction of the said River Mowbray Wreak with the intended Navigation from - Navigation

borough to Leicester, at or near a certain Place called B pass Tumwater Meadow, in tlje Lordship of Cossington, to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making navigable the Rivers Wreak and Eye, from the Junction of the said River Wreak with the intended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at or near a certain Place called Meadow, in the Lordship of Cossington, to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday next. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the several Orders, made upon the 6th Day of February 1788, be observed every Day that the House shall go as a Committee of the whole House to the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, in Westminster Hall.

Vox,. 46.

An ingrossed Bill for better protecting the several Oyster Fide Oyster Fisheries within this Kingdom, was read the eries Bill Third Time. P858*1-

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 35. To leave out " tried," and insert " so convicted" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, ujjon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better protecting the several Oyster Fisheries within this Kingdom.

Ordered

17° Mail

A. 1791.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill incommodious, and subject to various Encroachments,

Saint Chad's Church Bill reported.

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cotes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building " the Parish Church of Saint ,in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop; and for providing

" a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery," and for raising a further Sum of

Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances — That the paving, cleansing,' lighting, watering, and widening, the said Streets, Passages, and Places, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, would be of great Benefit and Convenience to all Persons residing in, or resorting to the said Town.

That there is within the said Town a Piece of Waste Ground, called Nuns Green, containing about Twenty-seven Acres, on which the Inhabitants of the said Town have the sole Right of Common, but from

Money for fully effecting the general Purposes in the which they derive very little Benefit; but if the said said Act mentioned, was committed; That the Com- Piece of Waste Ground was sold, and the Money arising

ii i i Aii r ,i n-ii _ j i:__i a:j u._____r_____

Voices to Committee

inittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms

thereby applied in Aid of the Rates to be made for defraying the Expences of paving, cleansing, lighting, watering, and widening the said Town, it would be of Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petitions were referred.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report Way* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it *"* Mean*, was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Proposal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, with the Resolution of the Committee

let

Tract

Jama

lirt

Wl|

nit

of Two several Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twenty- thereupon, both which the Committee had^dhected him

fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amend- to report to the House; and he read the Report in his ing the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buck- Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's

Committee on Pilchard Fishery recommitted BiH.

ing ham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and in the County of Oxford, and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road, between Postcomb and in the said

County, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by continuing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Table: Where tig: Proposal and Resolution were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Derby Pav* ing, itt. Petitions reported.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Bur-

To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Bank

Parliament assembled: Proposal

The Governor and Company of the Bank of England humbly propose,

To advance, for the Service of the Public, a Loan of Five hundred thousand Pounds, without any Interest for the same, on Condition, that if at any Time the Balance remaining in the Hands of their Cashier of Sums issued to him for the Payment of Dividends on Account of the National Debt, which shall have been due previous to the Quarterly Payment then next preceding, shall be reduced to a less Sum than Six hundred thousand Pounds, in such Case so much of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be repaid to the said Governor and Company as shall be equal to the Sura by which the said Balance shall be less than the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds:

And in Case, after the Re-payment of any Part of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, the said Balance shall at any Time be again further reduced, in such Case, as often as the same shall happen, such a further Sum shall in like Manner be repaid out of the Remainder of the said Five hundred thousand Pounds to the said Governor and Company, as shall, together with the Sum or Sums before repaid, be equal to the

gesses and other Inhabitants of the Town of Derby ;whole Sum by which the said Balance shall be less than

and also, the Petition of several Burgesses and other Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Derby, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and bad directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in' his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Jeffery Lockett being examined, said,

the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds: And likewise upon Condition, that the Allowance for the Charges of Management of the Public Debt shall continue at the same Rate as at present.

Signed, by Order of the Court of Directors, the 12th May 1791.

Francis Martin, Secretary.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Streets, and other Public Passages and That towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-Places within the said Town, are not properly paved, jesty, the Proposal of the Governor and Company of cleansed, lighted, or watered, are very narrow and the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Five 9 hundred

31 Geo. III. 17° Mail 581

hundred thousand Pounds, upon such Terms and That all hare Voices who come to the

Conditions as are therein specified, be accepted. Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report Reso-llouse. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it ,otions on

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursiAmt to the was referred to consider of the Motion made upon said Resolution: And that Mr Henry Hobart, Mr. the 18th Day of April last, That Leave be given

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, to bring in a Bill to encourage the Culture of Hemp the Lord Bayham, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Attorney Ge- within the Dominions of the Crown of Great neral, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same. to report to the House; which he read in his Place; .

and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table:

W«tIndia Mr. Hairy Ilobart presented to the House, accord- Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Iammc«n&c to ^r<*er» a B'H to amend an Act, made in the

lVr«Hport C* Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

BUI pre- for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His That, to encourage the Culture of Hemp, a Bounty of ewed. Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, Six Pounds per Ton be granted on every Ton of Hemp and in the I Vest India Islands, and the Countries be- raised on any Lands, which are now Wastes or Commons longing to the United Slates of America, and between of Pasture, within Great Britain.

His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

The I Test Indies; and also, an Act, made in the That a Bounty of Twenty Shillings an Acre be granted Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, on every Acre of Lands, which are now Wastes or for allowing the Importation and Exportation of cer- Commons of Pasture, for every Year in which such tain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Acre shall be employed in the actual and bonaJide Cul-Kingslon, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa tore of Hemp, within Great Britain.

Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in That a Bounty of Six Pounds per Ton be granted for the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the every Ton of Hemp, which shall be imported from, and Island of New Providence, One of tire Bahama Islands, the real Produce of, any Country within the Dominions under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And the of the Crown of Great Britain. same was received; and read the First Time. Ordered, That tire said Report be taken into further

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Consideration upon this Day Fortnight

Petition A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of, and

gainsiRipon others interested in Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Paving Bill. Lands

and Tythes, lying and arising within the Township of Ripon, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, within the said Borough, and within the Township of Rip<'n, in the said County; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, it is intended by the said Bill, that the Commissioners, to be therein named, are to be empowered, towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing the same, to assess the Owners and Occupiers not only of Houses and Buildings within the Borough of Ripon, but also of all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Township of Ripon; and that the Township of Ripon comprizes not only the Borough of Ripon, but also considerable Quantities of Meadow, Pasture, and other Lands and Grounds, which are subject to the Payment of Tythes in Kind, and the Intention of rating the Lands and Tythes of the Petitioners, for the Purposes of the said Bill, greatly alarms the Petitioners, whose said Property will thereby be incumbered with an Annual Charge, without any Prospect of their receiving any Benefit or Improvement in their said Lands and Tythes: And therefore praying, That they may be beard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Pai ls of the said Bill as may be injurious to their Property, and may have such Relief as the House shall think reasonable and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard* by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Vo l. 46.

Committee on Sierra Leona Settlement Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing a Company for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the thereunder signed Merchants of Liverpool trading. to Africa, on Behalf of themselves and other Persons concerned in the said Trade, which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of April last, praying to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be permitted to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill* when the Report is received from the Committee to whom the same was committed, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be beard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Windham, from the Select Committee, who were Downton appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Eleetion

7 I Petition detcnni"«L

Council ordered on Petition from Merchants of Liverpool.

17° Mail.

A. 1791.

Petition of WilliamiFright son Esquire; and also, the Petition of Moses Hoorn, Joseph Joseph Chinn,

Eduard Barter, Richard Edmunds, Thomas William I Tinier, Theophilus Land Henry

Freeholders of the Borough of in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed 'the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Bartholomew Bouverie is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Doxcnlon, in the County of Wilts:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir William Scott, Knight, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Down ton:

And also, That the said Select Committee have . determined,

That the Petition of the said William Wrightson, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also,' That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Moses Boom, Joseph JeUyman, Joseph Chirm, Edward Barter, Richard Edmunds, Thomas Womell, William Winter, Theophilus Lewis, and Henry Plashett, did not appear to the safd Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Bartholomew Bou-cerie, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Sir William Scott, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Committee to consider of Prices at which Corn and Flour shall be imported and txpurledj&c.

reported.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Prices at which Corn and Flour shall be permitted to be imported and exported, and the Duties payable thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bramston accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be under Fifty Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat, imported from any Foreign Country, except from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Twenty-four Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Fifty Shillings per Quarter, but under Fifty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat, imported from any

such Foreign Country, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Fifty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of Six Perice.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be under Fifty Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat-meal or Flour, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of Six Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Fifty Shillings per Quarter, but under Fifty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat-meal or Flour, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Fifty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat-meal or Flour, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Rye, Pease, or Beans, shall be under Thirty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Rye, Pease, or Beans, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of Twenty-two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That, whenever the Price of Middling British Rye, Pease, or Beans, shall be at, or above. Thirty-four Shillings per Quarter, but under Thirty-seven Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Rye, Pease, or Beans, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Rye, Pease, or Beans, shall be at, or above, Thirty-seven Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Rye, rease, or Beans, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, shall be under Twenty-five Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of Twenty-two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, shall be at, or above, Twenty-five Shillings per Quarter, but under Twenty-seven Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, shall be at, or above, Twenty-seven Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley shall be under Twenty-five Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Indian Corn, or Maize, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of Twenty-two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley shall be at, or above, Twenty-five Shillings per Quarter, but under Twenty-seven Shillings per Quarter,

there

there be laid upon every Quarter of Indian Com, or Maize, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley shall be at, or above, Twenty-seven Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Indian Com, or Maize, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolva:, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be under Seventeen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Oats, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of Six Shillings and Seven Pence.

llesotoed. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be at, or above, Seventeen Shillings per Quarter, but under Eighteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Oats, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, wheuever the Price of Middling British Oats shall he at, or above, Eighteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Oats, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal shall be under Sixteen Shillings per Boll, of One hundred and Forty Pounds Avoirdupois, or One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Scotch Troy, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-meal, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal shall be at, or above, Sixteen Shillings per Boll, of One hundred and Forty Pounds Avoirdupois, or One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Scotch Troy, but under Seventeen Shillings per Boll, of One hundred and Forty Pounds Avoirdupois, or One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Scotch Troy, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-meal, imported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal shall be at, or above, Seventeen Shillings per Boll, of One hundred and Forty Pounds Avoirdupois, or One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Scotch Troy, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-meal, in)ported from any such Foreign Country, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be under Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat, imported from Ireland or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Twenty-four Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Forty-eight Shillings, but under Fifty-two Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Fifty-two Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be under Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat-meal, or Flour, imported from or the Province

Vol. 46.

of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Six Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above, Forty-eight Shillings per Quarter, but under Fifty-two Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Wheat-meal, or Flour, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Wheat shall be at, or above. Fifty-two Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat-meal or Flour, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Rye, Pease, or Beans, shall be under Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Rye, Pease, or Beans, imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Twenty-two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Rye, Pease, or Beans, shall be at, or above, Thirty-two Shillings per Quarter, but under Thirty-five Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Rye, Pease, or Beans, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British 1 Rye, Pease, or Beans, shall be at, or above, Thirty-five Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Rye, Pease, or Beans, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, shall be under Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Twenty-two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, shall be at, or above, Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, but under Twenty-six Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, shall be at, or above, Twenty-six Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the-Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley shall be under Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize, imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Twenty-two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Bailey shall be at, or above. Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, but under Twenty-six Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Barley shall beat, or above, Twenty-six Shillings per Quarter,

there

584 IT Mail A. 1791.

there be laid upon every Quarter of Indian Corn or Maize, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be under Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Oats imported from

Ireland\or the Province of Qor the other British

Colonies or Plantations in North , a Duty of

Six Shillings and Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be at, or above. Sixteen Shillings per Quarter, but under Seventeen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Oats, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oats shall be at, or above, Seventeen Shillings per Quarter, there be laid upon every Quarter of Oats imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal shall be under Fifteen Shillings per Boll, of One hundred and Forty Pounds Avoirdupois, or One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Scotch Troy, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-meal imported from Ireland, or the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, a Duty of Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal shall be at, or above, Fifteen Shillings per Boll, of One hundred and Forty Pounds Avoirdupois, or One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Scotch Troy, but under Sixteen Shillings per Boll, of One hundred and Forty Pounds Avoirdupois, or One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Scotch Troy, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-meal, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of Middling British Oatmeal shall be at, or above, Sixteen Shillings per Boll, of One hundred and Forty Pounds Avoirdupois, or One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Scotch Troy, there be laid upon every such Boll of Oat-raeal, imported from the said Countries, a Duty of Two Pence.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, is again recommitted, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

The Lord Parker reported to the House, That their Answer t* Addresses of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be Address*, graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account and Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, Report who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, Expiring or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Laws.

Time to Time, to the- House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to -the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in " Foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain Foreign " Wines in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon " which the Duties on Importation have been paid; w and for amending several Laws relative to the " Revenue of Excise," as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer, commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to be in Force until the 5th Day of April 1788, and which, by several Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was continued until the End of this Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed-to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. , and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that Mr. , from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Money issued and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, presented.

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament Ana then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To

31 Geo. III.

17° M

585

To the Honourable the Khights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament

To Thomas Cot ion, Esquire, to be by him applied towards the Payment of Pensions to such Persons who have been Sufferers during the late unhappy Dissentions in America To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, towards defraying the Expences incurred in respect of the several Books and Papers, directed to be prepared and printed by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Rights of '* Persons qualified to vote at County Elections" ....

To John Hatsell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing the Journals of the

House of Commons -

To Henry Hughs, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing Bills,. Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of the House of Commons -To John Nichols, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons -

To John TEilmot, Esquire, et al. Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses, &c.

of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, &c. during the late unhappy Dissentions in America ——

John Anstie, Esquire, for enquiring, in the United States of America, into such Facts and Circumstances as were thought material for the better ascertaining the Claims, &c. of all such Persons who were Sufierers during the late unhappy Dissentions in America -To William Forsyth, for the Discovery of a Composition to cure Defects in Trees, arising from Injuries in the Bark ——

L

£ * d-

32,000 ——

16,787 6 4

1,200 ——

3,143 15 6 695 16 —

9,467 ——

3,154 15 —

1,500 ——

67,948 12 10

mt

Exchequer, the 17th Day of May 1791.

Robert Jennings.

Committee on Corn Re-golation again recommitted Bill.

Bills of Exchange, Ac. Duty Bill presented.

Bill for raising a Sum by Exchequer Bills presented.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. B rams ten took tho Chair of tliG Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the (’hair.

Mr. Bramsti nreported from the Committee, That

they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor repealing the Duxies now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Public Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty’s Forces in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Vol.46.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sb.lp"..... upon the Bill to prevent other Ships than those laden MoonD8 1 ' with Tobacco from Mooring and discharging their Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties " in Lieu thereof," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to allow the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for applying to the Bank Pm-Public Service the Sum of £. 500,000, out of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England from Sums "erre ' issued for the Payment of Dividends, on Account of the National Debt, and for securing the punctual Payment of any Arrears of Dividends, whenever the same shall be demanded, be read the Third Time

7 K upon

17° — 18°

A. 1791:

upon Thursday Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant May.

Italian Silk Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-Crapes, &c. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bill deferred. House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, unless brought directly from thence.

Keels, Ac. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Re-admea- the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent Keels, defem*dtBi11 Pan Keels and Pan Boats, and other Boats, and 6 erre' Wains and Carts, being used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed, was committed, be received IV morrow Morning.

And theu the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Flimwell Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Vent Road Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from FUnncell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newcnden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said

County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper’s Corner, in the said County of Sussex', and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with one of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane', with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords for naturalizing Francis Louis Bonapace, Esquire; to 1,ave PaS6*d

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this

T. Nat. Bill.

House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Bonapace* Time. Nat-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. read‘

Counter’s Bridge and Isle worth Roads Bill passed.

Mercurii, 18* die Anno 31* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1791.

brook, and for repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to thd Town of in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South

Side of Tedington Held, and also the Highway leading 2 Common Rights, who could not be met with, and out of the said Great Road near Smallberry Green ^he Owner of 10 Acres of Land, who refused to sign Turnpike to a House known by the Sign of The f^e and the IV hole of the Property interested George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and |n the Lands intended to be embanked, drained, or for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways, inclosed, amount to 2,047 Acres, and 52 Common was read the Third Time. Rights; and that no Person appeared before the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Combe, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an mittee had gone throuSh lhe Bill, and made several Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that report to the House; and he read the Report in Part of Counter’s Bridge which lies in the Parish of his Place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow to the Powder Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for *on severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth,in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Tedington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road near Smallberry Green Turnpike to a

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

MMS

jliflit

' m l'l . Bill.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, ac- Wolver-cording to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy hampton Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of tVolver- 1Jel)t* hampton, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Prayers. , %

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Sir Browne Folkes reported from the Com- Chatteris and of an Act,.made in the Seventh Year of the Reign ttee> to whom the Bill for embanking and drain- Wimblington of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways *n§ certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Drainage,&c. from that Part of Counter’s Bridge which lies in the Parishes of Chatteris and Dodington, in the Isle of Ely, rep Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, lead- and County of Cambridge-, and for dividing and inclos-. ing through the Towns of Brentford and Hounsloiv to Commons and Waste Lands within the Ham-

the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cran- ietof in the said Parish of Dodington,

ford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Coin- was committed; That the Committee had examined ‘ the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to’be

true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 56 Acres of Land and

(ill

Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported Pilchard from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Fishery re-House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town the Bill for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fish- Bill^portea of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part ery, by continuing a further Bounty upon Pilchards of the said Highways. taken, cured, and exported, was re-committed, the

Ordered, That Sir Charles Gould do carry the Bill Amendments which the Committee had made to the to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

Mr. Ord: in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

Mr. Speaker, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

o»u>vmThe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An One by One; and, upon the Question severally put den Church Act for repairing the Parish Church of Saffron Walden, thereupon, were agreed to by the House, hill- in the County of Essex; without any Amendment: Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The Lords have agreed to

Saffron Wal-

And also,

ingrossed.

A Petition

Pftition against Hipou uig Hill.

MarlowRoad Bill reported.

Bill for Regulation of Seamen in the Coasting Trade, prettified.

Saint Chad's Church Bill passed.

31 Geo. III. 18° Mail. 587

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of " Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making con-Houses, and other Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and " venient Avenues and Passages to the said Church Hereditaments, within the Borough of Ripon, in the " and Cemetery," and for raising a further Sum of County of York,was presented to the House, and read; Money for fully effecting the general Purposes in the Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, light- said Act mentioned.

ing, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public O, That Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do carry Passages and Pluces, within the Borough of Ripon, in the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the County of 1 ark, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and An- Mr. Hawkins Browne presented to the House, ac- Servants noyances, within the said Boroutth, and within the ^cording to Order, a Bill to prevent the forging and Township of Ripon, in the said County; and Setting counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters: And gented? forth, That the Petitioners are informed, it is intended the same was received; and read the First Time, by the said Bill to charge the several Houses, Lands, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tenements, and other Hereditaments, within the said Ordeied, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Borough and Township, with a Kate, towards carrying upon Friday Morning next, the Purposes of the said Bill into Execution; and that

the Petitioners conceive the Laws already in being Colonel reported from the Committee, to Buckingham

sufficient for all the necessary Purposes intended by the whom the Bill for amending and widening several said Bill, and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Pieces of Road, and opening and making several *

Law, the Property of the Petitioners within the said Pieces of new ltoad therein described, so as to make Borough and Township would be burthened with a heavy a convenient Carriage Road from Buckingham through and unnecessary Expence: And therefore praying. That Bruckle, to join the Dacentry Turnpike Road near they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Banbury, was committed; That the Committee had Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law. examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Table, until the Report be received from the Committee through the Bill, and made several Amendments to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Peti- thereunto, which they had directed him to report to tioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time said Petition. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put

thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest Mr. Thomas Williamsreported from the Committee, were agreed to by the House, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keep- A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving in Repair, the Road from Great Marlow, in the ing Notice to Proprietors, before their Lands are en-County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County tered on to get Materials.

of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone to be made Part of the Bill.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be unto, which they had directed him to report to the ingrossed.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Levenlndo-at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands 8ur* w*

Once read throughout; and then a Second 'Lime, One and Grounds in the Township of Leotn, in the Parish1,076 by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- of Lcren, in the East Riding of the County of York, was upon, were agreed to by the House. committed; That the Committee had examined, and

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th ingrossed. of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been

complied with; and that the Committee bad examined Sir Matthew JChile Ridley presented to the House, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be according to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation true; and that the Parties concerned had given their and Government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;

Trade of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and and read the First Time. made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Powers of an the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-build- tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the " ing the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of House.

" Shrewsbury, and County of Salop; and for pro- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

" viding a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and ingrossed.

" making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery," and for raising a fur- Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Second Ex-ther Sum of Money for fully effecting the general ing to Order, a Bill to continue the several Laws

Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read the therein mentioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining *®nte'd

Third Time. the Strength of Spirits by s Hydrometer: And p

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the same was received; and read the First Time, be, An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed Resotoed, That the Bill be read a Second Time, in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building the Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Keels, &c.

" Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrezcs- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Re-admea-

" bury, and County of Salop; and for providing a new Bill to prevent Keels, Pan Keels and Pan Boats, and

Vol. 46. other

18° M

A. 1T91.

other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the A Bill for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills Rills of tw-Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having under- of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, gone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first in- Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts, and for grant-spected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed, was com- ing other Duties in lieu thereof, was read a Second mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had Time.

made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to That the Bill be committed.

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the of the whole House.

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tuble: Where the Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Report was read. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

And the House being informed that several other House, upon the said Bill,

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. A Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been Salt-petre

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution,

Committee of the whole House. a certain Order of Council respecting the Importation

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve of a limited Quantity of Salt Petre, for repealing the itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Duties now payable upon the Importation of Salt further of the said Bill. Petre, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was

Cousidcred. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said read a Second Time.

Committee. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Com- of the whole House, mittee. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, upon the said Bill.

That they had made One other Amendment to the

Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Bill for r«is-House will please to receive the same. or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Public Expences ing a Sum by

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty’s Forces j^'sbe<|utr

Morning. in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, Jilted!"

was read a Second Time.

Bill for Re- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Resolved, That the Bill be committed, m of Vessels reso've *tse^ a Committee of the whole House, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee seized, put upon the Hill for granting Relief to the Owners of Ves- of the whole House.

off for 3 sels which may be seized, be now read. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Months. And the said Order being read accordingly; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three upon the said Bill.

Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Treaty with West India A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty- Treaty made by the Government of Madras with the l]ie

Trade, and eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regu- Nabob of Arcot, during the Administration of Mr.

FreTport C’ latin" the Trade between the Subjects of His Ma- Davidson, which was presented to the House upon the Bill com- jesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and ioth Day of this Instant May, by Mr. Morton, from mitted. in the IV"st India Islands, and the Countries belonging the Directors of the East India Company, be printed, as to the United States of America, and between His Ma- shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the jesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the House.

tVest Indies; and also, an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for al- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of

lowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, set Rounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of apart for the Payment of Bounties on Hemp and Flax a."d , Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa in England. ’ ’ e

Lucca, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint

George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from Ditto, p«-, in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; *ented.

the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, was their Order,

read a Second Time. An Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. set apart for the Payment of Bounties on Hemp and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Flax in England. of the whole House. And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, And the Title of the stud Account was read,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon The said Account is as followeth; viz.

the said Bill.

To

31 Geo. III. - 18a Mail

589

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, set apart for the Payment of Bounties on

Hemp and Flax in England.

The Money remaining in the Exchequer, set apart for the Payment of Bounties on Hemp and Flax in England, amounts to the Sum of Ten thousand One hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Four Shillings.

Exchequer, the 18th Day of May 1791.

William Rose Haworth.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Mfeans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

King’* Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the

Message House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this the*Youiiger House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the Branches of same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker the Royal (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and *uujr‘ is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His M.ijcstv, finding that the additional Charges incurred on .:rcc int of the Establishment of the Younger Branci.e; of His Royal Family cannot be defrayed out of the Monies applicable to the Purposes of His Majesty’s Civil Government, is under the Necessity of desiring the Assistance of Parliament for this Purpose; and His Majesty relies on the Affection of llis faithful Commons, that they will make such Provision as the Circumstances may appear to them to require.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of the Monies granted by the Acts of Parliament of the First and Seventeenth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, with the Imprest, and other Monies, paid into the Exchequer, applicable to the Uses of His Majesty’s Civil Government, for Five Years, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1791; and the Charge thereupon (as near as the same can be ascertained): And also,

An Account of the Monies granted by the Acts of the First and Seventeenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Use of the Civil Government, and of the Charges and Expences of the same, in the Quarter ended the 5th Day of April 1791 (as near as the same can be ascertained).

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Vo 1.. 46.

7 L An

Accoorfte relating to the Civil List presented.

Dr.

To the Annuity of 800,000, granted by ati Act \° Georgii 3lil, and of £. 100,000 by an Act 17° Georgii 3tU, for the Year ended the 5th of Janusfry 1787 -To Cash paid into the Exchequer by Thomas Cotton, Esquire, received by him from the suppressed Offices To Imprest Money re-paid by Lady Greenwich, Administratrix of Charles 7 ownshend, Esquire, lute Treasurer of the Chamber - -

To Money paid by Edward Roberts, Esquire, First Clerk to the Clerk of the Fehs, for a Proportion of the Surplus Fees at the Exchequer ——

£. £.

To the Annuity of 800,000, and of 100,000, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1788 - -

To Imprest Money re-paid by Sir Gilbert Eliot, Executor of Sir Gilbert Eliot. late Ire usurer of the Chamber To D#, by S'heffington Lntwidgc, Esquire, Executor of Charles Lutwidge, Esquire ——

To Money paid by Thomas Cotton, Esquire, received by him from the suppressed Offices --

£. £.

To the Annuity of 800,000, and of 100,000, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1789 -To Money paid by Thomas Cotton, Esquire, received by him from the suppressed Offices - -

To Imprest Money re-paid by Lord Charles Spencer, late Treasurer of the Chamber ——

£. £.

To the Annuity of 800,000, and of 100,000, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1790 -To Money paid by Thoir/as Cotton, Esquire, received by him from the suppressed Offices -

To Imprest Money re-paid by Charles Herbert, Esquire, on Account of the Duke of Manchester, late Lord Chamberlain ——

£. £.

To the Annuity of 800,000, and of 100,000, for the Year ended the 5ib of January 1791 -To Money paid by Thomas Cotton, Esquire, received by him from the suppressed Offices -

To D°, by D°, on Account, for Bills drawn by Lieutenant Governor Macarmick, on Account of Irish Convicts landed at Cape Breton -To Money re-paid by William Mitford, Esquire,on Account of Henry Hamilton, Esquire, Acting Governor of the Bermuda Islands ——

To Imprest Money re-paid by Charles Herbert, Esquire, on Account of the Duke ef Manchester, late Lord Chamberlain ——

To Money paid by Edward Roberts, Esquire, First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, for a Proportion of the Surplus Ftes at the Exchequer - -

5.000 _____

5.000 _ _ 600 — _

3,315_______

2,897 4 5}

£. s. d. 2,764. 12 3f

250 19 10

£. s. d.

4,477 18 l

2,000 ——

- 216 7 9i

900,000 ——

10,600 ——

900,000 ——

6,212 4 5J

£. s. d.

2,400 -

683 7 — i

350 ——

632 11 7i

1,060 2 8|

£. s. d. 900,000 -

3,015 12 1}

900,000 -

£. s, d. 900,000 -

6,694 5 104 906,694 6 10j

910,600 -

906,212 4 5J

903,015 12 14

5,126 1 4

905,126 1 4

4,531,648 3 94

C'.

By the Chargee and Expencea of His Majesty's Civil Government; viz‘.

In the Years ended the

5th Jaunary 1787. 5th Jhuuary 1788. 5th January 1789. 5th January 1790. 5th January 1791. \ TOTALS.

1st CLASS. The Pensions- and Allowances to the £0 *. d. £. s. d. £. t. d. , £. * d> £. *. d. £. 1. d.

Royal Farnrly - - (Page 591.) 2d CLASS. Tile Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Gre at Britain; the Speaker of the House of Commons; the Judges of the Court of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer; the Chief Justice of Chester, and Justices of the Great Session in the Principality 198,500 202,500 208,500 214,875 — — 217,966 9 104 1,042,341 9 10 4

of Wales - (Pa. 09L) 3d CLASS. 1 he Ministers to Foreign Courts, being 32,361 2 — 32,433 15 9} 32,813 5 7| 32,748 14 6 32,125 162,481 17 104

resident at the said Courts - (592.) 4th CLASS. The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, fur any Articles supplied,or any Works done, . 75£66 1 11 78,286 15 3* 81,323 3 6f 86,733 ti — 4 87,786 12 9 409,396 4

for His Majesty's Service (Pa. 593.) 5th CLASS. The Menial Servants of His Majesty’s 139,402 W 44 131,710 130,034 5 11| i- 151,270 2 3| 135,954 8 24 688,371 8 11

Household - (593.) 6th CLASS. 89,742 17 2; 89,818 6 10 89,973 2 7 89*979 14 7J 89,133 15 10 448,647 17 1

For Pensions and Compensations (594.) 7th CLASS. For Salaries of all other Persons, payable out of the Civil List Reve- 116,371 14 9j 113,592 17 94 110,508 10 2| 108,235 13 5; 105,656: 16 6 554,365 12 9i

nues - - , - - (P.594.) 8th CLASS. The Salaries and Pensions of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and the Chancellor of the Exche- 82,098 10 —; 83£l« — 21 83,914 3 94 81,405 1 8} '; 84,200 6 5| 415,236 2 24

quer ... (Pa. 597.) 13,596 3 10; 13,822 13,822 13,822 [ 13,822 68,883 3 10 J

Occasional and Contingent Expences By cancelling Exchequer Bills made out for the Debt of the Civil List 149,935 7 H 12,500 — — 169,683 11 9| 145,560 17 74 166,868 7 5} 161,135 10 71 793,183 14 11| 12,500

:909,773 7 9i 915,465 9 9 896,449 9 4i 945,938 5 — 4 927,781 — 3 4,595,407 12 2 4

The Amount of the Monies applicable to the Payment of the above Expences, vide per Contra Deficiency for answering the said Expences - 4,531,648 3 9$ 63,759 8 5

590 18° Mail A. 1791.

591

31 Geo. III. 18° Mail

An ACCOUNT of the Charge of His Majesty’s Civil Government for Five Years, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th

of January 1791 (as near as the same can be ascertained).

In the Year ended

FIRST CLASS:

The Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family.

His Majesty’s Privy Purse -Her Majesty the Queen -His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales -The Princes Frederick, , Edward,

Ernest, Augustus, and Adolphus The Princes William, Edward, Eryicst, Augustus, and Adolphus -

The Princes Edward, Ernest, Augustus, and Adolphus -

His Royal Highness the Duke of York -His Royal Highness Prince William Henry, now Duke of Clarence *

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland ....

Her Royal Highness the Dutchess Dowager of Cumberland -Her Royal Highness the Princess Amalie

SECOND CLASS:

Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lord Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Speaker of the House of Commons; the Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer; the Chiel Justice of Chester, and Salaries of the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales.

The Lord Chancellor - -

The Speaker of the House of Commons -Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench ——

One of the Justices of Ditto

Another ——

Another ——

Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas -One of the Justices of said Court - r Another ——

Another ——

Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer -One of the Barons of said Court -Another ——

Another ——

Chief Justice of Chester -

Second Justice of Ditto 'Chief Justice of Glamorgan, Brecon, and Radnor ——

Second Justice of Ditto -

Chief Justice of Carmarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan -Second Justice of Ditto -

Chief Justice of Caernarvon, Merioneth, and Anglesea -

Second Justice of Ditto -

Vol. 46.

r 5th January 1787. 5th January 1788. 5th January 1789. 5th January 1790. 5th January 1791.

£. s. d. 1. d. £ s. d. £ d. £. s. d.

60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000 60,000

56,0 00 58,000 58,000 — — 58,000 58,000 ’

50,000 57,500 60,000 60,000 60,000

11,000

- 8,500 6,000 6,000

8,500

- 6,000 12,000 12,000 12,000

3,500 3,500 3,500 9,875 12,000 — —

9,000 . 9,000 9,000 9,000 6,239 J3 9i

_ - - - 1,226 16 — J

9,000

198,500 — 202,560 — — 208,500 214,875 217,966 9 10 {

£ d. £. s. d. £ '*. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

5,000 5,000 5,oooo 5,000 5,000 — —

1,825 1,825 1,820 1,815 995

4,000 4,000 3,891 17 9i 4,000 4,000

1,500 M44 14 9 1,500 1,500 1,500

1,500 — — 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500

1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500

3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000

1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500

1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 — —

000 2 — 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500

2,000 1,067 2 1 2,000 2,000 2,000

1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500

1,500 — — 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500

1,500 i,43o 18 5 1,500 1,500 1,500

730 730 722 9 8J 730 730 — —

500 500 493 7 7 500 500

400 336 — 6j 400 400 ’ 400

400 — — 400 400 . 400 400

400 — — 400 400 203 14 6 400

400 400 385 10 7 400 — — 40© — — >

400 400 400 400 400 — —

' 400 400 400 400 400

32,361 2 — 32,433 15 9i 32,813 5 7 32,748 14 6 32,125

THIRD

592

A. 1791

18° M

In the Year ended

r 5 th January 17 & 7. 5th January 1788. 5th January 1789. 5th January 1790. 5 th January 1791.

THIRD CLASS:

Salaries to the Ministers at Foreign £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s.

Courts, being Residents at the said

Courts.

FRANCE: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipo- 6,814 5 8 7,59i 8 6f 8,365 14 3i

tentiary - - - 8,342 17 H 5,234 5 8 *

Secretary to said Embassy - 1,130 — 1,130 i,i35 6 9 1,130 1,130 468

Minister Plenipotentiary Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary -Commissary to treat about Affairs of Commerce ----- - Secretary to Ditto - - - SPAIN: 480 — 5,250 — 60 — 4o 207 2,610 201 453 — —

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipo- 1,250 16 10J 8,365 14 3* 8,342 17 i*

tentiary ----- - 4,205 14 3i 8,342 17 if

Secretary to said Embassy - 1,337 8 6 1,130 980 9 — 1,130 1,113 10 —

Minister Plenipotentiary -Commissary to treat about Affairs of Com- 1,095 1,095 687 126 483

merce ----- - 1,825 — — 1,825 1,830 1,825 1,825 365

Secretary to Ditto - - - - 365 365 366 365

Charge des Affaires - - -PORTUGAL: \ 436 282

Envoy Extraordinary' and Plenipotentiary - 4,114 10 — 3,467 3,228 3,220 3,22 0

TURIN:

Envoy Extraordinary - - - - 2,225 2,225 2,782 3,320 3,320

Vice Consul at Nice - Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 255 322 1 1^ 340 340 340

at Naples - - - - -Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 3,320 3,320 — — 3,328 3,320 3,320

at Florence - - - - -Charge des Affaires - - - - 2,960 13 2 998 10 — 730 2,230 98 2,225 2,225 -

Minister at Venice - 1,495, i,495 1,498 i,495 i,495

Charge des Affaires at the Swiss Cantons - 250 250 250 250 250

Ambassador at Constantinople 1,095 — — 1,095 1,098 1,095 1,095

HOLLAND: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipo-

tentiary - - 5,250 5,250 7,845 9 Ai 6,130 3 — 8,342 17 if

Secretary to said Embassy - 939 15 6 1,262 5 6 1,574 4 10

Deputy Conservator at Campveere 120 120 120 120 — 120

Agent at Rotterdam - - - -VIENNA: 124 248 248 248 248 — —

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 3,520 3,520 3,528 4,820 5,250

Secretary of Legation at Ditto - - M - - . - 87 365 365 — —

Charge des Affaires - - - 198 556

Envoy Extraordinary at Brussels - 2,225 2,225 2,230 2,225 2,225

RUSSIA:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 3,520 3ji 66 1 — 1,328 4 — 3,520 3,520

Secretary of Legation -Charg£ des Affaires - m 1 1 1 1 o* 366 658 365 — — 365

BERLIN:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 3,320 3,320 2,851 2,678 3,320 .

Secretary of Legation - - - -Charge des Affaires - 180 360 444 291 13 if 414 365 36.5

STOCKHOLM:

Envoy Extraordinary - - - . -Charge des Affaires - - - -Minister Plenipotentiary - - - DENMARK: 2,245 198 1,398 16 6 730 351 836 11 — 732 2,225 556 2,225

Ehvoy Extraordinary . - - , - 3,320 3,320 3,328 3,320 3,320

Minister at Warsaw - - - - 1,495 1,495 1,685 12 3 2,225 2,225

Envoy Extraordinary at Dresden - 2,225 2,225 2,230 2,777 3,320

Minister at the Hans Towns - - - 1,395 — - i,395 1,398 1,395 1,126 6 8

Minister at Ratisbon - 1,395 1,395 i,994 2,125 2,125

Ditto - at Cologn - - - - 1,395 i,395 1,398 i,395 i,395

Ditto - at Cassell - 500 500 500 — , — 500 500

31 Geo. III.

18° M

593

Consul at Madrid -

Ditto at Cadiz -Ditto at Catthagena -

Ditto at Corunna -

Ditto at Naples -

Ditto at Genoa -

Ditto at Morocco -

Ditto at Tunis -Ditto at Tripoly -

Extraordinaries to Ditto Consul at Algiers -

Extraordinaries to Ditto Consul at Ostend, Newport, and Bruges Consul at Trieste -

Consul at Majorca and Ivica Consul General to America -Consul General at Grand Cairo Consul and Commissary to North America Consul at Amsterdam -Consul at North and South Carolina and Georgia - -

Consul in Massachusetts Bay, Rhodelsland, &c. '

Consul in Virginia -

FOURTH CLASS:

The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, for any Articles supplied, or Works done, for His Majesty’s Service.

Bills within the Department of the Lord Chamberlain -

Ditto - - of the Lord Steward Ditto - - of the Master of the Horse -

Ditto * - of the Master of the Robes

Bills of the Usher of the Court of Exchequer -

Ditto of the Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer ——

Ditto for Printing, &c. - -

Ditto for Stationary, &c.

Ditto for Prince Frederick, and other Princes -

Ditto for the Expences of the Duke of Clarence -

FIFTH CLASS:

The Menial Servants of His Majesty's Household.

The Lord Chamberlain’s Salary at the Exchequer -Ditto Salaries in his Department - 1 The Lord Steward’s Salary at the Exchequer ——

Ditto Salaries in his Department -Salaries in the Department of the Master of the Horse - - - 1 -

Salaries in the Department of the Master of the Robes -

The Vice Chamberlain’s Salary at the Exchequer - -

The Groom of the Stole, - Ditto Apothecary to His Majesty, Ditto Apothecary to the Household, Ditto Gentlemen of the Bedchamber, Ditto Qrooms of the Bedchamber, Ditto

V ojl. 46.

In the Year ended

5th January 1787.

5th January 1788.

5th January 1789.

th January 1790.

7M

5th January 1791.

£ s. d. £ 8. d. £ Sa d. £ 8. d. £ 8. d.

1,000 — — 1,000 — — 1,000 — — 1,000 — — 1,000 —

200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 200 —

300 — — 300 — — 300 — — 300 — — 300 — —

250 — — 250 — — 250 — — 250 — — 250 — — .

400 — 400 — — 400 — — 400 — — 400 — *

237 12 81 250 — — 250 — — 2 50 — — 250 — —

990 — — 1,180 — — 1,180 — — 1,180 — — 1,180 — —

500 — — 571 2 8 800 — 800 — — 800 — —

380 — — 380 — — 380 — — 380 — — 667 7 Hf

250 — — 250 — — 175 3 5 - - 250 — — -

600 — — 600 — — 600 600 _ — 600 — —

- - 1,797 14 6 - - 635 8 3

200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 200 — — i 200 — —

120 — — 6 6 8 222 10 6f 250 — ► — 250 — —

100 — — 200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 204 3 4

1,000 — — 1,000 — — 1,000 — — 1,000 — — 1,000

350 — — 350 — — 350 — — 350 — — 350 —

618 15 — 825 — — 825 — — 825 — — 825 — - —

- - 200 — . — 200 — — 200 — -

- - 800 — — 800 — . 800 — — 800 — —

125 — — 500 — —

200 — — 800 — —

75,266 1 11 78,286 15 3i 81,323 3 6f 86,733 11 — f 87,786 12 9

£ s. d. £ s. d. s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

41,393 12 if 36,942 5 8 36,460 17- 11 46,407 15 61 42,767 5 4i

50,548 8 4i 49,727 11 4* 50,739 — 4 54,955 9 5i 50,220 — 6

22,582 8 5 21,470 19 11 22,012 10 1 22,202 1 8 22,098 8 11

2,198 5 9i 1,942 J3 2 2,083 16 3i 2,429 <6 4 2,371 3 2

1,332 11 — 1,563 19 11 1,228 7 6 1,177 1 3 1,272 9 10

6,627 6 "to 8,057 18 8f 8,379 13 iof 8,216 18 4 8,417 3 3i

8,966 9 6f 7,250 15 iof 7,725 5 8 9,966 7 nf 6,855 1 -i

2,528 1 1,509 16 -f 1,404 14 Ai 1,704 16 9i 1,952 16 — f

3,225 7 3 3,204 1 5

' 4,210 5 —

139,402 10 Ai 1 . t 10 2 — i 130,034 5 HI 151,270 2 3i 135,954 8 2f

£ s. 1 d. £ S. d. £ s. d. £ S. d. £ 8. d.

3,000 — — 3,000 3,000 ___ 3,000 _ __ 3,000 —

23,673 5 8* 23,673 5 81 23,673 5 8 23,669 19 8f 23,673 5 8

1,540 — — 1,540 _ 1,540 — 1,512 4 3i 1,540 - —

26,421 — 5 26,506 13 9i 26,655 9 8 26,652 5 8 26,691 — 2

12,760 4 5 12,750 — 8 12,756 7 12,796 18 3 11,912 9 7

1,080 — — 1,080 — — 1,080 — 1,080 — — 1,080 — —

O O — — 600 600 T 600 600 — *

2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — 2,000 — 2,000 — —

115 — — 115 — — 115 — 115 — — 115 —

53 6 8 53 6 8 53 6 8 53 6 8 53 6 8

12,000 — — 12,000 — — 12,000 — 12,000 — — 11,968 13 9

6,500 — — 6,500 ' — — 6,500 — 6,500 — — 6,500 — —

89,742 17 2 89,818 6 10 89,973 2 7 89,979 14 n 89,133 15 10

SIXTH

GoO£ 2

A. 1791

594 18° Mail

In the Year ended

5th January 1787. 5th January 1781. 5th January 1789. 5th January 1790. X 5 th January 1791.

SIXTH CLASS: £ S» d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ So d.

The Pensions Lists - 97,978 16 7* 96,489 9 2* 94,104 9 8 i 92,647 7 6i 90,060 3 5t

Compensations to sundry Persons whose Offices have been suppressed 18,392 18 2 17,103 8 7 16,404 — 5i 15,588 5 11 15,596 13 -f

*16,371 14 9* 113,592 17 9* 110,508 10 O I — 2 108,235 13 51 105,656 16 6

SEVENTH CLASS: Salaries of all other Persons payable out of the Civil List Revenues. s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ S. d; £ So d.

Salaries in the Lord Chamberlain’s Department - . - 10,100 18 3 10,100 18 3i 10,100 18 4 10,085 18 3i 10,099 4 11

Sir John Hynd Cotton - - - 5 6 8 5 6 8 5 6 8 5 6 8 5 6 8

Vicar of the Tower - 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4

Poor of Saint Botplpb, Aldgate 7 — 7 — — 7 — — 7 — — 7 — —

Ditto of Saint John Baptist - 7 13 4 7 13 4 7 13 4 7 13 4 7 13 4

Schoolmaster of Southwell - - - 10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 10 — —

University of Oxford, for a Preacher - 10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 10 — —

University of Cambridge -Ditto - - - fora Preacher 10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 10 — —

10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 10 — —

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield - 10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 10 — — i° — —

Poor of Saint Michael, Comhill - 12 4 — 12 4 ‘ — 12 4 — 12 4 — 12 4 —

Professor of Divinity, Oxford 13 6 8 13 6 8 13 6 8 13 6 8 13 6 8

Ditto - - - - Cambridge - 13 6 8 13 6 8 13 6 8 13 6 8 13 6 8

Vicar of Litchfield - - 15 — — 15 — — 15 — — *5 — — 15 — — ~

Emanuel College, Cambridge l6 13 4 l6 13 4 16 13 4 16 J3 4 16 13 4

Poor of Saint Magnus - 21 4 8 21 4 8 21 4 8 21 4 8 21 4 8

Master of the Temple - 37 6 8 37 6 8 37 6 8 37 6 8 37 6 8

Professor of Law at Cambridge 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 - — — <

Professor of Physic at Ditto - 40 — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 1 40 —

Professor of Law at Oxford - 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — —

Professor of Physlic at Ditto - 40 . 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — —

Corporation of Dartmouth - 40 — — 40 — — 4© — — 40 — — 40 — —

Preacher at Hampton Court - 40; — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — —

Fellows of Eton College - 42 — — 42 — — 42 — — 42 — — 42 — —

Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher - 50 — — 50 — — 50 — — 50 — . — 50 —

Ministers of the $aVoy ... 60 — — 60 — — 60 — — 60 — — - . 60 — —

Ministers of the Isle of Man 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — - 100 — — .

Professor of Botany, Cambridge - 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 100 — —

Corporation of Lyme Regis - 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 100 — —

Heirs of Colonel Fairfax - 100 — — 100 — _ 100 — . 100 — — 100 — .

Ditto of Nicholas Yates - - 100 — 100 — _ 100 — 100 — . — 100

Corporation of Berwick 100 — — 100 — . — 100 — — 100 . — — . 100 —

Bishop of Chester, for Preachers 200 — — 200 — — 200 — _ 200 — — " 200 — _

Professor of Astronomy - 320 — — 320 — — 320 — — 320 — — 320 — —

Treasurer of Christ’s Hospital - 370 10 — 370 10 — 370 10 — 370 10 — 370 10 . —

Professor of History at Oxford 400 — — 400 — — 406 — . — 400 — ' — 400 — , —

Ditto - - - - at Cambridge 400 — 400 — — 400 — — . 400 — — 400 — — .

Chancellor of the Garter - 570 5 — 570 5 — 570 5 5,680 — — 570 5 — 570 5 —

One of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State 5,680 — 5,680 — — 5,680 — 5,680 — .

Another ----- - 5,680 — — 5,680 — — 5,680 — — 5,680 — — 5,680 — —

President of the Council - 4,000 — — - 4,000 — — 4,000 — . — 4,000 — — 4,000 —

Keeper of the Privy Seal £.5 a Day, and £.1,175 per Annum - - -Governor of Windsor Castle io$. a Day 3,000 3,000 3,005 — 3,000 3,000

182 10 — 182 10 — 183 — — 182 10 — 7* 10 ——

Constable of Dover Castle - 4,100 — — 4,100 . — — 4,ioo _ , 4,100 T — 4,ioo —

Masters in Chancery - 1,076 1,666 7 9 1,098 17 10 1,100 — — 1,100 — — ' 1,100 1,965 — —

Chief Justice in Eyre North of Trent 13 4 1,666 13 4 1,652 5 in 57i 6 a 5 6i

Ditto - - - - South of Trent 3,466 13 4 3,466 *3 4 3,426 16 4t 1,876 3 9i 3,466 13 4

Attorney General - - - - 81 6 8 81 6 8 81 6 8 81 6 8 81 6 8

Solicitor General - 70 — — 70 — — - 7° — — 70 — — 70 - — —

Advocate General 20 20 _ 20 — 20 _ — 20 _ _

His Majesty’s Counsel at Law- 512 19 9 522 12 540 — — 557 10 6 600 — —

King’s Prime Serjeant - 41 6 10 41 6 10 41 6 10 4» 6 10 4» 6 10

Clerks of the Council attending late Board of Trade - - - 400 400 400 — 400 _ 400

Keepers of the Council Chamber, Ditto - 73 — — 68 4 1 73 — — 73 — — 73 — —

Four Clerks of the Council - - - 1,000 - 1,000 _ 1,000 — _ 1,000 — — 1,000 —

Master of the Ceremonies, in lieu of Bills - 100 — — 100 — - — 100 — T — 100 — 100 — —

Master

595

18" M

Master of the Ceremonies, on his Allowance ——

Assistant Master -

Marshall of Ditto -

Keepers of the Council Chamber -

Genealogist of the Order of the Bath

Bath King at Arms -

Secretary to the Order of the Bath -

Register Ditto -

Gentleman Usher Ditto -

Messenger Ditto -

Garter King at Arms -

Clarencieux -

Norroy ——

.Gloucester -

Chester Herald -

York ——

Windsor ——

Somerset ——

Lancaster ——

Richmond ——

Brunswick ——

Blanc Coursier -

Portcullis Pursuivant -

Rouge Croix - -

Rouge Dragon -

Blue Mantle -

His Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms -Master General of the Ordnance -Lieutenant General of Ditto Surveyor General of Ditto -

Clerk to the Board of Ordnance -Storekeeper of -the Ordnance Clerk of the Deliveries -

Treasurer of the Ordnance -

Warden of Windsor Forest -

Keeper of the House Park at Hampton Court ——

Ranger of St. James’s and Hyde Parks -Warden of Waltham Forest -

Constable of Dean Forest -

Riding Forester in New Forest Ranger of Richmond Park -

Under Keepers of Ditto -

Out Ranger of Windsor Forest Keeper of the Records in the Tower Keeper of the Council Records Keeper of the Records at Whitehall Keeper of the Records of Forfeited Estates Keeper of His Majesty's Libraries -Housekeeper at Westminster Keeper of the Lions in the Tower -Keeper of the Tennis Courts Under Keepers of Cranborne Chuce Ranger of Salcey Forest -

Keeper of the House Park at Windsor -Clerks in the Treasury Sorter of Books, &c. in the Treasury Messengers for carrying Letters Ranger of Books in the Treasury -Keeper of the Rooms at Whitehall Housekeeper at the Treasury One of the Solicitors of the Treasury Keeper of the Records in the Tower, for Three Clerks -

Digesters of Records at Whitehall -Knight Harbinger -

Latin Secretary - .

Surveyor General of Lands -

Surveyor of Woods -One of the Auditors of the Land Revenues

Vol. 46,

In the Year ended

f 5th January 1787. 5th January 1788. 5th January 1789. 5th January,) 790. 5th January 1791.

£ 3. d. £ 3. d £ s. d £ 3. d. £ 3. d.

200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 200 —

121 >3 4 121 13 4 122 — — 121 13 4 121 13 4

100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — _ 100 — 1

91 5 — 84 17 6 9> i° — 9> 5 — 91 5 — -

100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — - 100 > — —

90 — — 90 — — 90 — — 90 — — 90 — —

9Q — — 90 — — 90 ~ — 90 — — 90 — —

90 — — 90 — — 90 — — 90 — — 90 — — .

90 " — 90 — — 90 — — 90 — - — 90 — — *

40 — 10 — — 30 — — 40, — — 40 — —

100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 100 —

40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 - —

40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — —

40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — —

26 >3 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4

26 >3 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4

26 >3 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4

26 >3 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4

26 >3 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 / 4 26 13 4

26 >3 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4

26 >3 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 >3 4 26 13 4

26 >3 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4 26 13 4

17 18 >oi 20 — — 20 — — 20 — — 20 — —

20 — — 20 — — 20 — — 20 — — 20 — ——

20 — — 20 — — 20 — — . 20 — — 20 — —

20 — — 20 — — 20 — — 20 — — 20 — —

1,003 >5 — >,003 15 — 1,006 10 — 1,003 15 — 1,003 15 —

>7.5 18 4 175 IS 4 >75 18 4 >75 18 4 175 18 4

66 13 4 66 13 4 66 13 4 66 13 4 66 13 4

36 10 — 36 10 — 35 8 — 28 8 36 10

36 10 — 36 10 — 36 12 — 36 10 36 10 —

54 *5 — 54 15 — 54 18 — 54 15 — 54 15

18 5 — 18 5 — . 18 6 — 18 5 — 18 5 — .

40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40

587 9 11 587 9 11 587 9 11 587 9 11 5 87 9 11

74 3 4 74 3 4 74 4 — 74 3 4 74 3 4

1,382 17 6 >',382 17 6 1,383 10 — 1,382 17 6 1,382 17 6

270 — — 270 — — 270 — — 270 — — 270 — —

210 — — 210 — — 210 — — 210 — — 210 — —

500 — — 300 — — 500 — — 500 — — 500 — —

109 10 — 109 10 — 109 16 — 109 10 — 109 10 —

69 — — 69 — — 69 — — 69 — — 69 — —

900 — — 900 — — 900 — — 900 — — 900 — —

500 — — 500 — — 500 — — 500 — — 500 —

500 — — 500 — — 500 — — 500 — 500 — —

160 — — 160 — — 160 — — 67 >3 10

200 — — 200 — — 198 19 4i 200 — 200 —

300 — — 300 — — 300 — — 300 — — 300 - — —

9 2 6 9 2 6 9 3 — 9 2 6 9 2 6

228 2 6 228 2 6 228 13 — 228 2 6 228 2 6

132 3 4 132 3 4 132 4 — 132 3 4 132 3 4

20 — — 20 — — 20 — — 20 — — 20 — — »

40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — —

- - - - 300 — — 600 — — 6qo — — *

2,200 — — 2,>97 10 6£ 2,119 4 7i 2,099 8 6 2,100 — — .

400 — — 400 — — 400 — — 400 — — 400 — —

250 — — 250 — — 250 — — 250 — — 250 — —

90 — — 90 — — 90 — — 90 — — 90 — —

40 — — 1 40 2 1 z 40 — — 40 — — 40 — —

80 — — 79 19 Hi 80 — — 80 — — 80 — —

200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 200 — — *

150 — — 150 — — 150 — — 150 . _ 150 ~ r-,

800 — — 800 — — 800 — — 725 — — 650 — —

>95 16 8 >95 16 8 196 6 8 >95 16 8 195 16 8

280 — 280 — — 280 — — 280 — — 280 — —

1,000 — — 1,000 — — 1,000 — — 1,000 — — 1,000 — —

100 — — 6 18 >of 99 9 — 100 — — 100 — —

100 1 100 '1 100 — p- -T 100 100 1

Another

596

18° Man,

A. 1791.

Another of the Auditors of the Land Revenues - -

Another ——

Master of the Hawks - - w -

Examiner of Plays -Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod ' Master of Mechanics -Clerk of the House of Commons -Clerk Assistant of Ditto.

Ditto additional Allowance -

Messenger of the Press -Engraver of Seals - -

Auditor of the Exchequer for Attendance in Vacation -Ditto on his Fee3 - -

Clerk of the Pells -

Ditto -

Auditors Clerk, for Extra Business Register of Loans - -

Deputy Chamberlains in the Exchequer -

Ditto - - - - for sorting Records

Ditto - - - - for said Service -

Senior Teller of the Exchequer Three other Tellers -

Auditor’s Clerk in the Tally Court '

Two Chamberlains in the Exchequer Four Messengers of the Exchequer Ditto - - - on their Termiy and Vacation Fees -

Two Grooms of the Exchequer Messenger of the Chamber -Porter of the Exchequer -

Clerks of the Exchequer on their Latin Order ——

Clerk of the Pells in the Tally Court Deputy Chamberlains, for striking Tallies Two other, for joining Ditto -Usher of the Exchequer -Cursitor Baron in the Court of Exchequer Ditto, more -Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer Clerk of the Pipe -

Comptroller of the Pipe ... Secondaries in said Office -Treasurer’s Remembrancer -Two Secondaries in said Office Second Secondary in said Office Clerks in said Office -, King’s Clerk in the Crown Office i-Clerk of Foreign Estreats in Court of Common Pleas.

Foreign Apposer in the Exchequer Clerk of the Nichills -Clerks in the Pipe Office -King’s Remembrancer - -

Clerks in said Office - -

Secondaries in said Office Clerk of the Pleas - -

Clerks in said Office -Clerk of the Foreign Estreats The Band of Gentlemen Pensioners TJsher of the Exchequer for Pay of Watchmen ——

Office Keeper of the Treasury, for Necessaries, &c. - -

Ranger of Windsor Forest, for lidding Swahimote Courts -Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring ——

Corporation of Lyme Regis, for repairing . the Pier ——

In the Year ended

r 5th January 1787. 5th January 1788. 5th January 1789.

1- Co

400 400 400

300 300 300

1,372 10 — 1,372 10 — 1,372 10 —

400 400 400

200 200 200

150 150 150

10 IO 10

200 — — 200 200

400 400 400

Co 60 60

50 50 50

200 200 200

2C0 3 4 260 3 4 260 3 4

195 8 4 195 8 4 195 8 4

172 6 8 172 6 8 172 6 8

100 100 100

50 50 50

40 40 40

900 poo poo

80 80 80

33 6 8 33 6 8 33 6 8

95 95 95

56 10 — 56 10 — 36 10 —

104 6 8 104 6 8 104 6 8

27 7 4 27 7 4 37 7 4

128 2 -2

CO O tml cn 00 CO 0 cc 75 16 8

20 20 20

35 35 35 — —

5 5 5 — —

20 20 — 20 — '

10 10 10

6 13 4 6 13 4 6134

163 6 8 163 :6 8 163 6-8

100 100 100

1.50 150 150

107 4 2 107 4 2 107 4 2

40 40 40

20 20 20

64 2 1 64 2 1 64 2 1

y 2C 13 4 9 9

2C 13 4 26 13 4

11 5- 11 5- 115 —

50 50 50

20 20 20

40 40 40 -

20 — 1 — 20 20

411 8 411 8 411 8

55 17 4 55 »7 4 55 17 4

7 >3 4 7 13 4 7 13 4

8 8 8

' , 5 5 5

1 10 — 1 10 — 1 10 —

96 13 4 96 *3 4 96 *3 4

C,oooo 6,000 6,000

438 438 439 4 —

480 I 1 O OO 480

40 40 40

200 200 200

100 — — 100 100 — —

5th January 1790. 5th January 1791.

£ d. £. S. (L

400 400

300 300

.1,372 10 — 1,372 10 —

400 400

200 200

150 150

] 0 — 10 -T-.

200 200

400 400

60 60

50 50 — —

200 200

260 3 4 195 8 4 172 6 8

100 ——

50 ——

40 ——

poo ——

80 ——

33 6 8

95 ——

.56 10 — 104 6 8

27

2 — 90 16 20 —

01

5

20

10

6 163 100 150 107

40

20

64

9

26

11 50

13

6

13

5

8

4

4

20 —

40 —

20 —

4 it

55 17

7 t3

8 -

5 -

1 10 —

96 *3 4 6,o0o ——

438 ——

480 — -

40 ——

300 ——

100 ——

260 3 4 195 8 4 172 6 8

100 ——

50 ——

40 ——

poo ——

80 ——

33 6 8

95 ——

56 10 — 104 6 8

27 7 4

90 16 8 20 ——

35 ——

5 ——

20 ——

10 — —

6 13 4 163 6 8

.100 ——

*50 ——

107 4 2

40 ——

20 ——

64 2 i

9 — —

26 13 4 115 — 50 — —

20 ——

40 ——

20 — —

4 n 8 55 17 4

7 13 4

8 — —

5 ——

1 10 —

96 13 4 6,000 ——

43« ——

480 — —

40 ——

200 ——

100 ——

Under

18° Man

59 7

In the Year ended

\ r 5th January 1787* 5th January 1788. 5th January 1789. 5th January 1790. 5th January 1791.

Under Clerks of the Council, for attend- £ *. d. £. s. d. £ d. £ d.

ing Matters of Trade - 300 300 300 300 300

Keeper of the Lords Journals, for House Rent, See. - - - 230 5 6 , 230 5 6 230 5 6 230 5 6 230 5 6

Clerk of the Hanaper, for the Expence of that Office ----- 2,000 2,000 2,000 2,000 2,000

Keeper of the Outward Gate at Windsor Castle ----- - 11 14 6 25 25 25

Secretary to the East India Commission - 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,500

Under Secretary ----- 600 600 — — 600 600 600 — —

Solicitor ----- - 600 600 600 — 1 — 600 600 — —

One Chief Clerk ----- 400 400 400 400 400: — —

One Clerk ----- - 300 300 300 300 300

Another ----- - 150 150 150 — — 150 150

Another ----- - So SO 80 80 80 — —

Another ----- - 80 80 80 80 80

Accomptant ----- 130 130 130 130 130

Office Keeper ----- 48 48 48 48 48

Necessary Woman - 48 48 .48 48 48

Three Messengers 150 150 150 150 150

One of the Clerks of the Privy Council in Ordinary ----- 250 500 500 500 500

Another ----- - 250 500 500 500 500

Additional Clerk of the Council 250 521 19 6* 500 500 500 — —

First Clerk ----- 186 17 i} 500 500 500 500

Second Clerk ----- 74 14 10 200 200 200 200

Third Clerk ----- 56 1 u 150 150 150 150

Fourth Clerk ----- 44 16 ioi 120 120 120 — — 120

Fifth Clerk ----- 37 7 5 100 100 100 100

Sixth Clerk ----- 37 7 5 100 100 100 100

Seventh Clerk - 37 7 5 100 100 100 100-

Necessary Woman - - - - 18 13 81 50 50 — — 50 50

Office Keeper - - - - 18 13 8| 50 50 — — ,50 50 — —

Three Messengers - - ' 41 16 5 150 150 150 150

82,098 10 — i 83,618 — 2 83,914 3 9i 81,405 1 84,200 6 5$

EIGHTH CLASS: The Salaries and Pensions of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer. £ s. £. s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Commissioners of the Treasury 7,773 3 ioi 8,000 8,000 8,000 8,000

First Commissioner - 4,022 4,022 4,022 4,022 4,022

Chancellor of the Exchequer - - - 1,800 1,800 1,800 1,800 1,800 — —

13,595 3 ioi 13,822 — — 13,822 13,822 13,822

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS: £ s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. d.

For Foreign Secret Service - 25,727 16 7 39,884 1 — 21,508 8 — 32,154 1 6 26,221 10 6

For Home Secret Service - 10,600 10,000 8,500 6,000 10,000

For Special Service, &c. 16,781 11 if 28,506 l6 2i 25,254 10 2 23,212 1 4 20,063 16 9

To Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons - 12,020 15,060 6,820 7,370 9,100

To Ditto, for Over Payments 3,804 14 11 2,645 7 9 3,183 4 Si 2,464 — 9i 2,850 11 5

To Ministers for their Passages Abroad - 140 220 60 20 100 -

For Law Charges - 6,000 4,000 8,000 6,000 2,000 *

To Sir Sampson Wright, for a Horse Pa-troll ----- - 2,913 19 6 2,266 8 6 2,266 8 6 3,504 16 — 3,651 10 —

For Travelling Charges, &c. to Messengers of the Exchequer - 2,558 14 6 1,261 12 — 1,092 12 — 1,857 6 9 1,638 19 3

To Ditto, on an Allowance - - - 600 — — 600 600 — — 6qo 600

To Messengers for Foreign Journies 16,000 — — 7,000 19,000 18,000 16,000

For Equipage to Foreign Ministers 1,800 2,500 2,500 2,100 5,400

For Extra Extraordinaries to Foreign Ministers ----- - 2,293 12 6 5,582 18 5 552 2 6 1,556 10 6 3,208 3 5

For Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England - - - - 1,700 1,700 1,700 1,700 800 1,700

Ditto - - - in Ireland - - - 800 800 800 — 800

For the French Protestant Clergy - 1,718 4 — 1,718 4 — 1,718 4 — 1,718 4 — 1,718 4 —

Ditto ----- - Laity v - 6,872 16 — 6,872 16 — 6,872 16 — 6,872 16 — ' 6,872 16 —

Vox.. 46, 7 N For

598

18° Mail.

A. 1791.

For the Ministers at the Hague, ind the Vaudois Churches -Lord Chamberlain, for Gate Alms and Maundy -Archbishop of York, for Charities and Professors -

For the Poor of the City of London For Rent of the Privy Seal Office -Ditto of the Secretary of State’s Office -For Ground Rent of Cumberland House -For Rent of Mote Park -Chelsea Water for supplying the Treasury Ditto - - - for Kensington For Expences in Windsor Great Park -Chief Bailiff of the Tower, for Disbursements - -

For Dinners to the Magistrates of Westminster ——

Governor of the Isle of Wight, for a Surplusage ——

Contingent Expences of the India Board -Officers of the Tally Court -To Remembrancer of the City of London, for Impost on Wines ... Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, for joining Tallies - -

Stationary and Incidents for Foreign Secretary of State’s Office -Ditto for Secretary of State’s Office for the Home Department -Officers of the House of Lords, for Services and Incidents - -

Ditto of the House of Commdns, for Ditto Presents to Foreign Ministers Contingencies of divers Natures Sir Guy Carldon, One of the Commissioners for restoring Peace in America Admiral Robert l^igby. One of the Commissioners for restoring Peace in America To Anthony Merry, Esquire, Consul at

Madrid, for illuminating his House on the Coronation of His Majesty -AlcM Davison, for Hemp Seed sent to Quebec ——

Contingent Expences of His Majesty’s Treasury -Fees and Taxes on Receipt of His Majesty’s Privy Purse - -

Incidents of the Committee of Trade and Plantations - - *- -

Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for Female Objects in Distress -

To William Milford, Esquire, to pay a Bill drawn by Consul Logie at Algiers, to satisfy a Claim made by the late Bey’s Sons ——

John Udney, Esquire, Consul at Leghorn, for Packets of Letters, &c.

Lady Dynever, Executrix of the lat

Rice, Esquire, Treasurer of the Household, to reimburse foe like Sum paid for C vil List, and afterwards repaid into foe Exchequer PerkinsMagra, Esquire, Consul at Tunis, to defray his Passage thither William WyndhamGrenville, Esquire,

Speaker of the House of Commons, for his Equipage -

Henry Addington, Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons, for his Equipage -Lord Rodney, for Fees due on his Installation ——

In the Year ended

/ 5th January 1787. 5th January 1 788. 5thJunuary 17S9. 5 th January 1790. A 5th January 1791.

£ S. d. £ s. d. £ S. d. £ s. d. C s. d.

L845 10 4 00 !< 10 4 1,815 10 4 1,815 10 4 1,815 10 4

1,119 — — 1, H9 — — 1,119 — — 1,119 — — 1,119 — —

900 — — 900 — — 900 — — 900 — — goo — — .

1,000 — — 1,000 — — - - 1,000 — — 1,000 - — — .

320 16 — 220 16 . — 220 l6 — 220 i‘6 — 220 16 —

311 15 — 429 — 6 429 — 6 429 10 — 429 10 —

316 18 6 318 18 6 316 18 6 310 18 6 316 18 6

323 16 6 323 16 6 323 l6 6 323 16 6 323 16 6

52 14 52 14 — 52 14 — 52 14 — 52 14 —

150 — — 150 — — 150 — — 150 — — 150 — —

4,256 1 9* 4,719 17 8 4,583 1 -i 4,444 17 4i 4,782 12 4*

551 9 9 306 1 — - - 641 - 2

218 8 6 218 8 6 218 8 6 218 8 6 218 13 6

339 15 6* - - 415 4 5l 4S8 12 Si 538 18 9

2,700 2 7 3,803 — 2 4,589 5 4 3,123 15 11 3,735 15 —

136 8 — 73 10 — 74 4 — 191 16 3 169 12 9

96 12 — 98 14 — 100 16 — 94 10 — 98 14 —

32 5 — 15 16 9 9 3 9

2,955 12 4 5,888 11 1 1,359 8 9 3,388 1 11 4,55i 18 11

2,425 14 lOf 2,004 10 8 1,046 — n| 3,646 l9 4-; 3,109 7 9i

485 — — 465 10 — 515 10 — 533 — — 47i 10 —

1,926 — 6 1,915 13 4 2,002 6 11 2,014 17 3 1,9*3 3 11

1,262 *9 6 47i 10 6 3,434 10 6 2,017 3 — 1,981 10 6

8,624 2 9 7,205 10 10 11,456 15 71

5,352 14 11

- - 5,520 17 6i 1

193 2 10

152 18 10

« 2,056 6 31 1,948 1 7 i

2,186 6 — i,75i 2 6

- - - - 2,114 15 6 3,882 5 10

1,232 13 6 1,232 13 6

6,762 19

317 13 6

134 2 8 218 14 —

1.000 -

1.000 — — 81 19 —

1,000 —

Lord

In the Year ended

/ 5th January 1787. 5th January 1788. 5th January 1789. 5th January 1790. \ 5th January 1791.

Lord Heathfield, for Fees due on his In- £- £. s' d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

stallation 81 5 7

Ditto, for Expences of investing him with the Order of the Bath at Gibraltar 519 12 1

JBrook Watson, Esquire, for Expences in Discovery of a new Method of cultivating Hemp ----- 282 19 6

His Royal Highness the Duke of , towards the Expence of His Household ----- - 6,000

Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay a Bill drawn by Governor O'Hara at Gibraltar ----- - - n 802 13 11

Ditto, to pay a Bill drawn by Lieutenant Governor M'Cormick, for Provisions for Convicts from Ireland, landed at Cape Breton ----- - 238 14 8*

Ditto, to pay Mr. Granville Sharpe the Demands of Mr. John , on Account of the Settlement of Sierra Leone 183 5 7

Ditto, to pay a Bill drawn by Consul Matra, towards the Expence of a Building at Tangier, &c. - - - - 1,286 16 —

Ditto,'to pay Bills drawn in The East Indies ----- - 2,512 9 6

Thomas Skelton, Clerk of the Arraigns for London and Middlesex, for drawing Bonds and Contracts for Convicts 318 8 8

Lord Charles Spencer, late Treasurer of the Chamber, to reimburse Civil List Duties, &c. ----- 139 8 —

Charles Logie, Esquire, Consul at Algiers, for Extraordinary Disbursements 485 11 6

To the Marquis of Salisbury, to be paid over to the Physicians who attended His Majesty ----- 5,000

>49.935 7 51 169,683 11 91 145,560 17 166,868 7 5* 161,135 10 7

To cancel Exchequer Bills, made forth for the Debt of the Civil List I- s. d. 12,500

Treasury Chambers,

May 18th, 1791.

George Bote.

Vo 1.. 4b.

is

An ACCOUNT of the Monies granted by the Acts ist and 17th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Use of the Civil Government, and of the Charges and Expences of the GV

same, in the Quarter ended the 5th Day of April 1791, as near as the same can be ascertained.

D\ C'.

To the Annuity of £. 800,000 granted by an Act 1 Geo. III. and of £. 100,000 by an Act 17 Geo. III. for the Quarter ended 5 April £. s. By the Charges and Expences of His Majesty’s Civil Government, in the Quarter ended 5th April 1791; viz*. £. s. d.

*79* 225,000 1st Class. — The Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family - 53,625

2d Class. — The Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; the Speaker of the House of Commons; the Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer; the Chief Justice of Chester, and Justices of the Great Session of the Principality of Wales - -- 8,232 10 —

3d Class. — The Ministers to Foreign Courts, being resident at the said CodHs - -- -- - 22,249 13 71

4th Class. — The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, for any Articles supplied, or Work done, for His Majesty’s Service ----- - 35,137 16 2*

5th Class. — The Menial Servants of His Majesty’s Household - 22,365 12 81

6th Class. — For Pensions and Compensations - - - 25,547 13 6*

7th Class. — For Salaries of all other Persons, payable out of the Civil List Revenues ----- ---- 21,055 10

8th Class. — The Salaries and Pensions of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer - 3,455 10 —

.. Occasional Payments ----- -- 42,274 7 1 > f

* The Annuity for One Quarter, due the 5th Day of April 1791, pursuant to the Acts 1st and 17th of His Majesty’s Reign 233,943 14 — 4 225,000

( Deficiency to answer the Charge ----- 8,943 14 — *

18° Mail A. 1791.

An ACCOUNT of the Charges and Expences of His Majesty’s Civil Government in ended the 5th Day of April 1791 (as near as the same can be ascertained.)

the Quarter

Civil List Accounts.

FIRST CLASS:

The Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family.

His Majesty’s Privy Purse ——

Her Majesty the Queen ——

His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales -His Royal Highness the Duke of York - -

His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence - - - - .

Princes Edward, Ernest, Augustus, and Adolphus -Her Royal Highness the Dutchess Dowager of Cumberland

15.000 ——

14,500 ——

15.000 ——

3.000 ——

3.000 ——

2,125 ——

1.000 ——

53,625 ——

SECOND CLASS:

Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal; the Speaker of the House of Commons; the Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer; the Chief Justice of Chester, and'Justices of the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales.

The Lord Chancellor -

The Speaker of the House of Commons ——

Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench ——

One of the Justices of Ditto ——

Another ——

Another ——

Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas ——

Ditto - - - - additional Salary ——

One of the Justices of the said Court ——

Another ——

Another ——

Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer ——

One of the Barons of the said Court ——

Another ——

Another ——

Chief Justice of Chester ——

Second Justice of Chester -

Chief Justice of Glamorgan, Brecon, and Radnor ——

Second Justice of Ditto -

Chief Justice of Carmarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan ——

Second Justice of Ditto - -

Chief Justice of Carnarvon, Merioneth, and Anglesea -

Second Justice of Ditto -

1,250 ——

450 ——

1,000 — - —

375 ——

375 ——

375 ——

500 ——

250 ——

375 ——

375 ——

375 ——

500 ——

375 ——

375 ——

375 ——

182 10 — 125 ——

100 ——

100 ——

100 ——

100 ——

100 ——

100 ——

_ 1 __-

8,232 10 —

THIRD CLASS:

The Salaries to Ministers to Foreign Courts, being resident at the said Courts.

FRANCE:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.

Secretary to the Embassy ——

SPAIN: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Secretary to the Embassy -Commissary to treat about Affairs of Commerce Secretary to Ditto ——

PORTUGAL:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary -

Ditto, for Extraordinaries ——

£. s. d. 2,057 2 iof 280 ——

2,057 2 10± 280 ——

45o ——

90 ——

720 -r- --

75 ——

Vol. 46.

7 O

TURIN:

V

{j

Ciyfl>Ligt

Accounts.

602 18° Man.

TURIN:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

Vice Consul

NICE:

NAPLES: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ditto, for Extraordinaries - -

FLORENCE: Envoy Extraordinary ——

Ditto, for Extraordinaries - -

VENICE: Resident ——

Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

SWISS CANTONS: Charge des Affaires at Bern - -

CONSTANTINOPLE: Ambassador -

HOLLAND: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Secretary to the Embassy -

Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

Agent at Rotterdam -Deputy Conservator at Campveere -

VIENNA: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ditto, for Extraordinaries -Secretary of Legation -

BRUSSELS:

Minister Plenipotentiary -

Ditto, for Extraordinaries - -

RUSSIA: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ditto, for Extraordinaries -Secretary of Legation ——

BERLIN: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

Secretary of Legation ——

SWEDEN:

Envoy Extraordinary at Stockholm -Ditto, for Extraordinaries - -

DENMARK: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at Copenhagen -Ditto, for Extraordinaries ——

Secretary of Legation ——

POLAND:

Minister at Warsaw -

Ditto, for Extraordinaries....

DRESDEN: Envoy Extraordinary ——

Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

HANS TOWNS: Minister -

Ditto, for Extraordinaries....

ELECTOR PALATINE: Envoy Extraordinary at Ratisbon ——

Ditto, for Extraordinaries -

A. 1791.

£. s. d.

720 -

100 :---

85 ~

720 — — 100 -

450 ——

100 ——

270 ——

100 ——

62 10 —

270 ——

2,057 2 10*

180 ——

100 ——

62 ——

30 ——

900 ——

400 ——

90 ——

450 ——

100 ——

720 ——

150 ——

90 ——

720 ——

100 — —

90 ——

450 ——

100 ——

720 ——

100 ——

90 ——

450 ——

100 ——

720 ——

100 ——

270 ——

75 ——

450 ——

75 ——

Minister

18° M

603

Minister to the Elector of Cologne

Minister to the'Landgrave of Hesse Cassel

Consul at Madrid -

Consul at Cadiz - -

Consul at Carthagena -

Consul at Corunna - - - *

Consul at Naples -

Consul at Genoa ' -

Consul General at Morocco -

Consul General at Tunis -

Consul at Tripoli

Another ——

Consul at Algiers -

Consul at Ostend, Newport, and Bruges

Consul at Amsterdam -

Consul at Trieste - -

Consul at Majorca, &c. -' ---

Consul General at Grand Cairo -

Consul General to America - -

Consul and Commissary to United States in Ditto

Consul in North and South Carolina and Georgia

Consul in Massachusetts Bay, Rhode Island, &c.

Consul in Virginia -

FOURTH CLASS:

The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, for any Articles supplied, or Work done, for His Majesty’s Service.

Bills within the Department of the Lord Chamberlain ——

Ditto ----- - of the Lord Steward - -

Ditto ----- - of the Master of the Horse ——

Ditto ----- - of the Master of the Robes ——

Ditto ----- - of the Usher of the Court of Exchequer -

Ditto ----- - of the Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer, abput

Ditto of Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for Printing ——

Ditto of Mr. Mayor, for Stationary, &c....

FIFTH CLASS:

The Menial Servants of His Majesty’s Household.

The Lord Chamberlain’s Salary at the Exchequer ——

Ditto ----- Salaries in his Department - -

The Lord Steward’s Salary at the Exchequer - -

Ditto - - - - Salaries in his Department -

Salaries in the Department of the Master of the Horse -

Ditto - in the Department of the Master of the Robes ——

The Groom of the Stole *....

The Vice Chamberlain’s Salary at the Exchequer ——

Gentlemen of the Bedchamber ——

Grooms of the Bedchamber ——

Apothecary to His Majesty ——

Apothecary to the Household ——

SIXTH CLASS:

The Pension Lists ——

Compensations to sundry Persons whose Offices have been suppressed, &c

SEVENTH CLASS:

Salaries of all other Places payable out of the Civil List Revenues.

t S. d.

345 —

125 — —

250 — —

50 — —

75 — — '

62 10 - —

100 — —

62 10 —

295 — — *

200 — —

157 10 —

157 10 —

150 — —

50 ' — —

50 — —

62 10 —

6 2 10 —

87 10 —

250 — —

20 6 5 —

200 — —

125 — —

200 — — »

22,249 13 71

£ s. d.

12,864 5 —

13,309 8 i§

4,351 1 8

577 16 8

294 9 11

2,028 12 6

950 17 10

755 4 6

35,137 16 2 i

£ s. d.

750 — —

5,918 6 5

385 — —

6,514 11 31

3,210 13 4

270 — —

500 — — *

150 — —

3,000 — — 1

1,625 — —

28 15 —

13 6 8

22,365 12 n

£ s. d.

22,216 17 4

3,330 16 2 i

25,547 13 jji

Civil List

Salaries in the Lord Chamberlain’s Department Sir John Hytid Cotton -

Vicar of the Tower -

Vol. 46.

£. . s. d. 2,5*5 4 7

l 6 8

i 13

Poor

Civil List Accounts.

18° Man.

Poor of St. Botolph, Aldgate D® - of St. John Baptist D* - of St. Michael, Comhill D° - of St. Magnus -

Schoolmaster of Southwell -University of Oxford, for a Preacher

D* - - - for a Professor of Divinity

D® - - . - - of Law -

D° - -- -- of Physic -

D° - -- --of History -

University of Cambridge, on a Perpetuity

D° ----- - for a Preacher -

D° ----- - for a Professor of Divinity

D* - - - ----- - of Law -

D® - -- of Physic

D® - -- --of Botany

D* - -- --of History

D® ----- - for Emanuel College

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield -

Vicar of Litchfield ——

Master of the Temple ——

Corporation of Dartmouth ——

Preacher at Hampton Court -

Fellows of Eton College - -

Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher - -

Ministers of the Savoy ——

Ministers of the Isle of Man -

Corporation of Lyme Regis ——

Heirs of Col. Fairfax - -

D* - of Nicholas Yates ——

Corporation of Berwick -

Bishop of Chester, for Preachers

Professor of Astronomy ——

Treasurer of Christ’s Hospital -

Chancellor of the Garter - -

One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State

Another ——

President of the Council ——

Keeper of the Privy Seal £.5 a Day, and £1,175 a Year Governor of Windsor Castle, from 2d March 1791 -Constable of Dover Castle ——

Meters in Chancery ——

Chief Justice in Eyre North of Trent -

D® - - - South of Trent - -

Attorney General - - - .

Solicitor General ——

Advocate General - -

His Majesty's Counsel at Law -

King’s Prime Serjeant - -

Clerks of the Council -

4 Clerks of the Council -

2 Keepers of the Council Chamber - -

Master of the Ceremonies, in lieu of Bills -

D® - on his Allowance -

Assistant Master, 6s. 8d. a Day -

Marshal of D® ——

Genealogist of the Order of the Bath -

Bath King at Arms ——

Secretary to the Order of the Bath -Register to D°

Gentleman Usher to D®

Messenger toD* ——

Garter King at Arms -

Clarencieux ——

Norroy ——

Glocester ——

Chester Herald ——

York. - -

Windsor - -

Somerset ——

Lancaster ——

Richmond ——

Brunswick ——

Blanc Coursier ——

Portcullis Pursuivant

A. 1791,

£ s. d.

1 15 - —

1 18 4

3 1 — >

5 6 2

2 10 — ‘

2 io —

-3 6 8

-10 — —

10 — —

100 — —

2 10 —

2 10 —

3 6 8

10 — — .

lo — —

25 — —

100 — —

4 3 4

2 10 —

3 15 —

9 6 8

10 — —

10 — —

10 10 — .

12 10

15 — —

25 — —

25 —

25 — —

25 — —

25 — —

50 —

80 — —

92 12 6

142 n 3

1,420 — —

1,420 — —

1,000 — —

743 15 —

17 — —

1,025 — —

275 — —

562 10

866 13 4

20 6 8

17 10 —

5 — —

150 — —

10 6 81

10Q — - —

250 — —

40 15

25 — —

50 — —

30 — —

25 —

25 — —

22 10 —

22 10 —

22 10 —

22 10 —

To — —

25 — —

10 —

10 — —

10 —

6 13 4

6 13 4 6 J3 4 ^13 4 6 13 4

6 13 4 13 4

a 13 4

5 — —

Rpuge

18° Maii.

€05

Rouge Croix - - _

Rouge Dragon ——

Blue Mantle ——

His Majesty’s Serjeants at Arms, io, at 5 s.6 d.a Day each -

Master General of the Ordnance - - - - _

Lieutenant General of the Ordnance -

Surveyor General of the Ordnance, 2 s.a Day - - -Clerk to the Board of Ordnance, 2 s.a Day - - _ - -

Storekeeper of the Ordnance, 3 s.a Day -

Clerk of the Deliveries, l s.a Day -

T reasurer of the Ordnance ——

Warden of Windsor Forest -

Keeper of the House Park at Hampton Court, 62 per Annum, and 8 a Day -Keeper of the House Park at Windsor -

Ranger of St. James’s and Hyde Parks, £. 1,154- l5 s- per Annum, and 12 a Day Warden of Waltham Forest ——

Constable of Dean Forest - -

Riding Forester in New Forest -

Ranger of Richmond Park, 6 s.a Day -

Under Keepers of Richmond Park ——

Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

Keeper of the Records in the Tower - - -.

Keeper of the Council Records -

Keeper of the Records of Forfeited Estates - -

Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries - -

Housekeeper at Westminster, 6 d.a Day - - - >

Keeper of the Lions in the To\ver, 12 s. 6 d.a Day - - .

Keeper of the Tennis Courts, £. 120 a Year, and 8 a Day -Under Keepers of Cranborne Chace - - -.'

Ranger of Salcey Forest - -

Keeper of the Outward Gate at Windsor Castle ——

Clerks in the Treasury (21) ——

Sorter of Books, &c. in the Treasury ——

Messengers for carrying Letters -

Ranger of Books in the Treasury ——

Keeper of the Rooms at Whitehall ——

Housekeeper at the Treasury ——

One of the Solicitors in the Treasury ——

Keeper of the Records in the Tower, for 3 Clerks ——

Digester of Records at Whitehall ——

Knight Harbinger, 20 Marks a Year, and 10 s.a Day ——

Latin Secretary

Surveyor of Lands ——

Surveyor of Woods ——

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenues ——

Another ——

Another ——

Master of the Hawks ——

Examiner of Plays . ——

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod ——

Master of Mechanics -

Clerk of the House of Commons -

Clerk Assistant of D* -

D* - - - Additional Allowance - -

Messenger of the Press Engraver of Seals -

Auditor of the Exchequer, for Attendance in Vacations D* ----- - on his Fee -

Clerk of the Pells ——

D* -

Auditor’s Clerk, for Extra Business ... Register of Loans - -

Deputy Chamberlains in the Exchequer -

D* ----- . for sorting Records

D* ----- for D°

Senior Teller of the Exchequer

Three other Tellers ——

Auditor’s Clerk in the Tally Court - -

2 Chamberlains in the Exchequer -4 Messengers of the Exchequer -Two Grooms of the Exchequer -Messenger of the Chamber -

Porter of the Exchequer - -

Clerks of the Exchequer, on their Latin Order -Clerk of the Pells in the Tally Court -

Vol. 46.

7P

K s. d.

J 5 — — ,

5 — . —

247 10 7-

43 l9 7

.16 9 13 4

9 13 10 r

4 10 — .

10 —

146 17 5 i

18 10 —

150 —

344 18 9

67 10

52 10 —

125 — — .

27 — —

*7 5 —

225 — —

125 — —

125 — —

50 —

75 — —

2 5 — -

56 5 —

33 — > —

0 10

6 5 —

525 — —

100 — —

62 10 —

22 10 —

10 — —

20 — — .

50 — —

'37 10 —

162 10 — .

48 6 8

70 — —

250 — —

25 — —

25 — —

100 — —

75 — —

343 2 6

100 — < —

50 — T

37 10 —

2 10 —

50 —

100 — —

15 — —

12 10 —

50 — —

65 — 10

48 17 1

43 1 8

25 — —

12 10 —

10 — —

225 — —

20 — . — ,

8 6 8

23 15 —

14 2 6

26 1 8

6 16 10

— 10 —

22 10 r —

5 8 15 — ~

1 5 — r

Deputy

A. 1791.

18° Mail.

Civil Xist Accounts.

Deputy Chamberlains, for striking Tallies *

Two others, for joining D°

Usher of the Exchequer ' - -

CursltOr Baron in the Court of Exchequer - - w

D° - - - mbre ——

Solickbr In the Court of Exchequer -

Clerk of the Pipe - -

Controller of the Pipe - -

Secondaries in the said Office ' -

TreaSdrePs Remembrancer ——

Secondaries in the said Office -

Second Secbndar^ in the said Office -

Clerks in the said Office - -

King’sClerk in the Crown Office - -

Clerk of Foreign Estreats in thte Court oif Common Pleas

Foreign Apposer in the Exchequer -

Clerk Of the Nichtls -

Clerks in the Pipe Office -

King’s Retnembrincer - -

Clerks in the said Office - -

Secondaries in the said Office - -

Clerk of the Pleas - -

Clerks in th'e said Office ——

Clerk of the Foreign Estfeats -

The Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -

Usher of the Exchequer, for Pay of Watchmen

Office Keeper of the Treasury, for Necessaries, &c.

Ranger of Windsor Forest, for holding Swahimote Courts -

Corporation of Ljme Regis, for repairing the Pier

Under'Clerks of the Council, for attending on Matters of Trade

Keeper Of the Lords Journals, for House Rent, &c.

Clerk Of the-Hanaper, for the Expence of that Office -

Officers Of the Eait‘India Commission - - *

OfficWs of the Privy Council in Ordinary - - - -

EIGHTH CLASS:

The Salaries and Pensions of the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Treasury

First Commissioner ——

Chancellor of the Exchequer - -.

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

For Foreign Secrit'Service ——

For Special Servfce ——

To Sheriffs, for Convictions of Felons - -

To Ministers, for their Passages Abroad - -

For Law Charges ——

To Sir Sampson Wright, for a Horse'PatrOle and armed Men to patrde die Streets FOr Travelling Charges, and Allowance to Messengers of the Exchequer To the Lord Chamberlain, for Messengers for Foreign Joumtes - -

For feqoi|iage to Foreign Ministers - -

For Extra' Extraordinanes to Foreign Ministers '

For Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England -

D# - -- in Ireland - -

For the French Protestant Clergy - -

D° ----- - Laity

Ministers of the Vaudois' Churches, et al. Archbishop of York, for Charities and Professors For Rent of the Privy Seal Office -For Ground Rent of Cumberland House Fbr Kent of Mote Park -For Chelsea Water for the Treasury

For D*

’ for Kensington

For Expences in Windsor Great Park (Estimate by Mr. OHibers of the Tally Court, for levying and joining Tallies -Contingent Expbnces of the East India Commission Lord Chamberlain, for Gate Alms, and Maundy -

K s. d.

3 2 10 —

1 13 4

40 16 8

25 — —

37 10 —

26 16 t '£

10 — —

5 — . —

16 — u

2 5 - —

6 13 4

2 16 3

12 10 — -

5 —

10 — —

5 — —

1 2 11

13 *9 4

1 18 4

2 — —

1 5 —

— 7 6

24 3 4

1,500 —

108 — —

120 — —

10 — —

25 — —

75 — —

57 11 4l

500 —

1,021 10 —

755 — —

21,055 10 — 1 X

£ *. d,

2,000 ——

1,005 to — 45o ——

3,455 10 —

6,085

6,320

i,8yo

80

2.000 1,460

689

6.000 3oo

150

425

200

429

1,718

453

225

55

79

80

13

37

1,100

12

900

579

s.

10 —

14 6

9 — 12 3

11 — 4 — 17 7

4 —

4 71 19 1

3 6 10 —

10 —

14 8

15 — For

Bank Loan Bill presented.

Committee of Sopply.

Accounts referred.

Money for Commissioners of American Loyalists.

For Rent of the Office of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs -

Stationary and Incidents for Foreign Secretary of State’s Office -

D* ----- - for Home Secretary of State’s Office - -

Contingent Expences of His Majesty’s Treasury -

Fees and Taxes on Receipt of His Majesty’s Privy Purse - -

Incidents of the Committee of Trade and Plantations . - -

To Sir Clement Catfere# Dormer, for Presents to Foreign Ministers -

To John Udney, Esquire, for receiving and forwarding Packets and Letters -

To Sir Isaac Heard, for Expences in carrying over the Ensigns, and investing the Duke of Saxe Gotha with the Order of the Garter -To the Lord Chamberlain, to be paid over to the Physicians and others who attended His Majesty during His Illness -

607

I 8. d.

100; — —

1,023 »7 8

845 9 1

805 6

435 8 6

584 16 51

546 18 —

155 9 ——

300 — —

6,190 9 6

42,274 7

Treasury Chambers,

May 18th 1791.

George Rote.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of Money issued to William Mitfordi Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to pay a Bill drawn by Consul Logie, at Algiers.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The stud Account is as followeth; viz.

Account of Money issued to pay a Bill drawn by Consul at Algiers pre-; seated.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to William Mitford, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes following; viz*.

1790.

September 17th* To pay a Bill drawn by Consul Logie, at Algiers, to satisfy a Claim made by the late Dey’s Sons, of 13,500 Chequeens advanced to Mr. Woulfe, during the Time he was intrusted with His Majesty’s Affairs there, under the Appointment of Sir Roger Curtis, Knight -To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 18th Day of May 1791.

George Rose.

I. 6,425 — 337 19

£.6,762 19 —

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tables to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Payment of the Sum of £. 500,000, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and winch have not been made Vol.46.

good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which For main-have been issued to the Representatives of Henry tainingCon. Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoaze, at mou Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to For D" on Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of conffn- the Tbumes. ing, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the-River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of send- For sending ing Provisions and sundry Articles to the Settlements Provisions, in New South Wales, and which have not been made ^c-‘°^e.w good by IParliament, be referred to the said Com- ou a es‘ mittee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which To the Board have been issued to the Commissioners appointed of Land R*. to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, venue.

Forests,

608'

18° M

A. 1791.

Money issued for regulating the shipping of Slaves.

For the Prosecution of Mr. Hastings.

To pay Bills of Exchange, &c.

To the Prince of W ales, to pay for Masons Work.

For Arrears from the Auditors Office.

For American Sufferers*

For Fees on Compensation to the Loyalists of Georgia.

For the Pur-f chase of Hemp Seed for Canada.

Money issued pursuant to Addresses.

Quebec Bifl read the Third Time.

Forests; and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and which have not been made good by Parliament,’ be referred to the said Committee.

OrderedThat the Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend, " and continue for a limited Time, several Acts of " Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying " Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of ," and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on ' the Prosecution against JVarren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Sums issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to His Royal Highness the Prince of at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to enable him to discharge a Debt for Stone Masons Work, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to John JVigglesworlh, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to pay Arrears of Contingencies due to sundry Persons from the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, to the 25th of March 1791, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to defray the Expence of Allowances to American Sufferers, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Fees due to Officers of the Exchequer, upon the Receipt of £.49,556. 17 6d.

issued as a Compensation to the Loyalists of the Province of Georgia, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Alexander' Davison, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to reimburse him the Charges attending the Purchase of 500 Casks of Hemp Seed consigned to Lord Dorchester, in Canada, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into -the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to repeal certain

Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more " effectual Provision for the Government of the Province " of Quebec, in North America," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, be, now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

That the Bill do pass.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Petition of Adam Lymbumer, Agent for the Sub- Petition scribers to the Petitions from the Province of Quebec, Jron» Mr. was presented to the House, and read; Taking No-lice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That his Con- Bill till next stituents, Inhabitants of the said Province, and who Session, are materially interested in the Provisions of the said Bill, have not had an Opportunity of knowing the Contents of the Bill, and have therefore been deprived of the Advantage of instructing their Agent so fully thereon as would have been necessary on an Affair of such great Importance; and that the Petitioner, being fully satisfied that it is the Intention of the House, in enacting the different Clauses of the Bill, to promote the Prosperity and Happiness of all His Majesty’s Subjects residing in the various Parts of that extended Province, and being, at the same Time, apprehensive that certain of the Clauses of the said Bill, particularly that for dividing the Province — for creating Hereditary Councillors — for re-enacting the Whole of the present supposed System of Laws — and for regulating the internal Commerce of the Colony — will prove extremely disagreeable to the People, and injurious to the Interests of the whole Country: Therefore praying the House to defer the passing of the said Bill into a. Law until the next Session of Parliament, that his Constituents, and the Inhabitants of the Country at large, may have an Opportunity of laying before the House their Objections against the said Bill, and such other Information as they may think necessary for arranging a proper Constitution for that distressed Province.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put*

That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Mom*

ing;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Quebec Bill be, An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed Pas8ed* in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more effectual Provision " for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in " North America," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the several Accounts which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, of the Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 10th Day of this Instant May, was made from the Select Committee,' to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to

the

Committee of Ways and Means.

Accounts of Customs, Excise, Ac. — and Report of Public Income and Expenditure, referred.

-4*:.

former’s Kfrtute Bill

Itrad.

Committee on Italian Silk ('rapes, 4c. BdL

Ships Mooring Bill deferred.

31 Geo. III. 18° — 19° Man.

609

the House what ha9 !>cen the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future, and also what Alteration has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the r,th Day of January 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Unhurt took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker roumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hulun reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ilcnry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have I^eave to sit asiain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingro.-sed Pill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to grant Leases of Part of the Estates of Susanna Ann Dormer and

7'rcJ/ry Dormer, Infants, and to invest the Monies arising front the Leases to be granted on Fines in the Purchase of Real Estates to be settled to the subsisting LTses of the Estates so to be leased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Pill to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, unless brought directly from thence, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 19* die Mail;

Anno 31* Georgii III. J Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and The Lords

Mr. Ord: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Game Cer-for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on tificates Certificates, issued with respect to the killing of Game; I)utjr without any Amendment: And also,

The I/Ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Swindon and Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Caine Roads the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of Bl Christian Malford Bridge, and from Caine to Lyncham Green, and from the Direction Post in Long Leaze Lane, near Lydiard Marsh,to Cricklade, in the county of f Lilts;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Th« Lords for vesting Part of the Estates late of Sir Charles She/- have passed field, Baronet, deceased, and devised by his Will in sir Charles strict Settlement, in Trustees to be sold, and for lay- Sheffield’s ing out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the ^state Purchase of other Estates more contiguous to the Bulk of the Family Estate of the said Sir Charles Sheffield, in the County of Lincoln, to lie settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew’.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom st. Alban the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge »od South the Powers, of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban,

Saint Peter, Stanley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex,was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wdth the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tl ie other Order of the Day being read; Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Worksop and

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Debdale IliU the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent other an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Ileign of His Ships than those laden with Tobacco from M- oring present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road re ’ and discharging their Lading at the Places appointed from to the Turnpike Road at and

by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing South Muskham, in the County of Nottingham, was comthe Duties on Tobacco and Snuftj and for granting mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alnew Duties in Lieu thereof," was committed, be legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; received Tomorrow Morning. and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow directed him to report to the House; and he read the Morning, Ten of the Clock. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ord That the Bill, with the Amendments, be.

ingrossed.

Yol. 4ft. 7 Q A Petition

Petition for additional Provision to Birmingham Bridge Bill.

Abstracts of Bombay Accounts presented.

Accounts relative to <the Importation of Negroes from Africa, Ac. presented.

610 19" Mail A. 1791.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Birmingham, in the County of Warwick,was presented House.

to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other amend and render effectual an Act, of the Twenty* Papers of this Session,

eighth Year of His present Majesty, for re-building

the Bridge over the River Rea at the Town of Bir~ Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, pursuant Account* mingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, Hem* "*0-1

Avenues thereto, and for widening and varying the An Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and certified to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s seated, making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to pre- Treasury, to be raised in that Part of Great Britain vent the lower Part of the said Town from being called England, and of the Monies directed to be issued Overflowed; and Setting forth, That Part of a certain to the Order of the Quarter Sessions of the different Street in the said Town leading to the said Bridge, Counties therein mentioned, between the 9th of May called Digbeth Street, is very narrow and incommo- 1790 and the 9th of May 1791: And also, dious for Carriages and Travellers, and, in order to A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Sums allowed by render he same of a proper and sufficient Width, it " the Justices of the Peace for the within mentioned will be necessary to take down certain old Houses and " Counties to the several Clerks of the Peace, for other Buildings of small Value on the South Side " Business done under the Act for encouraging the thereof, but the Provisions contained in the said Act " Growth of Hemp and Flax, and paid by Order of are not sufficient for effecting the same: And therefore " the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Trea-praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill " sury, between the 9th of May 1790 and the 9th of to enable the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said " May 1791."

Act, to apply any Surplus that may remain of the in- And the Titles of the said Account and Paper tended Tolls in widening such Part of the said Street were read.

as aforesaid. Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- House.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst

shall appear to them, to the House: the other Papers of this Session.

And it is referred to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Sir Robert Lawley, &c.: And they are to Ord, That the Committee to whom the Bill Committee meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, °n Maidstooe the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other BUl'revivei. Persons, Papers, and Records. Public Passages and Places, within the King’s Town

of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for removing The-House being informed that Mr. Morton, from and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nui-the Directors of the East India Company, attended at sances, and Annoyances therein, for better supplying the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented the said Town with Water, and for repairing the to the House, pursuant to their Order, _ Highways within the Parish of was committed,

N* 50. Abstracts of such Accounts of the Receipts be revived, and Disbursements of the Presidency of Bombay as

have been received from thence since the Accounts Mr. presented to the House, according to Order, Ale-house* already before the House were presented. a Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the keepers, &c.

And then he withdrew. Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign

And the Title of the said Abstracts was read. of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates

Ordered, That the said Abstracts do lie upon the to the Licensing of Ale-housekeepers and Victuallers,

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. and for better regulating Ale-houses and the Manner of Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Abstracts be printed, as shall be sufficient for he Use of Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their the Members of the House. Houses: And the same was received; and read the

The said Abstracts are preserved amongst the other First Time.

Papers of this Session. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Mr. Charles Long, according to Order, reported Ships Moor-

Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in, and, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom >ng Bill

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their the Bill to prevent other Ships than those laden rePortc<,‘

Order, with Tobacco from Mooring and discharging the ir

Copies of the several Accounts transmitted from the leading at the Places appointed by an Act, made Officers of the Customs in the British West India Islands, in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present or elsewhere, as far as relate to the Importation of Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties Negroes from the Coast of Africa to the said Islands, " on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties or other His Majesty’s Colonies, together with an " in Lieu thereof," was committed, the Amendments Account of the Certificates, from the said Officers, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which delivered by the Masters and Surgeons of Ships they had directed him to report to the House; and

employed in that Trade, and of the Bounties paid by he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards them to such Masters and Surgeons in consequence delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the thereof, and in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

Session of the last Parliament, intituled, "An Act to read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

" amend and continue, for a limited Time, several One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

" Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and were agreed to by the House.

" carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to

H Africa. prohibit damaged or mean Tobacco from being ex-

And then he withdrew. ported.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. And the said Clause was Twice read, with

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon Blanks.

2 And

31 Geo. III.

And it being proposed by the said Clause to discontinue the Allowances now made to the Importers of damaged or mean Tobacco;

Resolved, That the said Clause lie committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S|>eaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when tire House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. llenry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Twice tend; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and the said Clause was added, by the House, to the Rill.

Ordered, That the Rill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

cV«|,fct|i Lord Il'iUiamRussell reported from the Committee,

PuMii.- &c *° M 'iuin die Rdl for paving, cleansing, lighting, bill reported, w atching, widening, regulating, and improving, a certain Street called The Cpper Street, in the

Puii.-h of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and certain other Streets, Lancs, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Cncroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for shutting up Part of an Alley or Passage leading from Bull Alley to , was com-

muted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Hill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; ami then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

It,port from Mr. Maim -aringreported from the Committee, who

Committre were appointed to enquire into the Maouer in which

oothe Ex*- n ^ct unule in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign cution of the ’ °

611

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, namsgate " An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour Harbour Act. " of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and^pre-

" serving the Haven of Sandwich," has been carried into Execution, what Rates and Duties have been imposed, and what Sums of Money have been collected by virtue thereof, and to what* Purposes such Money has been applied; and to report the same, with their Observations thereupon, to the House; and to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of the Port of London; and also, the Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of the Port of Scarborough; and also, the Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of the Port of Hull; and also, the Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of Sunderland, in the County of Durham; and also, the Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of the City and Port of Bristol; and also, the Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of the Town and Port of; and also,

the Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of Whitby, were severally referred; and who were instructed to take into Consideration an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge certain Powers granted " by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the " Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act " for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving " the Haven of SandwichThat the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to report the same, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It appeared to your Committee, That the Trustees acting in the Execution of the Act of the Twenty-second of his late Majesty King George the Second, have erected the Piers, Docks, and other Works described in the Plan annexed to the Report; and did, in the Year 1749, impose the following Rates or Duties; viz. 3 d.per Ton on Vessels from 20 to 300 Tous — id. per Ton on Vessels of upwards of 300 Tons — and lid. for every Chaldron of Coals and Ton of Stone; which Rates or Duties continued till the Year 1768: And in the Year 1768 the Trustees im-

Ssed, in lieu of the former, the following Rates or uties; viz. 3id^per Ton on Vessels from 20 to 300 Ions — lid. per Ton on Vessels above 300 Tons — and \\d. for every Ton of Stone and Chaldron of Coals; which last mentioned Rates or Duties continued for One Year: And in the Year 1769 the Trustees imposed, in lieu of the former, the following Rates or Duties; viz. 6 d. per Ton on Vessels from 20 to 300 Tons — 2 d. per Ton on Vessels above 300 Tons — and 3 d.for every Chaldron of Coals and Ton of Stone; which last mentioned Rates or Duties continued without Variation from that Time hitherto; and by Means of the said Rates or Duties there hath been collected,

19® Mail.

d. £ s. d.

To Midsummer 179° ----- - 371,882 8 3£

Deduct for Allowance to Collectors, the Sum of - 23,022 10 — J

D* for Losses by bad Debts - 433 7 9$

23,455 17 10*

348,426 10 5 87.521 5 4

12,992 8 5 Carried forward - - £. 448,940 4 2

\ ol. 40. , Brought

9

The Trustees have raised and received by Sale of Annuities -The Trustees have received by Rents of Estates vested in them, and for Dividends of Fuuds purchased out of the Produce of the Collection, up to 1790, now standing in the Names of the Trustees after named, the Sum of ——

Report

respecting

Ramsgate

Harbour.

1V Man. A. 1791.

s.

Brought forward - £. 448,940 42

The Trustees, out of the Monies collected and raised as aforesaid, have expended the following Sums of Money to Midsummer 1790: viz.

£. d.

In Works at the Harbour, the Sum of ... 219,700 — 6

' In Payments to Sandwich Haven, Annuities, Salaries and Gratuities to Officers, and Contingent Expences, the Sum of - - - - - - - 153,007 18 3

In the Purchase of Public Funds, the Sum of 37,378 10 —

Making together the Sum of - - - - -410,086 8 9

Which leaves a Balance of - - - - . - 38,853 15 5

Of which Balance there is in the Hands of the Trea- £. s. d. surers the Sum of - - - 33,034 14 10

There is now standing in the Names of Alexander Auberty Esquire, and Arnold Aiello, Esquire, Joint Treasurers of the said Trust, the following Public Funds, purchased with the Monies raised and collected as aforesaid; that is to say, £ 5 d

Bank 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities 40,000 ——

Bank per Cent. Annuities - - 10,000 ——

The Trustees are possessed of a Lease of a Dwelling House, and other Buildings, in Austin Friars, London, used for the Purpose of carrying on the Business relating to the Harbour, which Lease was granted by Richard Henry Clarke, and others, to the said Arnold Aiello, and others of the Trust, for the Term of 60 Years from Lady Day 1788, at the clear Yearly Rent of £.60; upon which Premisses the Trustees have expended in Repairs thereof, in the Years 1788 and 1789, the Sum of £. 3,50b and upwards.

The Trustees have purchased Freehold Property at Ramsgate, Part whereof is let off, and the Annual Rents amount to £. 37. 5 s.clear.

It also appeared to your Committee, That the Accounts of the Treasurers of the said Trust have been audited and passed by the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, in pursuance of the said Acts, from the Commencement thereof to the 24th Day of June 1787; but from that Time the Accounts of the Treasurers have not been passed by the said Mayor and Aldermen, although presented to them for that Purpose, they, the said Mayor and Aldermen considering

that large Sums of Money had been expended contrary to the Spirit and Intent of the said Acts of Parliament, as appears by the Report of the Committee of the said Mayor and Aldermen, dated 12th April last, appointed to audit and examine the said Accounts.

It also appeared to your Committee, That the Annuities payable to the now surviving Annuitants amount, in the Whole, to the Sum of £.1,093. 2 6d.

Annually, as appears in the Appendix, N* 1.; and that the Sums Annually paid in Salaries and Gratuities to Officers, do amount, in the Whole, to the Sum of £.1,155: Which Salaries and Gratuities, together with the Employments of Officers, appear in the Appendix, N° 2.

It further appeared to your Committee, That the Revenue has exceeded the Expenditure very considerably, and that it is an unnecessary Burthen on the Public to raise so great a Sum, however useful the said Harbour has proved; and there being the said Balance of £.33,034. 145. 10 in the Treasurer’s Hands in June 1790, and the Income arising from the Money invested in the Public Funds being more than sufficient to keep down the growing Payments of the Annuities (the Whole whereof, from the advanced Age of the Annuitants, may be expected to end in a few Years) your Committee observe, that the present Acts are defective in Powers as to the Appropriation of the funded Property, the internal Government and Regulation of the Harbour, and in other Particulars.

APPENDIX.

31 Geo. Ill

19° Man

613

APPENDIX.

Report

respecting

Ramsgate

Harbour.

Appendix, N° l.

April ifitn, 1791- A List of ANNUITANTS supposed to be now living.

When purchased.

17 V’-2lst December.

1754-20th December.

177.7-2Gib September.

17.'»S.

22d December.

N"

2.

3-

75-

70.

A fan/ Furrier, Topsham, Devon Susanna Marshall, Paradise Street

John Crcllds, Southampton Row

George Russell, Uotherhithc -

1779.

21st December.

1760.

26th September. 1701

Si. Charlotte Cranuell, at Rodbard’s, Grove Lane,

Camberwell - - - 32

85. Richard Lloyd, Gray’s Inn - - - 48

80. Jean Angelique Bertrand, at Mr. Berwick Street - - - 51

95. Bath'lie Maria de Brusse, at Mr. Jackson's,

Holland Street - - - - 44

101. Anna Maria More, Loft House, York - 51

102. Henry Bingtey, Yorkshire - - - 48

1,032 5 2 1,050 ——

115. Sarah Pointing, St. Thomas’s Hospital - 35 200 ——

8th May. 1 120. Frances Beugham, Half Moon Street, Picca-

24th September.

17 G.b

15th December.

17G4.

20th December.

170.').

19th December.

17 Go.

iSth September.

17G7. iSth June.

241I1 September. 17th December.

1768.

lGth June. 2 2d September.

dilly

127. D* - - - D#

141. Mary Tindall, Chelmsford, Essex -14S. Marg* Parr, Hertfordshire -

loo-

Marg' Hardwick, W estham, Essex -

158. D° - - - D°

1G0. Lucy Tnulall, Oxford -

ifil. Elizrh I dny, Gloster Row, Queen Square

103. Eliz’t Tindall, Devonshire

165. Sarah Smith, Mortlakc, Surrey 169. Henry Suuthby, Bath -171. Mary Lucas, Greenwich

45

45

54

46

54

54

42

55 40

55

53

48

173. Mary Homage, Sherborne, Dorsetshire - 34

175. John Beasley, Chiswell Street - - 45

177. Mary Macartney, Puddle Dock Hill - 28

179. Ann Siddall, Richmond, Surrey - "48

185. Mary Ring rose, Essex - - - - 38

1 St). Hanb Mary Bomiin, Greenwich - - 48

189. Robert IVaimeright, Looton, Bedfordshire 45

190. Francis Pynyott, Chapel Street, Soho - 37

195. Elizabeth Forster, Plympton, Devon - 41

196. Ann Foster, D* - - - - "39

200. Mary Ringrose, Essex - - "39

203. Susanna Marshall, Rotherhithe - - 63

500 ——

400 ——

260 ——

666 13. 4

200 ——

200 — —

300 ——

400 ——

300 ——

600 ——

575 ——

250 ——

100 ——

500 ——

100 ——

1,000 ——

200 ——

350 ——

500 ——

700 ——

150 ——

150 ——

100 ——

500 ——

14 ——

37 10 —

30 ——

20 ——

50 ——

15 ——

15 ——

20 ——

30 ——

20 ——

45 ——

40 5 — 17 10 — 65 — 37 10 — 65 — 72 10 —

14 ——

25 7 6

35 ——

45 10 —

10 ——

10 ——

8 ——

42 10 —

1.093

Vol. 46.

7 R

614

19° Mail.

A. 1791.

Ramsgate Harbour Bill ordered.

Report

Supply.

To enable the Prince of Wales to discharge a Debt for Stone Masons Work.

Appendix, N°

OFFICERS employed under the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour.

William Evans, Secretary ——

Thomas Evans, Clerk ——

Allowance to Housekeeper, for which, she is to find Servants, and all other necessary Articles John Smeaton, Engineer ——

Samuel Patman, Storekeeper ——

Henry Cull, Mason ——

George Strivens, Harbour Master ——

Stephen Heritage, Agent at Ramsgate ——

Christian Nation, Messenger ——

Allowance to Edmund Hurst, late Mason .- -

D° - - William Curling, late Harbour Master ——

Total per Ann.

£ d.

35° ——

150 ——

50 ——

250 ——

100 ——

100 ——

25 ——

20 —

40 ——

40 ——

30 ——

1,155 ——

Mr. Mainwaring also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and extend the Powers of Two Acts, the one made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and maintaining the " Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, " and preserving the Haven of Sandwich," and the other made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge certain " Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twentysecond Year of the Reign of King George the Second, " intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the " Harbour of Rdmsgate, and for cleansing, amending,

and preserving the Haven of Sandwich."

And Mr. Mainwaring moved the House accordingly-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and extend the Powers of Two Acts, the one made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour " of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich," and the other made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge certain Powers " granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second " Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the " Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, " and preserving the Haven of And that

Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Alderman Curtis, and Mr. Alderman Watson, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to discharge a Debt for Stone Masons Work, which was omitted to be inserted in the Statement of His Royal Highness’s Debts, incurred previous to the aist Day of May 17S7.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, American That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-one thousand Sufferers. Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion’of this Committee, For Fee* on That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two hun- Compensa-dred and Seventy-one Pounds and Seventeen Shillings, 1Hsu of

be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Georgia. Sum issued to Thomas- Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to pay the Fees due to the Officers of the Exchequer, upon the Receipt of the Sum of Forty-nine thousand Five hundred and Fifty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, issued as a Compensation to the several Persons who were Proprietors of Lands in the late Province of Georgia, which, by virtue of the Treaty of Peace, were ceded to the United States of America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°to pay That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and Se- Bills of Ex-venty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence chau6e»&c* Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Thomas Cottpn,

Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For the Pur-That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Sixty-six chase of Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted ^Canada to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, issued to Alexander Davison, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to reimburse him the Charges attending the Purchase of Five hundred Casks of Hemp Seed, consigned to Lord Dorchester, for the Use of His Majesty’s Subjects in Canada.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For Arrears That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two hun- due from the dred and Thirty-seven Pounds Four Shillings and One Auditors J Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the office-like Sum, issued to John Wigglesworth, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to pay Arrears of Contingencies due to sundry Persons, from the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, to the 25th Day of March 1791. x ‘

SIS3&-V.

31 Geo. III.

19° Mail

615

Mi. li.ii-

F.ir wilding Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, I’rovMons, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand Six bnuji tVules. hundred and Thirteen Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, Xo make good the like Sum, which has been issued for defraying the Expence of sending Provisions and sundry Articles to the Settlements in Sew South Wales.

«nUie"nViCtS Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ’Hume*. That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-one thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence, he granted to IJis Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of rontining, maintaining, and employing Convicts, on the River Thames.

Ij.r I)? at Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, huiuuiii. That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Eight hundred Forty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence, l*e granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to the Representatives of Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining und guarding Convicts in ttie Harbour of at Rh/nm/ith

AiMit* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Money. That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-seven thousand Nine hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and 'l'en Pence, be granted to llis Majesty. to make good the like Sum, which has l>cen issued by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Fxpriifps of Resolved, That it is the Opinioi of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen tnonsand One sccuuun. hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued in coi.M-quence of tile Ex|x-nces incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against //Hrven Hastings, Esquire.

For rpgtil.it- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, int> the ship. That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, he M yt- to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum,

which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts uof Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying " Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of ."

Board nf Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Land Iteve- That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be ut‘ granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum,

which has been issued to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown.

For Ameri- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, can loyalists. That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Six hundred Pounds, be granted to llis Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists.

Arwurof Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, S il irv oi That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand and Figli-

venuir of°‘ teen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Tw o Pence, be North Caro- granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Representation. tives of Gabriel Johnston, formerly Governor of North

Carolina, being an Arrear of Salary due to him as Governor of that Province.

Commission- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ers \i.tAme- That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand "y* Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His

ncan

alists.

Majesty to make Compensation to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and the Clerks and Officers employed by them; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Fee or other Deduction whatsoever.

Commission- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, I?nlaSuf a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand One hun-

fereis. dred Pounds, be granted to Mis Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Compensation to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Rights of such Persons V o l. 46.

as have suffered in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and the Clerks and Officers employed by them; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Fee or other Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report Ways from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it and Means* was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Money out

That, towards making good the Supply granted to consolidated His Majesty, there be issued and applied the further j-un(i.

Sum of Two Millions Three hundred and Seventy-five thousand Pounds, out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Fund, culled The Console dated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lottery. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Fight hundred and Six thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds be raised by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Fifty thousand Tickets, at Sixteen Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 20th Day of this Instant My, make a Deposit; with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of One Pound Two Shillings and Six Pence, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say: For and in respect of every such Ticket, Two Pounds on or before the 1st Day of Ju/t,/next; Two Pounds on or before the 5th Day of August next; Two Pounds on or before the lClh Day of September next; Three Pounds on or before the 21st Day of October next; Two Pounds on or before

the qth Day of December next; and, Four Pounds on or before the 13th Day of January 1792; and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments: That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery; which lYizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year 1791, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors upon Demand, on or at any Time after the 28th Day of June 1792, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; and that every Contributor to the said Lottery, who shall pay any of the Suras to be respectively paid by Installments, as hereinbefore mentioned, before the Periods respectively fixed for the same, shall he allowed an Interest by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Sums so respectively paid in, to be computed, from the Day of paying the same respectively, to the Periods at which the same would be paid according to the respective Installments hereinbefore mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequsr

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Bills, jesty, the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the

next


I 9° Mali.

A. 1791.

Exchequer Bills.

Hemp and Flax Bounty Money.

Former Resolutions of Ways and Means read, and Instruction accordingly.

next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1792, to be exchanged, and received in Payment in such Manner qs Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged, and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of Two Millions be raised by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1792, to be exchanged, and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged, and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Ten thousand One hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Four Shillings, remaining in the Exchequer of the Money set apart for the Payment of Bounties on Hemp and Flax in England.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Lord Bay kata, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

t

The House was moved, That the Second of the Resolutions which, upon the 16th Day of December last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be re^d.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum " of One Million Three hundred thousand Pounds, " out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of " the Consolidated Fund, from and after the 5th Day " of April 1791."

The House was also moved, That the First of the Resolutions which, upon the 18 th Day of last, were

reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

"Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply 4‘ granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied " the Sum of Three hundred and Three thousand Two " hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Nine Shillings " and One Half-penny, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1791, of the Surplus of the " Consolidated Fund, subject to the Disposition of " Parliament."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for-raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now read.

Italian Silk

BmP«ported* fr°ra ^e Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported

Bill to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, unless brought directly from thence, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Keels, 5rc. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ile-adlliea* Bill to prevent Keels, Pan Keels and Pan Boats, and committed*" other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the Bill reported. Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed, was recommitted, the Amentiments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s -Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, accord- Bill relating ing to Order, a Bill for establishing and confirming to the Gover-a certain Resolution or Order of the Governor General ^rp0^tnera in Council of Fort William in Bengal, and all Acts done william in by virtue thereof, and for granting further Powers to Bengal pre-the said Governor General during his Residence on the senled* Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Newfound-establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland, for a Time to be limited; And that ordered.

Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac- Ditto Bill cording to Order, a Bill for establishing a Court of presented. Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill to amend Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the COuragement " Encouragement of Seamen employed in the RoyaJ of Seamen,

" Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the ordered.

" punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of their " Wages; and for enabling them more easily and " readily to remit the same for the Support of their " Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds " and Abuses attending such Payments," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing

Frauds

Bill for preventing Frauds in Payment of Seamen’s Wages, &c. ordered.

Bank Loan Bill committed.

31 Geo. III. 19° Mail

617

" Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, " Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the " Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any " of His Majesty’s Ships," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal " Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for " the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of " their Wages; and for enabling them more easily " and readily to remit the same for the Support of " their Wives and Families, and for preventing " Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments;" and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships: And that Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Henry Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further preventing " Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of " Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due " for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on " Board any of His Majesty’s Ships," and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, serving, or who may have served, on board any of His Majesty’s Ships: And that Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Henry , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for exextending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty tending cer-. Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of pe[\Aoffi-° Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have cers, &c. served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships, and re- residing in siding in Ireland: And that Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Ir*.lan‘*’ Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, or ere *

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Henry Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider on granting of enabling His Majesty to grant, during Pleasure, to ^"^h1’owant® the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office, a Yearly officers of Allowance out of the Duties of Excise. the late Wine

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said ^ence Committee. office‘

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Account Command, respecting

An Account of Monies necessary to discharge the Annuity granted to His late Royal Highness Henry 0fCumber-Frederick Duke of Cumberland, out of the Consolidated laiyi, pre-Fund, from the Time it was last paid to the Day of His seoted. Royal Highness’s Death.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Monies necessary to discharge the Annuity granted to His late Royal Highness Hairy Frederick Duke of Cumberland, out of the Consolidated Fund, from the Time it was last paid to the Day of His Royal Highness’s Death.

For Seventy-five Days, from the 5th Day of July 179®’ to and for the 18th of September following, on £. 8,000 per Annum -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

19th May 1791. George Rose.

£ s. d. 1,546 7 10

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resofve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Payment of the Sum of £ 500,000, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vgl. 46.

A Bill to continue the several Laws therein men- Second Ex-tioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the Strength P‘r*ng of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, was read a Second n,ittedra* Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

7 S The

\V«st India Trade, and Jamaica, &c. Free Port Bill deferred,

Bill for raising a Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills, &c. deferred.

The Lords have agreed to

Ouse Navigation Bill.

Holy Island

Inclosure Bill.

Heanor and Codnor Inclosure Bill.

Gedney Tn-closure Bill.

The Lords have passed

Cecil's

Divorce Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies; and also an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of Nrew Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Public Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty’s Forces in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die

Anno 310 Georgii III*" Regis 1791.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, between Nezvliaven Bridge and Levies Bridge, in the County of Sussex; and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, i» the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain large Open Tract of Land within the Manor of Holy Island, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon the ancient In-field Lands within the said Island; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Heanor and Codnor, in the Parish of Heanor, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of H Cecil, Esquire, with Emma Vernon, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Fane's Name enable Henry Hopkins Fane, Esquire, and Katherine his hill.

Wife, and the Iieirs Male of the Body of tl e said Katherine, to take the Surname of Cholmley only, and to bear the Arms of the Family of the Cholmleys of Whitby and Wentworth of Howsham, pursuant to the Will of Nathaniel Cholmley, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sparrow's, effectuating and establishing an Exchange agreed upon Estate between the Trustees of Wilde's Charity and Robert Sparrow, Esquire, and Mary Bence, Spinster, of certain Estates, in the County of Suffolk; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Harmood, from Account of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Sums due Forces, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, *

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their serving in Order, India, pre-

An Account of the Sums due from the East India sented* Company to the Paymaster of His Majesty’s Forces, for King’s Troops serving in Itidia, for the last Five Years, according to the latest Advices.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Tittensor of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Roads Dill . His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing Passedinto One Act of Parliament the several Laws now " in Force for repairing the Road leading from the " Town or Village of Tittensor to the most Northern " Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County " of Stafford; and for repairing the Road from Darlastone Bridge, over Tittensor Heath, through the " Town or Village of Tittensor aforesaid;" and for making and keeping in Repair a Road branching out of the said Turnpike Road, near the House, known by the Sign of The Black Lion, to or nearly to Shelton Wharf, all in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing " into One Act of Parliament the several Laws now " in Force for repairing the Road leading from the " Town or Village of Tittensor, to the most Northern " Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County " of Stafford; and for repairing the Road from Darlastone Bridge, over Tittensor Heath, through the Town " or Village of Tittensor aforesaid," and for making and keeping in Repair a Road blanching out of the said Turnpike Road near the House known by the Sign of The Black Lion, to or nearly to Shelton Wharf, all in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Bowes Road Powers of Two Acts, of the Sixteenth Year of King Bill pasted. George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the 9 County

Cecil’* Divorce Bill Tead.

Norfolk Woolcomb-ers Bill committed.

Committee to sit on Tuesday.

Petition for additional Provision to Birmingham Bridge Bill reported.

31 Geo. III. 200 Mail 619

County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the varying the Course of the said River, near the said County of Westmorland, and for repairing and widening Bridge, and making a Weir and other necessary Works, the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works at Overflowed, is committed, That they have Power to Taylor liigg, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts, and make Provision in the said Bill, for widening the also the Road from Barrow's Brow to A Piddle Fell narrow Part of the Street leading to the said Bridge,

Dyke Nook, in the said Counties, and also from Tan called Street.

Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks, and Punchatt

Pasture West Gate, to Whaxv Lane Head, and by Lilly. An ingrossed Bill to continue Two Acts, made in the Kirkcaldy Jocks to Reeth, was read the Third Time. Fifteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his Two Pennie.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made Jate Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty Scots BlU

to the Bill; vis. of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny pa8S* '

Pr. 17. 1. 9, To leave out from " notwithstanding" Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which

to the End of Line 30. shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold,

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question within the Town of and Liberties thereof,

put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was read the Third lime.

was amended at the Table accordingly. ResolThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue Two Acts, made in the Fif-be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of teenth and Thirty-first \ ears of the Reign of his late Two Acts, of the Sixteenth Year of King George the Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, ^uo Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or Westmorland, and for repairing and widening the Road so^> within the Town of Kirkcaldy, and Liberties from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and other Roads thereof.

therein mentioned in the said Counties. Ordered, That Mr. Charles Hope do carry the Bill to

Ordered, That Sir MichaelZe Fleming do carry the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom i^ngton

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Inclosure Bill An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, sported, to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Cecil, Esquire, with Lot Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Emma Vernon, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry Grounds, in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets of West again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was Langton, East Langton, Thoipe Langton, and Tur read the First Time. Langton, in the County of Leicester, was committed;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. That the Committee had examined, and found that the

Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April A Bill more effectually to prevent Abuses and Frauds 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures with; and that the Committee had examined the Alle-of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, in the County of gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Norfolk and City of Norwich, and County of the said that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to City, was read a Second Time. the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry the Proprietors of 7i Yard Lands, who refused to sign Hobart, Mr. Pochin, 8cc.: And they are to meet this the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 6 i Yard Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Lands, who declared themselves neuter; and that the Chamber. whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to Inclosure consists of 153 Yard Lands; and that no sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Tuesday Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Morning next Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported they had directed him to report to the House; and he from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham,in the County the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: of Warwick, was referred; That the Committee had Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the directed him to report the same, as it apppeared to Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by them, to the House; and he read the Report in his the House.

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; ingrossed.

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Mr. Thomas Wyndham reported from the Commit- gwansea William Smith being examined, said, That Part of a tee, to whom the Bill for repairing, enlarging, and Harbour Bill certain Street in the said Town, leading to Deritend preserving the Harbour oi Swansea, in the County of reported. Bridge, called Digbeth Street, is very narrow and in- Glamorgan, was committed; That the Committee had commodious for Carriages and Travellers; and that examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the in order to render the same of a proper and sufficient same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Width, it will be necessary to take down certain old through the Bill, and made several Amendments Houses and other Buildings of small Value on the thereunto, which they had directed him to report to South Side thereof. the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-to whom the Bill to amend and render effectual an Act ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, ments were Once read throughout; and then a Se-for re-building the Bridge over the River Rea, at the cond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Town of Birmingham, called Doit end Bridge, and severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the widening the Avenues thereto, apd fof widening and House.

Vol. 46. A Clause

v

Sunderland Poor Bill committed.

Lincoln Paving Bill committed.

Sir Cha. Sheffield's Estate Bill read.

Servants Characters Bill committed.

Instruction to Committee on Kingston and Sheet-bridge Road Bill.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for regulating the Water for the Floating Harbour.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That the Water Bailiff shall not prevent Ships from Mooring near the Bank.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. banke, Mr. Burdon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for paving the Footways of certain Streets within the City of Lincoln, for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Streets, and other Streets; Lanes, and public Passages and Places, within the said City, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Caw-thorne, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of Sir Charles Sheffield, Baronet, deceased, and devised by his Will in strict Settlement, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates more contiguous to the Bulk of the Family Estate of the said Sir Charles Sheffield, in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to prevent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Act of Parliament, and to repeal such Parts of the said Acts as relate to the said Road for that Purpose.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sparrow’s, for effectuating and establishing an Exchange agreed &c* Estate upon between the Trustees of s Charity and B‘l read*

Robert Sparrow, Esquire, and Mary Bence, Spinster, of certain Estates in the County of Suffolk, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fane’s Name, to enable Henry Hopkins Fane, Esquire, and Katherine Bill read-his Wife, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Katherine, to take the Surname of only,

and to bear the Arms of the Family of the of Whitby and Wentworth of Howsham, pursuant to the Will of Nathaniel Cholmley, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for the better Regulation and Government Bill for of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this Regulation Kingdom, was read a Second Time. the CoM*?nm

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Trade, com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee mittei of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the African last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to Slave BiB " amend and continue, for a limited Time, several wdered*.

" Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and " carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of

Africa," might he read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, the said Act: And that Sir William Dolben and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inr Nettleton closing, the Open and Common Fields, Common inclosure Bill, Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish passed* of Nettleton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Nettleton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William Clement Finch, from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so tar as relates to the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, is committed, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to reduce so much of the said Acts as relates to the said Road, into One Act of Parliament, and to repeal such Parts of the said Acts as relates to the said Road for that Purpose.

And Mr. William Clement Finch moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to redufce so much of the said Acts as relates to the said Road, into One

Sir Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to petition for whom the Petition of the Honourable and Right Provision to Reverend James Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, the Dee River and the humble Petition of Thomas Stanley Massey, Ao^ment Esquire, Lords of Manors and Owners of Lands Bill reported, within the Hundred of WirraU, in the County of Chester, adjoining to, and lying on, the North or North East Side of the Old Channel of the River Dee, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Richard Ashurst being examined, said, That by a Clause in an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Geoi'ge the Second, certain Sands, Soil, and Ground were, so soon as the Navigation

4k,

Tewkesbury

Petition in 'Favour of a Tax on Dops.

Sheffield inclosure Bill reported.

31 Geo. III. 20° M. 621

gation of the River Dec should be completed, vested in Nathaniel Kindcrley, and are now vested in the Com-

pany of Proprietors of the said Navigation — That on a Construction of the said Clause, which it is conceived the Words do not warrant, the said Company have claimed certain Lands or Sands lying within the Hundred of Ifirrall;but which it is alledged are

Parcel of certain Manors situate within the said Hundred — That it is expedient that aH Doubts respecting such Boundaries and Claims should be removed; find the respective Rights of the Parties to such Lands or Sands be ascertained.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and certain Lords of Mauors lying below, or to the South East of Gi'eenfield Gate, in the County of Flint, on the South Side of the said River Dee, and other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons, and the Old Common Salt Marshes, lying on the South Side of the said River, and below, or to the South East of Greenfield Gate aforesaid, and an Award made in Consequence thereof and for erecting Part of the said Company's Lands into a separate Township, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for trying the Rights of the said Company to certain Lands or Sands lying within the Hundred of IVirmll,in the County of Chester, which Lands

or Sands have been claimed by the said Company, as being vested in them by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to recover and preserve " the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County " Palatine of Chester," and which Claim is disputed by the Lords and Freeholders of the Manors in which such Lands or Sands are situate.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for a Tax upon Persons keeping Dogs, to be applied in Aid of the Poors Rates: And recommending such a Tax to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie’ upon the Table.

Mr. Duncnmbe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, within the Manor of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the-Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, reifttive to Bills of Inclosure, lmd been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of I.ands rated to the Land Tax at £. 165 1 s. 11 who could not be met with; and also, except the Owners of Lands rated at £. 38. 6 s. 8 d.who refused to consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed are rated to the Land Tax at £.2,281. ys. 8 id. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:’ Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Vol. 46.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Petitions monalty, of the Borough of Ripon, in the County of againstRipou York, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to l'ilvlnS the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets,

Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, within the said Borough, and within the Township of Ripon, in the said County; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed it is intended by the said Bill, to empower the Commissioners, and several other Persons, to repair, pave, sweep, and cleanse, the Streets, and other Public Places, in and throughout the said Borough, and to raise, and take up at Interest, several very considerable Sums of Money for those Purposes, and to charge the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Township with the Payr ment thereof; and that the Petitioners have, im-memorially, by their Bell Man, and other Persons employed by them, swept and cleansed the Market Place within the said Borough, in Consideration whereof they are entitled to, and have immemorially had, received, and taken, a certain Toll of all Corn exposed for Sale, in the said Market Place, commonly called " The Market Sweepings Toll," and the Petitioners are informed, it is not intended by the said x Bill to reserve or except their Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That they may be' heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurious to the Petitioners, and affect their Rights and Privileges, and may have such Relief as the House shall think reasonable and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Another Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Town of Ripon is an ancient Borough, and the Petitioners, by Prescription and divers Charters, are entitled to certain Rights, Privileges, and Immunities, are Conservators of the Peace within the said Borough, and the natural Guardians of the Rights and Interests of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and its Liberties and Dependencies; and that the Commissioners to be appointed by the said Bill will, as the Petitioners are informed, be empowered to borrow, and take up at Interest, several considerable Sums of Money, to be applied for carrying on and completing the several Purposes thereof, and to make Rates or Assessments, upon the Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Buildings,

Lands, and Hereditaments, within the said Borough and Township of Ripon, to enable them to pay the Interest of the Money so to be borrowed, and to defray the several Expences aforesaid, and that there are several other Parts of the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very burthensome and injurious to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners conceive the Laws already in being sufficient for all the necessary

7 T Purpose

Purposes intended by the said Bill, and that, if the said Bili should pass into a Law, the Rights, Interests, and Property of the Petitioners and’others, within the said Borough and Township, would be burthened with a heavy and unnecessary Expence: And therefore . praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think tit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Billfor better Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Gaols1'0* Order, a Bill for the better regulating of Gaols, and other presented. Places of Confinement: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Anwick, &c. Ordered, That Sir John do make the Report

Inclosure and from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing Drainage Dill and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow r*Forte ' Ground, Half Year’s Land, Common Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for embanking and draining the said Common Fens, and certain inclosed Low Lands adjoining thereto, called The Praie Grounds, in or near the Township of North Kyme, in the said County, was committed.

Sir John Thorold accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to die Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 20 Acres of certain inclosed Low Lands, called The Praie , who

refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the said Praie Grounds consists of 602 Acres; and that no

Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Second Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating of

Reading of Gaols, and other Places of Confinement, be read a Gaols Bill. Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Standing Or- The House was moved, That the Standing Orders of ders relative the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Tum-

tioMforCa" might be read;

Paving Bills. And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That, before any Petition is presented to this House for paving, lighting, cleansing, or improving any City or Town, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose, Notice of such intended Application to Parliament be given at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for the County in which such City or Town shall be situate, at the Michaelmas immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented.

Resolved, That this Notice be given, by affixing to

the Door of the Sessions House, where such General Quarter Sessions are held, a printed or written Paper, declaring that such Application will be made; and that such Notice be also printed in some one Newspaper of the County, or, if there is no such Paper printed for that County, then in the Newspaper of some near or adjoining County, Three Times at least, in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be made Standing Orders of this House.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it respecting was referred to consider of enabling His Majesty to f th'offT*'* grant, during Pleasure, to the Officers of the late of the late* Wine Licence Office, a Yearly Allowance out of the Wine License Duties of Excise, the Resolution which the Com- Office, mittee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,.

That His Majesty be enabled to grant, during Pleasure, to the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office, such Yearly Allowances, out of the Duties of Excise, as His Majesty shall think proper, so as no such Allowances shall exceed the Annual Amount of the Salaries and Emoluments of which such Officers have been deprived, by the Removal of such Office to the Excise Office.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same,

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Consolidated Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums Fund Bl11 of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for ap- Presente< plying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bin for a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or raising a Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou- o*- Ex sand Seven hundred and Ninety-one: And the same was chequer Bilisj received; and read the First Time. presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee, Report re-who were appointed to take into Consideration so specting much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Controverted " Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of Elections.

" controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," as relates to the ascertaining and taxing the Costs and Expences therein mentioned, and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the said Act, and had agreed upon a Table of Fees to be demanded and taken by the Examiners, and other Persons, for their Attendance and Trouble respecting the Taxation of all Costs and Expences under the Authority of the said Act, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

Goat and Slieep Skins Duty Bill presented.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loar.s or Exchequer Bills presented.

St. Alban and South Mims Road Bill passed.

Lottery Bill presented.

Committee oi Supply.

31 Geo. III. 20° Mail

623

his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow* cth; viz.

To each of the said Examiners, for his Pains and Trouble respecting the Tax* ation of every Bill of Costs and Expences, upon which an Order of Reference shall have been made by Mr. Speaker to such Examiners, and for the Report to be £. s. d. made thereon, the Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings - - - 33 —

To the Speaker’s Secretary, for his Pains and Trouble respecting the Taxation of every such Bill, the Sum of One Pound Six Shillings and Eight Pence l 6 8

To the Clerk who shall be appointed to attend the said Examiners, for his Pains and Trouble respecting the Taxation of every such Bill, the Sum of One Pound Six Shillings and Eight Pence - i 6 8

The said Table of Fees being read a Second Time; Resolved, That the same be the Fees to be demanded and taken by the several Persons mentioned in the said Table of Fees.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing certain Duties of Excise upon Tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and also certain Duties of Customs on Tanned'Goat Skins imported: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies granted Account* «-by the Acts of Parliament of the First and Seventeenth 1 ears of His Majesty’s Reign, with the Imprest, and other Monies, paid into the Exchequer, applicable to the Uses of His Majesty’s Civil Government, for Five Years, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1791, and the Charge thereupon (as near as the same can be ascertained) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies granted D°, by the Acts of the First and Seventeenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Use of the Civil Government, and of the Charges and Expences of the same, in the Quarter ended the 5th Day of April 1791 (as near as the same can be ascertained) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies necessary to Duke of discharge the Annuity grunted to His late Royal High- Cumber-nes3 Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland, out of the *Al"*

Consolidated Fund, from the Time it was last paid to the Day of His Royal Highness’s Death, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Consul William Mitford, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Ex- Logie*

chequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to pay a Bill drawn by Consul Logie at Algiers, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Coui-mittoe.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House ‘ will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Order for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Way*and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty be now read. 8

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and eplarge the Powers of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Alims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and repairing the Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vol. 46„

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill relating Reading of the Bill for establishing and confirming a to the certain Resolution or Order of the Governor General r^ofVort*" in Council of Fort William in Bengal, and all Acts william in done by virtue thereof, and for granting further Bengal com* Powers to the said Governor General during his Re- n"tted* sidence on the Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Letter from Letter from the President and Select Committee of Fort St. Fort Saint George to the late Lieutenant General Sir *° EyreCoote, dated the 22d of April 1783, relative to coote to U the Recommendation of the Governor General and printed. Council of Bengal to re-inyest the said Sir Eyre Coote with the separate Authority he exercised in the Year 1782, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, by Mr. Ramsay, from the Directors of the East India

A. 1791.

624 20" — 21° Mail.

India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-

Committee posed, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice

for Courts of ,j0 8jt on Tuesday next, at Five of the Clock in the justice to sic* f # i *

withdrawn. Afternoon, in the House.

And,the said Motion was, with Leave of the House,

withdrawn.

Bill to re- Ordered, Nemine Con That Leave be given move Doubts to bring in a Bill to remove Doubts respecting the Wc.u"8 Rights and Functions of Juries in Criminal Cases: &c. of Juries And that Mr. Fox, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Chancellor of in Criminal the Exchequer, Mr. Sheridan, the Master of the Rolls, Cases, or- Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. dered. Mr. Anstruther, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica,in the Port of Saint

George, in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of Nero Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Bill for raising, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fog a Sum by House, . upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of L°ansorLx-Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying 1

the Public Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty’s Forces in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill foT rendering Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus, &c. more effectual, ordered.

Salt Petre Duties Bill deferred.

Vew found--land

.Judicature. - Bill deferred.

.Bank Loan Bill deferred.

Second Expiring Laws Bill deferred.

West India Trade, and Jamaica, See. Free Port Bill deferred.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs " of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of " a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; and " for the more easy trying and determining the Rights " of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said ActAnd that Mr. Fox, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sheridan, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Jekyll, Mr. An-struther, and Mr. Adam, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Orders of the Day being r^ad;

Resolved, That this House will, To-morow 'Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, a certain Order of Council respecting the Importation of a limited Quantity of Salt Petre, for repealing the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Salt Petre, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof.

Ordered, That the Bill for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland, for a Time to be limited, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Payment of the Sum of ,£.500,000, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,into the Receipt of His Majesty’s

Exchequer.

Resolved, That this House will,. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by s Hydro-

meter.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries be-. longing to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies; and also an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Port? of

Report Supply.

An Annuity

to the Duk« of Clarence.

To make good Money issued for ditto.

Sabbati, 21° die Mail;

Anno 31* Georgii III,a Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

MR. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That His Majesty be enabled to grant a Yearly Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, to His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Clarence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceding Thirty-four Thousand Two hundred and Ten Pounds and Five Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the Use of His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Clarence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred and Forty-six Pounds Seven Shillings and 'Jen Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to discharge the Annuity granted to His late Royal Highness Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland, from the Time it was last paid to the Day of His Royal Highness’s Death.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Six thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two Pounds and Nineteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to make good a Claim of the Sons of the late Bey of Algiers.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Tnpe, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,. Mr. Edzcard James Eliot, the Lord Bay ham, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to WineLi-Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to make Com- ^"5 compensation to the Officers of the late Wine Licence pensation*

Office Bill presented.

To discharge the Annuity to the late Duke of Cumberland.

To make good a Claim of the late 15ey of Algiers Sons.

OCK, 2

31 Geo. III. 21°

Office for the Loss of their Offices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Revoked, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Consolidated A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums

conunUud ^onc? out the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Aberoaatand Mr. Thomas Wyndham reported from the Commit-£?*£ tee, to whom tire Bill for making and maintaining a 1 ’ Canal or Navigable Communication, from or near a

certain Place called Abin tire County of Glamorgan, to and through a certain Place called The Brickfield, near Melincn/thaPill, into the River of

Neath, near the Town of Neath, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Dudley P*v- An ingrossed Bill for better paving, cleansing, light-wg, he. ing, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Bill pawed. Dudley, in the County of W orcester, and for better supplying the said Town with Water, was read the Third Time.

The Amendmcut following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 32. I. 0. After " Lands" to insert " or to " divert, take, or use, any Water " from any Springs, Streams, or " Ponds, within the Lands of the " said Thomas Shaw Hellier, without the Consent of the said " Thomas Shaw Hellier, his Heirs " or Assigns."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Dudley, in the County of W orcester, and for better supplying the said Town with Water.

Ordered, That Mr. Baler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bromyard An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing seve-Roads Bill ral Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the

passed. County of Hereford, and other Roads adjoining thereto,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vo 1- 46.

Mail.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Bin for or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One rais'n8 4 thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was, according j^ngorEx-to Order, read a Second Time. chequer Bill*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repealing certain Duties of Excise upon Goat and Tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for granting ^h®eP^jns other Duties in Lieu thereof, and also certain Duties of Emitted. Customs on Tanned Goat Skins imported, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Bill for Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year gum One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was, ac- ^Loans'" cording to Order, read a Second Time. Exchequer

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Bills com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee mUted-of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Lottery Bill Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was, according to commltted. Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Salt Petre resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, P"ties Bill

9 uClfilTfiu

upon the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, a certain Order of Council respecting the Importation of a limited Quantity of Salt Petre, for repealing the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Salt Petre, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ba"k

House, upon the Bill for the Payment of the Sum of an 1

£.500,000, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

7 U Ordered,

21° — 23°

A. 1791.

Committee on Seconal Expiring Laws Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- West India to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ?»uo

House, upon the Bill to continue the several Laws House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the F^ap^t c‘ therein mentioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for BiUdeferrei the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, be now regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Ma-

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made an

jesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging

to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies-, and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah

Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Committee on Bill for

Exchequei Bills

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House raisingaSum *° reso've itself into a Committee of the whole House, by Loans or upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Public Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty’s Forces in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 23° die Mail;

Anno 310 Georgii III*1 Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

jy^R. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to oddington

Committee on allowing the free Importation of Seal Skins.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for a Time to be limited.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- Inclosure Bill tain Open Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and rel,ortc<1* other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Oddington, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

Ale-housekeepers, Ac. Licensing Bill committed.

Morning next

A Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-housekeepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,

be

ingrossed.

Bill.

Newfoundland Judicature Bill deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland, for a Time to be limited, be read a Second Time upon Monday

Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Servants upon the Bill to prevent the forging and counter- Characters feiting Certificates of Servants Characters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Hood took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Hood reported from the Committee, Thai they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An

2s »*-

627

31 Geo. III.

23° Mali.

Mersey and An ingrossed Bill for altering and amending an Act, Jrwell Navi- in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late

ds*«d Majesty King George tire First, intituled, "An Act for " making the Rivers Mersey and Navigable from

" Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Pulatine of " Lancaster," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title ' be, An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making " the Rivers Mercy (now called Jlfersey) and " Navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the " County Palatine of ."

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hastings. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to ! Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the Mouse immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this Hou^c in 1 Vest muster and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Hastings,

Esquire, be now called over.

And they were called over accordingly; and they went to the Places in /Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into // 'estminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Dorawr’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate Bill for enabling Trustees to grant Leases of Part of the committed. Estates of Susanna Ann Treffry Dormer and Jane Treflry Dormer, Infants, and to invest the Monies arising from the Leases to be granted on Fines in the Purchase of Real Estates to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the Estates so to be leased, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John ]\lorshead, Mr. Rashtcigh,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leigh's Name Bill

Mr. Crmfurd reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An passed^’and Act to enable Thomas Leigh, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Hare only, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Vol. 46.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Crarajurd do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Pilchard Fishery, by continuing a further Bounty upon Fishery B*ll Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, was read the passe<1’ Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for embanking and draining cer- Chatteris and tain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes Wimblington of Chatteris and Dodinglon,in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and for dividing and inclosing passed.' the Commons and Waste Lands within the Hamlet of JWimblington, in the said Parish of Dodinglon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for embanking and draining certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Chatteris and Dodinglon, and Hamlet of in

the said Parish of Dodinglon, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Hainlct of JVimblington.

Ordered, That Mr. Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BonapaceV for naturalizing Francis Louis Bonapace, Esquire, was Nat- , read a Second Time. committe<L

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. John Fitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do make the Re- Barrar’s port from the Committee, to w horn the ingrossed Bill Name Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable rePor‘ed and

Acton Barrar, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his pa8se *

Body, to take the Surname of Acton only, pursuant to the Will of Edward Acton, Esquire, deceased, was committed.

Mr. Edzcard Foley accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Edzcard Foley do carry to the Mr. Foley to Lords the ingrossed Bill, for better paving, cleansing, carry Dudley lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for better Lords, supplying the said Town with Water, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Pouys presented to the House, according to Felony Order, a Bill to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Rewards Bill Cases of Felony: And the same was received; and read presented, the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message

23° M

A. 1791.

Melton Mowbray N avigiition Bill.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. have agreed SpTCWger:

to Mr. Speaker,

l'.llesraere, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An &c. Poor Bill. Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes of Ellesmere,

Middle, Baschurch, and Hordleyand to the Cha-

pelry or District of Hadnal, otherwise Hadnal Ease, Tomorrow Morning, in the County of Salop; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making navigable the Rivers Wreak and Eye, from the Junction of the said River Wreak, with the intended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at or near

a certain Place called Turnwater Meadow, in the Lord-

ship of Cossington, to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester', without any' Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act o for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

°* Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of Curdicorth and Minworth, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Duke of Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Clarence’s Annuity of £.12,000 on His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure: And the same was"""*" received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

presented.

tion Bill committed.

Curdworth and Mia-worth Inclosure Bill.

Mr. Hasting’s Trial.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to make Compen- wine Licence sation to the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office, Officers for the Loss of their Offices, was read a Second <romRe"sa" Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Account of Duties on Bills of Exchange, &c. ordered.

Ditto

presented.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes, and on Receipts, for Three Years, ending the 5th of January 1791; distinguishing each Year.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes, ami on Receipts, for Three Years, ending the 5th of January 1791; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties, now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders,

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing the Importation po*^ou „f of Seal Skins cured with foreign Salt, free of Duty, Seal Skin*, for a Time to be limited, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Seal Skins cured with foreign Salt, be permitted to be imported, free of Duty, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring , in, the same.

Moti

Goto1

oaf

Rfpt

kin

PM

tm

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bank Loan from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported. Bill for the Payment of the Sum of £. 500,000, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

and on Receipts, and for granting other Duties in lieu upon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment thereof, is committed. was made, by the House, to the Bill.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Papers of this Session. ingrossed.

Petty Lar- Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to

ten/ Wit- Order, a Bill to render Persons convicted of Petty

nesses Bill Larceny competent Witnesses: And the same was represented. ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Swansea An ingrossed Bill for repairing, enlarging, and pre-Hurbour Bill serving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of passed. Glamorgan, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Sin the County of Glamorgan.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Leven Lands and Grounds in the Township of Leven, in the Inclosure Bill Parish of Leven,in the East Riding of the County of Passed* York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds in the Township of Leven, in the Parish of Leven, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bill for rais-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ing a Sum by Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or *f'ans or Lx-Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Public Expences ' *

occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty’s Forces in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

Ninety,

31 Geo. III.

23° Mail

629

Motion for a Committee to tntnpdre the Reports relating to the Public Income and Expenditure.

Keg.

Ninety, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee hud made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re| >ort in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrosstd.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Committee lie appointed to compare the Reports which, upon the 21st Day of March 178b, and the 10th Day of this Instant May, were made from the Select Committees* to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report their Observations thereupon to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

milltr To rn||-

*idtr Rr}>ort of Pul>lic Income and

Dav appoint- Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 10th Day

!?r *Ct,m' of this Instant May, was made from the Select Committee, to w hom it w as referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the Hotwe in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Expenditure, public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what has been the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future, and also, what Alteration has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt, since the 5th Day of January 1786, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the w hole House.

Ji'waked. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report

Accounts Ac. ordered.

Navy Debt.

Navy Pay

Office.

Exchequer Bills for 17 84.

D# for 1785.

D# for 1786.

Carlton

House.

D0.

D0.

Chathing for Militia.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Navy Debt, specifying the Amount of such Part of it as now bears Interest, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Expence of the new Establishment of the Navy Pay Office.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the Service of the Year 1784, exclusive of those charged on the Annual Land and Malt Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the Service of the Year 178.";, exclusive of those charged on the Annual Land and Malt Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, issued for the crvice of the Year 1786, exclusive of those charged on the Annual Land and Malt Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums issued on Account of Carlton House, and the Manner in which the same have been applied.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Estimates of the Expence of finishing and furnishing Carlton House, which have been made in pursuance of any Directions from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Applications which have been made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury respecting the Works at Carlton House, and of their Proceedings and Correspondence thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of One compleat Cloathing for the whole Militia.

Vol. 46.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Second Ex-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom P*.gLa*®. the Bill to continue the several Laws therein men- Bl report tioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, &c. Account of the Fees allowed to be taken by the Custom Custom House of the Island of Newfoundland. atNew-8

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy founJland, of a Report from the Commissioners of the Customs, of ordered, the 11 th of May 1790, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, relating to the Fees of the Custom House at Newfoundland.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on Bills of House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and ’ y other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made'several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for better Reading of the Bill for the better regulating of Gaols, regulating and other Places of Confinement, be now read. muted*0*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Cora Regu-the Report from the Committee of the whole House, lation again to whom the Bill for regulating the Importation and recommitted Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty r*>or e< on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, was again re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be now received,

Mr. Bramston accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were

7 X disagreed

23° Maii.

A. 1T91.

disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; to affect the Rights of any other British Subjects and several Amendments were made, by the House, to trading to Africa, or to obstruct Vessels belonging to

the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 58. 1. 26. by inserting, after the Word ‘‘ Weeks," the Words " Fifteenth Day of November, Fifteenth Day of February, Fifteenth Day of May, and Fifteenth Day of August."

British Subjects from Anchoring within the Limits specified in the Act

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

Saltp

Do

defer

And the Question being put. That those Words be for limiting the Duration of the Act.

there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the stud Bill shall be then

Day ajjpdinted for a

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tire House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Ale-

N

Lift

Bill

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

Commute* ^at House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

on allowing Itself info a Committee of the whole House, to con- then ingrossed

:ign Corn side* of allowing Foreign Corn imported to be Ware-s Ware- housed at the Expence of the Importer, and to be

Foreia to be \

h°u»ed. taken out of the Warehouses on Payment of certain Duties; .

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for UK Tew, } »-

TeBen, for Bre Noes, } 48.

Seal Skin* Importation BUI presented.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to allow the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read tire First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported heard on Re- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom port of Sierra toe Bill for establishing a Company for carrying on tornKU*" Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, gum upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by by lILis or Loans or Excliequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Exchequer One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, be now Bl118* read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Couniel

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by ther bum by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Loans or enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, be now j^tie<iuer His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the read. 1 *

Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the bdtter enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then the Counsel against the Bill was called in.

Ahd -the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the thereunder signed Merchants of Liverpool trading to Africa, on Behalf of themselves and other Persons concerned in the said Trade, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Amendments were accordingly severally read a Second Time; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, That nothing therein contained shall extend

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Bill respect-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing Seamen upon the Bill for the better Regulation and Government 1" t,^r^ast* of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this deferred. ’ Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Go.it and ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing certain Duties of deferred!. Excise upon Tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skin9, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and also certain Duties of Customs on Tanned Goat Skins imported.

Resolved,

31 Geo. III.

23° — 24° Maii.

631

Saltpetre Duties Bill deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Strathaven, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and for repairing and widening the Roads from die w hole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying all Persons Confines of the County of at or near Lochgate, to who have been concerned in advising, or carrying the Town of Strathaven; and for repairing the several into Execution, a certain Order of Council respecting Roads leading into the City of , so far as the

the Importation of a limited Quantity of Saltpetre, same relate to the Road leading from the Town of for repealing the Duties now payable upon the Im- Airdrie towards the City of Glasgow, through the VII-portation of Saltpetre, and for granting other Duties in lage of till it falls into the Great Road

Lieu thereof. from Muriehall to the said City, and for repairing

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday the Road from the said Great Road, by Drygate ana Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whitehill, to Camtyne, and for repairing and widen-Bill deferred. Aholc House, upon the Bill to amend so much of Two ing several other Roads; and for building a Bridge over Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth the River Clyde, at or near Theevesfoord, and for opening Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George and making certain Streets in and near the City of the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Alehouse- Glasgow, was read the Third Time.

Ala-house-keepers, <Scc.

Newfoundland Judicature Bill deferred.

Sheffield Inclosure Bill passed.

keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale houses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses.

Ordered, That the Bill for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland, for a Time to be limited, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 24? die Maii',

Anno 3i# Georgii III"* Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, within the Manor of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, made for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Strathaven, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate, to the Town of Strathaven; and for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Airdrie towards the City of Glasgow, through the Village of Shettlestone, till it falls into the Great Road from Muriehall to the said City, and for repairing the Road from the said Great Road, by Diygate and Whitehill, to Camtyne, and for repair-

ing and widening several other Roads; and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Theevesfoord, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgow.

Ordered, That Mr. TYilliam M‘Dowall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Sparrow’s, Act for effectuating and establishing an Exchange &c. Estate agreed upon between the Trustees of Wildes Charity The Amendment following was proposed to be made and Robert Sparrow, Esquire, and Mary Bence, Spin- nu to the Bill; viz. ster, of certain Estates in the County of Suffolk, was

Pr. 15. 1.2. After "Roads" to insert "as shall read a Second Time.

" be made over the Lands to be Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John " inclosed." Rous, Sir Charles Bunbury, &c.: And they are to meet

And the said Amendment w as, upon the Question put this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was Chamber, amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, within the Manor of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Dun combe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Worktop and An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Roads Bil/1^ Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the 1 keign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from I York sop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Dcbdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cecil’s Di-to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Cecil, Esquire, with vorce Bill Emma Vernon,his now Wife, and to enable him to marry committed,

again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wilj, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 1st Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

South Muskham,in the County of Nottingham, was mittee. That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-

rr‘ nesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear

Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass

And that the Title

be, An Act for enlarging the ’Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debdalc Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Muskham,in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

tire Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Livingstone An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Itoads BU1°W several Acts, made for repairing the Roads from Living-fuastd. stone,by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and

Vox.. hG.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to Birmingham whom the Bill to amend, and render effectual, an Act Bridge Bill of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for reporW"' re-building the Bridge over the River at the

Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto, and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Wier, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town

from

24° Mali.

A. 1791.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

from being Overflowed, was committed; That the Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several and found the same to be true; and that the Committee' had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Morning.

Dunham Ftrry Road Bill passed*

Mr. Gamon reported from the Committee, to whom Stoke and the Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing certain Pnfycottnn Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Stoke 1

Moor, and Moor, within the Manor and Pa-

rish of Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of been complied with; and that the Committee had His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, was given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of read the Third Time. the Committee (except the Owners of 3 Common

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Rights, and One-third of a Common Right, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of

Hi!.'

ic.l

Kit.

St(

M

L-u

Mi

Norfolk Woolcombecs Bill reported, and re-committed.

be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pien'epont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and de’sire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent Abuses and Frauds committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, in the

Rights upon the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed consists of 62 Common Rights, and 102 Ox Shoots; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the' Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

County of Norfolk and City of Norwich, and County upon, were agreed to by the House.

of the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,- in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, ingrosseds

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. JVaUcer Mr. Spranger:

Air. Speaker,

and The Lord9 have agreed to

The Lords have agreed to the

Bill, intituled, An Chichester in the Eighteenth having Bill.

Fane’s Name Bill committed.

Committee 00 Hill for

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Hopkins Fane, Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Katherine, to take the Surname of Cholmley only, and to bear the Arms of the Family of the Cholmleys of Whit by and Wentworth of Howsham, pursuant to the Will of Nathaniel Cholmley, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Colonel Phipps, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’^ Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Act for repealing an Act, made Year of the lteign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for paving the City of Chiches," and for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing, the Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways and Passages, within the Walls of the said City, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wakefield Act for building a new Church in the Town of Wake- Church Bill field, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for providing a proper Burial Ground, and making Provision for a Minister to officiate in the said Church; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Chaddesdea Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common j",0®ure Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, withirf U' the Liberty of Chaddesden, in the Parish of Spondort, and County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for The Lords confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Di- have passed vision between Thomas Hustler, Esquire, and Richard Hustler’s William Peirse, Esquire, of the Manor and Mansion

of upon the Bill for the better Regulation and Government House of Acklam, in the North Riding of the County

seamen m r . _r _„,i , vt~.....t -

the Coasting Tjpde.

of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Pelham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

of York, and of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, inlhe Parishes of Acklam and Middlesbrough, and in the Townships of.

and Airsome, in the said North Riding of the said County of York, and for settling and limiting the In-tirety of the said Manor and Mansion House, and of the specific Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, w’hich, upon such Partition and Division were 9 allotted

31 Geo. III.

24" Mail

633

allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein That the Report be received Tomorrow

mentioned, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords Morning, desire the Concurrence of this House.

Hualler’s, &c. Bill read.

Sir Charles Shield's F.*tate Bill committed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of Sir Charles Sheffield, Baronet, deceased, and devised by his Will in strict Settlement, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates more contiguous to the Bulk of the Family Estate of the said Sir Charles Sheffield, in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Christ

Church Pav- watching,

An ingrossed Bill for

widening,

pavin

cleansing,

lighting,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, "nGoataod upon the Bill for repealing certain Duties of Excise Du^Bin upon Tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and also certain Duties of Customs on Tanned Goat Skins imported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

regulating, and improving, a Mr. reported from the Committee, to Staines

pu»edC* certa*n Street, called The Upper Ground Street, in the whom the Bill for building a Bridge, cross the River Bridge Bill Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and Thames, from Staines to in the Counties of Mid- rePorted*

certain other Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for shutting up Part of an Alley or Passage, leading from BullAlky to Marmold Court, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, regulating, and improving, a certain Street, called The Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and certain other Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for shutting up Part of an Alley or Passage, leading from Bull Alley to Mary gold Court.

Ordered, That Lord Russell do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Servants The Lord Ilood, according to Order, reported from Characters the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill bill reported. prevctlt the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House

dlesex and Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Maimcaring reported from the Committee, to Hounslow

whom the Bill to enlarge the Term, and Powers of Heath and Three Acts, made in the First and Twelfth Years of the Basingstone Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and B ted 1 re* in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing F the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Storey, and for maintaining and repairing Egham Causerway,in the said County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Ordered, 1’hat the Bill, with the Amendments, be Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to make Com-cers Compen- p^g^on to the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office muoo i . fQr t},e LqSS of ^eir Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Committee on Wine Li tence Offi-

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Combine* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Cunsoli-upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums *^ted Fuud of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for ap- Bl *

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee, plying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vol. 46.

of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

7 Y Ordered,

i Diniti7(=>d hv

Goo.oJi

24° M

A, 1791,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Duke of CU-Reading of the Bill for enabling llis Majesty to settle ^J*ce8 an Annuity of £.12,000 on His Royal Highness the commtted. Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ♦

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee-of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Seal Skin*

Mil ChP Bill |

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, Riding of the Bill to allow the Importation of Seal

Committee on Lottery Bill.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Skins cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for a Time commt' to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Bill* of Ex. the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties now charged deferred, on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voicwto Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, Committee inclosing, and draining, the Commons and Waste noSSton Bill for rai*- Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Re- Grounds within the Manor of Hope, in the County of inclosore,

ing a Sundry P0’^ from the Committee of the whole House, to Flint, and also a certain Tract of Common or. Waste &c. Bill. Loan*or Ex- whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Ground in the Townships of Loner Kinnerion and chequer BUI. Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Dodleston, within the Manor and Parish of reported. One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was in the County of Chester, is committed, committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

An ingrossed Bill to continue the several Laws therein Second Ex-mentioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the P'"B La*‘ Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, was read 151 **' the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the several Laws therein men-

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a tioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the Strength Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question se- of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent other Ships than those ship* Moor-ladeu with Tobacco from Mooring and discharging ing Bill

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Rt Bill for mis- port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom their Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, nmde PaMed-",g a.furth,:r the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His KoTos or Ex- or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One ..

chequer Bills thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was corn-reported. niitted.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which 'the Corn-

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing " the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had di- be, An Act to prevent other Ships than those laden rected to be reported to tire House; and he read the with Tobacco from Mooring and discharging their Lading Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered tire Bill, at tire Places appointed by an Act, made in the Twenty-with the Amendments, in at tire Clerk’s Table: ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; tituled, " An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the " and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

" thereof;" to prohibit the Exportation of damaged or mean Tobacco; and for permitting the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne.

' Ordered,

Italian Silk Crupts, &c. Bill passed.

Kef Is, &c. Re»adtnea-urement Bill passed.

Newfoundland Judicature Bill passed.

Felony Rewards Bill committed.

Petty Larceny Witnesses Bill committed.

Lords

Amendment to Flimweil Vent Road Bill considered.

31 Geo. III. 24°Mail.

635

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, unless brought directly from thence, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, unless brought directly from thence.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Keels, Pan Keels and Pan Boats, and other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent Keels, Pan Keels and Pan Boats, and other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sussex', and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with One of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane.

And the said Amendment was read j and is as followed; viz.

Pr. 9.1. i, I Leave out from " notwithstanding’1 to & 2.J " And," in Line 26.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree to the said Amendment made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Committee Reasons to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, to draw up for disagreeing with their Lordships in the said Amend- ^off'ered^t®

ment. the Lords.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr, Thomas Pelham, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fox, Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Hussey, Mr. Francis, the Master of the Rolls, Mr.

Harrison, Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. St. John, Mr, Pulteney, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Pybus, Mr. North, the Lord North, Lord Fredet ick Campbell, Mr. Orde, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Smith, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Colonel

Fitzpatrick, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Plumct',

Mr. Carew, Sir James Permyman, Mr. Jackson: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of Newjoundland, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of Felony, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolv e itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Bill for by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Public raising a Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of His Ma- Sum by jesty’s Forces in the Year One thousand Seven hundred ^heouer and Ninety, was read the Third Time. Bills. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Public Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty’s Forces in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Payment of the Sum of Bank Loan £. 500,000, by the Governor and Company of the Bank Bill passed, of England, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Payment oif the Sum of £. 500,000, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to render Persons convicted of Petty Larceny competent Witnesses, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimweil Vent, in the County of Sussex,

through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the

Parishes of Sandhurst, Netvaiden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Coopei''s Corner, in the said County of Vol. 46.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself ioto a Committee of foe whole House, on allowing to consider of allowing Foreign Corn imported to be Warehoused at foe Expence of the Importer, and to be housed, taken out of the Warehouses on Payment of certain Duties, be now read.

And foe said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brandling took the Chair of foe Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brandling reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed 1 him to report, when the House will please to receive foe same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing and confirming a certain Governor Resolution or Order of the Governor General in Council General in

of Bengal.

1

24’ — 25° Mali.

A. 1791,

of Fort William in Bengal, and all Acts done by virtue thereof, and for granting further Powers to the said Governor General during his Residence on the Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same! , '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, , for the House to on East India resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company’s to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which lie venue were presented to the House upon the llth Day of

Arrnutitft ® & y

' April last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the

East India Company;

Ordered, That the other Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of the several Presidencies in India, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Accounts

referred.

Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Poor Bill Ordered, That the Report which was made from the deferred. Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Laws in being for the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

West India Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-Trade, and ing) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole FreTport C" House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Bill deferred. Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the /Vest India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies; and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica,in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 25* die Maii;

Anno 31* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1791.

Praters.

f~\RDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending Trial of Mr. this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, Hasting*, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lords have agreed to

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr.

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Expiring An Act to continue several Laws relating to Law* Bill, the granting a Bounty on certain Species of J and Irish Linens exported, and taking oft? the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greerdand Seas and Davis's Streights; and to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to make perpetual an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Mr. Hastinj’i House, That their Lordships will proceed further in Trial, the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported from the Commit- Alconbury tee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Inclosure Bill the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, reported'

Commons,

31 Geo. III.

25° Mail.

637

Common?, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of A Icon- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

hurt/ with I Test on, in the County of Huntingdon, was ingrossed.

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

Mr. Bernard presented to the . I louse, pursuant to the Returns of Directions of several Acts of Parliament, Uo«!of De

Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants puty Lieute-and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His nants, &c. Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Home presented.

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of Department, since those presented to the House of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 216 Commons on the 17th of

Acres and Cottages, who did not choose to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except the Proprietors of about 566 Acres and 11 Cottages, who did not assent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed consists of 3,217 Acres, or thereabouts; and the whole Number of Cottages, to which a Right of Common upon the said Lands is appurtenant, is 82); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table| to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Annesley reported from the Committee, to Aylesbury whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms of Two several Road Bill Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twenty-fifth Years of rePorted-

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Thame and Little , to the Turnpike Road be-

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once tween Bensington and in the County of

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; O.iford, and for amending the Road from the Tum-and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were pike Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road, agreed to by the House. between Postcomb and Tetsworth, in the said County,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-Parish of Oddington, in the County of Oxford, was read port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

the Third Time. and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-

Jiesohed, That tire Bill do pass: And that the Title ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-bc, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open ments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Common fields, Commons, Waste, and other Common- Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally

ingrossed.

Oddington An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain luclobure Bill Open Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other pass« . Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and

Maidstone Paving, iic. Bill reported.

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Norfolk whom the Bill more effectually to prevent Abuses and Woolcomb-

" ers re-com*.

mitted Bill

able Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Oddington, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bio. ram reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening, improving, regulating, Frauds committed by Persons employed in the Manu-paving, cl earning, lighting, and watching, the Streets, factures of combing Wool and Worsted Yam, in the Lancs, and other Public Passages and Places, within County of Norfolk, and City of Noncich, and County the King's Town of Alaidstone,in the County of of the said City, was re-committed; That the Com-Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, inittee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for which they had directed him to report to the House; and better supplying the said Town with Water, and for he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maid- vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s stone, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Table: Where the Amendments were Once read several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, and throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, others, of the County of Kent; and also, the Petition upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed of those w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, be- to by the House.

ing Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Farmers, in Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the County of Kent,resident in the Vicinity, and ingrossed. having frequent Occasion to resort unto the Town

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Re- Ludford Inport from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing closure Bill and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, reported. Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste

of Maidstone; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other inhabitants of the Town of Maidstone, in the county of ; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-

holders, Farmers, and others, of the County of Kent, Grounds, in the Lordship of Ludford, in the County of were severally referred; That the Committee had con- Lincoln, was committed.

sidered the said Petitions, and had examined the Al- Mr.' Hemy Hobart accordingly reported from the legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; said Committee, That the Committee had examined,

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had directed him to report to the House; and he read had been complied with; and that the , Committee the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfac-and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tion of the Committee (except the Proprietor of'about

the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by 13 Acres, who could not be found; and that the

the House. whole Property belonging to Persons interested in

Vo l. 40. ' 7 Z the

25* M

A. 1791.

(he' IrtcldSUrtf conritts of 2,400 Actes, Or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

upon the Bill to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of Felony, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee. °

Commute* on Petty Larceny Witneisefc

Heportedk

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping Marlow Road in Repair, the Road from Great Marlow, in the County Bill PasseJ-of Bu, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

____t ________o______ _________________ Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Ordered, That the Bill" with the Amendments, be he, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in fagrossed. Repair, the Road from Great Marine, in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Oxford.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, _ OrdeThat Mr. Jodrell do carry the Bill to the upon the Bill to render Persons convicted of Petty L°rc*s> and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Wine Licence

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ®fficers

the Bill to enable His Majesty to make Compensation

to the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office for the reported.

Loss of their Offices, was committed, the Amendment

Mr Sneaker resumed the Chair which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which

Mr Unhurt wnm-tpH frnm the Committee they had directed him to report to the House; and

Mr. HenryHotarl reported from the Committee, fte R his p^ce. afterwords delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Corn-

Larceny competent Witnesses, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Br. Speaker resumed the Chair.

r. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone* through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Anwick, &c.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the traineeaH<1 Open Common Fields, Meadow Ground, Half Year’s Bill‘passed. Land, Common Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Goat and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Bill"* the Bill for repealing certain Duties of Excise upon reported. Tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and also certain Duties of Customs on Tanned Goat Skins imported, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second ’lime, One by One; and, upon the

embanking and draining the said^ Common Fens, and Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by certain inclosed Low Lands adjoining thereto, called the House.

The Praie Grounds, in or near the Township of North Kyme, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Ground, Half Year’s Land, Common Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of

Ordered, That the ingrossed.

Bill, with the Amendments, be

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Lottery Bill from the Committee of the whole House, to whom reported, the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

Anwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for embanking Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the and draining the said Common Fens, and certain inclosed - ~ *

Low Lands adjoining thereto, called The Praie Grounds, in or near the Township of North Kyme, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Clerk* of Assixe Bill deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the Offices of Clerks of Assize, Associates, and Clerks of Indictments;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Consolidated from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Fund Bill the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of rePorte<i-Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the

'Rewards Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

deferred. ‘ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

d with

639

31 Geo. III.

25° M

Report Resolution for allowing Foreign Com to be Warehoused.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Brandling, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of allowing Foreign Corn imported to be Warehoused at the Expence of the Importer, and to be taken out of the Warehouses on Payment of certain Duties, the Resolution which the Committee bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Foreign Corn, Meal, and Flour, shall be allowed to be Warehoused in certain Ports, at the Expence of the Importer, and to be delivered out for Home Consumption, upon Payment of such Duties as shall at that Time be respectively payable, upon the Importation of such Corn, Meal, or Flour, from any Foreign Country whatever; and also, of an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence upon every Quarter of Wheat, of One Shilling and Sixpence upon every Hundred Weight of Wheat, Meal, or Flour, of One Shilling and Six Pence upon every Quarter of Rye, Pease, or Bcaos, of One Shilling and Three Pence upon every Quarter of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Indian Corn or Maize, of One Shilling upon every Quarter of Oats, and of One Shilling upon every Boll of Oatmeal of One hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Scotch Troy, or One hundred and Forty Pounds Avoirdupois.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution, upon the Third Reading of the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into oa Salt J’etre a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Duue» Bill. indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, a certain Order of Council respecting the Importation of a limited Quantity of Salt Petre, for repealing the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Salt Petre, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Duke of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, C larence’s upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity Bill. Annuity of £.12,000 on His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Vol. 46.

Leave given to offer a Clause pursuant there to.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committet to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Se*1 skin*

upon the Bill to allow the Importation of Seal Skins, ^?Porlatl<m cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Bill for raU-by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the ing a Sum Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one *7 ^ans or was read the Third Time. Blj[s

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, Bill for rais-by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the ing \fi,rrther Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, 0^Xchequer was read the Third Time. Bills passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Muster Rolls of all the Vessels Muster Rolls which sailed from the Ports of Bristol and Liverpool, of Vessels from the Year 1780 to the Year 1789, both inclusive sailed from (which were presented to the House upon the nth t^e're-Day of April last) be re-delivered. delivered.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening several Buckingham Pieces of Road, and opening and making several Pieces and Brackley of new Road therein described, so as to make a conve- Boad Bill nient Carriage Road from Buckingham, through Brackley, P* — to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening several Pieces of Road, and opening and making several Pieces of new Road therein described, so as to make a convenient Carriage Road from Buckingham, through Brackley, to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury.

Ordered, That Mr. James Grenville do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committe* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on West India upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty- Trad«, and eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulat- Fra*Poit ing the Trade between the Subjects of IBs' Majesty’s Bill.

Colonies

640

25° Mail.

A. 1791.

Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies; and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fox presented to the House, according to Order, Bill respect* a Bill to remove Doubts respecting the Rights and i"6the . Functions of Juries in Criminal Cases: And the same 0fj„^s £ was received; and read the First Time. Criminal

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Cases, pre-Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time sented-

Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Bill relating Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing and confirming a certain Resolution or "fVort'^ Order of the Governor General in Council of Fort William, in William in Bengal, and all Acts done by virtue thereof, Bengal,

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee, and for granting further Powers to the said Governor rePorted-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thefeunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Petition from A Petition of the Merchants and others concerned Dartmouth in the Newfoundland Fishery, resident in Dartmouth, Newfound- ,n County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves and land Judies- all others concerned in that Fishery, was presented to ture Bill. the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island

General during his Residence on the Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to extend the Powers of the Act to General Medows, or to such other Person as shall succeed to the Offices of Governor General and Commander in Chief.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

of Newfoundland, for a Time to be limited; and Set- Question put thereupon, agreed, to by the House, to be forth, That the Petitioners conceive the said made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ring

Court is quite unnecessary in that Island, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law*, it will totally ruin the Newfoundland Fishery, deprive the Petitioners and all others in that Trade of a Trial by Jury, subject their Persons to be imprisoned in a Foreign Country, at a Distance from their Friends, and to starve in Prison for any trifling Sum exceeding £. 5, and put their Lives and Property in the Power of the Chief Judge, and other Officers of the said Court, by which those Men will be invested with greater Power than the Chief Justice of this Kingdom now enjoys, and a Power which the Petitioners contend to be too great to be entrusted in the Hands of any Individual: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, Kingston and

to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Sheetbridg* Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, rep° so far as relates to the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of

Southampton, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of divers of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants,

Ne u loimd-ianci Judicature Bill deterred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself* into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing a Court of Civil Juris-

of the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Trustees nominated and appointed for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads from " Sheetbridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfeld to " the Alton Turnpike Road near Ropley, in the County " of Southamptonand also, the Petition of several

Creditors for divers Sums of Money lent and advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected by virtue of certain Acts of Parliament upon the Road

diction in the Island of Newjoundland, for a Time to be leading from Kingston upon Thames, in the County of

Bills of Exchange, <kc. iJuty. Bill deferred.

limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to

Surrey, to Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to

whom the Bill for repealing the Duties now charged the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof) was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause

31 Geo. III.

25° Mail

641

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for prevent any Turnpike being erected nearer to Godalming That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Ad<lress or Guildford than Four Miles, or to Kingston than Three to offer to His Majesty’s most Gracious Consideration £2

# that Counsel and Advice, which it is the Duty of the The Porte.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be Commons to communicate to the Throne, in every im- Neg.

Tellers for the Yeas,

brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went torth.

'Mr. Clement]

Finch, >

Mr. Henry Hobart:

Tellers for the Noes, g{j; fg'""', j

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Kingston upon Thames, Parish of Esher, and other Parishes,

64-

96.

portant Juncture of Public Affairs:

To icpresent to His Majesty, that, the Prerogative of making Peace an j War being, in like Manner as all other the Royal Prerogatives, vested in His Majesty, in Trust for the Advantage and Benefit of His People, this House does conceive the beneficial Exercise of that Prerogative to be most constitutionally and effectually promoted by the Advice of His faithful Commons in Parliament assembled:

That His Majesty’s faithful Commons, ever zealous to assist Him in maintaining the true Dignity of Pits Crown, by enabling Him to provide for the real SecV rity and Happiness of His People, find themselves com-

Ruud LiU.

hi the County of Surrei/, and of other Persons, whose pelled at this Juncture to express their anxious Solicitude,

that Interests of such important Concern may not be unadvisedly committed to the Chances and Calamities of a burthensome War:

To recommend to His Majesty’s most serious Attention the important Advantages which the Trade and Manufactures of this Countiy derive from their friendly and Commercial Intercourse with Russia, and

Tftirlon from Kingston,

kc. against - -

Kingston and Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, lhat the said Bill contains Provisions very prejudicial to the Interest of the Petitioners, particularly that Part of the Bill which takes off the Restrictions of the Trustees from erecting 0 Turnpike nearer to the Town of Kingston than Cobham: And therefore praying. That they may be

heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, the heavy Loss which would be sustained by any Inter-and that the same may not pass into a Law in its pre- ruption given to it:

sent form. To submit to His Majesty, that no Arrangement

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- respecting and its District does appear to this

posed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table House to be capable of affecting the Political or* until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that Commercial Interests of this Country, or to justify the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " and that the

Great Britain in any hostile Interference between Russia and The Porte:

To express our Reliance upon His Majesty’s Wisdorti and Justice, that the Peace and Tranquillity which this Countiy now enjoys shall not be interrupted for the Pur- Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, pose of adding any Increase of Territory to the Domi against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think nions of the King of Prussia:

" fit." Lastly, to represent to His Majesty, that under the

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

many

voted

Tellers for the Yeas Caicthorne, "1

icuers for the Yeas, Serjeant iVatson j

Tellers for the Nocs,|^Jr*

I.Mr. Lareu’:

IO9.

104.

Bill for the Letter Hc^u-Jution of Seamen in the Coasting Trade, reported*

So it was resolved in the Affirmati ve.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabley until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Thomas Pelham, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 46,

Burthens which this House has very recently in Addition to those before imposed on their Constituents, they should neither discharge their Duty to His Majesty, nor to the Public, if they did not use their best Endeavours to assure the Continuance of the Blessings of Peace, by offering to His Majesty their humble and earnest Advice, that His Majesty, in His Wisdom and Paternal Affection to His People, would be graciously pleased to decline all hostile Interference upon the Subject of the Fortress and District of Oczakcno, or for the Purpose of procuring any farther Acquisitions to the Dominions of the King of Prussia;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the [Sir James St. Clair Erskine,]

Yeas, \Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor:] 1 Tellers for the |Mr. Steele, 1

Noes, [Mr. Adams: j

So it passed in the Negative.

208.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the j*eP°^ whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the company^ several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the Revenue House upon the nth Day of April last, by Mr. Morton, Accounts from the Directors of the East India Company, be re- deferred*

ceived Tomorrow Morning.

O

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

8 A

642

26° Maiu

A. 1791*

An ingrossed' Bill for dividing and inclosing the Alccmbury

Norfolk Wool-combers Bill passed*

fovis, 26° die;

Anno 31' Georgii III‘" Regis, 1791.

PllAYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill more effectually to prevent Abuses and Frauds committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, in the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, and County of the said City, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of bury with Weston, in the County of , was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Arid that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of with

Weston, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Inclosure Bill passed.

Bonapaces Nat. Bill

passed.

An ingrossed Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing stoke and be, An Act more effectually to prevent Abuses and certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Draycott Frauds committed by Persons employed in the Manu- Stoke Moor, and Draycott Moor, within the Manor and I"'!0*11" factures of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, in the Parish of Rodney Stoke, in the County of Soma'set, was 1 p,us* ' County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, and County read the Third Time.

~ Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide

be, An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Stoke Moor, and Draycott Moor, within the Manor and Parish of Mr. John Pitt reported from the_ Committee, to Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Gamon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

of the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

reported, and whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled.

An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Bonapace, Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed

Ordered, That the Bill to enlarge the Term and Day for 3d, Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of Heading of

him to report the Bill to the House, without any his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of His present

1)0 delivered the J3lll in the er\ for oa rolatoo tn fha Dnar) frAm the Tomn nf _ .

Langton Inclosure Bill passed.

Amendment: And

Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Coro-mou Pastures, Lot Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish, Townships, or

Majesty, so far as relates to the Hoad from the Town of rou(j Bjj]_ Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Shectbridge, near Pe in the County of Southampton, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then

ingrossed.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, E v to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the incldure several Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Bill reported, and Common Pastures, commonly called Fields, within the Parish of Edingale, in the County of

Hamlets, of West Langton, East Langton, Thoipe Lang- Stafford, and the Parish of in the County of

ton, and Tur Langton, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lot Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, of West Langton, East Langton, Thorpe Langton, and ton, in the County of Leicester.

Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Birmingham Bridge Bill passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do cany the Bill to the Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him Lords, and desire their Concurrence. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render effectual, an Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then for re-building the Bridge over the River Rea, at the a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

widening the Avenues thereto, and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed, was read the Third Time.

Mr. Maimoaring reported from the Committee, to Finsbury Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title whom the Bill for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, pqu?'e be, An Act to amend, and render effectual, an Act of the watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finsbury Bfllreporurf. Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for re- Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County building the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury,

Birmingham,called Deritend Bridge, and widening Hie Avenues thereto, and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Lawley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

and certain other Streets and Places communicating with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing pr removing Nuisances and Annoyances within this same, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act

])e* River

Company’s Agreement Bill reported.

Reasons for disagreeing to Lords Amendment to the Fliin-well Vent Roai Dili.

31 Geo. III. 26° Mail

643

* Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the " Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passanes, and Courts, within the Parish of " Luke, in the County of and regulat-

" ing the Nightly Watch and Bedels, and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish," on Bella If of themselves and the rest of the Trustees, and also on Behalf of the Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dec, and certain Lords of Manors lying below, or to the South East of Greenfield Gate, in the County of Flint,on the South Side of the said River Dee, and other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons, and the Old Common Salt Marshes, lying on the South Side of the said River, and below, or to the South East of -held Gate aforesaid, and an Award made in Consequence thereof, and for erecting Part of the said Company’s Lands into a separate Township, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Stanley Massey, Esquire, John Nevitt Bennet Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Lords of Manors, and Owners of Lands, within the Hundred of IVirral, in the County of Chester, situate on the North Side of the Old Channel of the River Dee; and also, the Petition of the Lords of Manors, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Flint,

Whitford, and Ltanasaph, in the County of Flint; and also, the Petition of the Right honourable Richard Earl Givsvcnor, and Lloyd Lord Kenyon, and the humble Petition of Dame Mary and

others, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Parish of in the County of Flint,were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendment made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Fliirm elt I cin the County of Sussex,

through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Pa-

Vol. 46.

rishesof Sandhurst, Newenden, and , to in

the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Comer, in the said County of Sussex; and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with One of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane; That the Committee had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report ‘to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the Amendment made by your Lordships, in Press 9, Lines l and 2, which is, to leave out from " notwithstanding" to " And" in Line 26, the Commons cannot agree: Because,

This Clause was inserted in the Bill by the Com- tnons, in order to prevent Persons who gravel on the said Road with their Carriages evading the Payment of the Tolls, which they ought to be compelled to pay; and the Clause will affect only such Persons as purposely and fraudulently attempt to avoid the Payment thereof.

For these and other Reasons, which have induced the Commons to disagree to the said Amendment, and which other Reasons the Commons decline offer- ing at present, the Commons hope that your Lordships will not insist on the said Amendment, as the Loss of the Bill will, as the Commons apprehend, be attended with considerable Public Inconvenience.

The said Reasons being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Conference Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendment to l* Remade by their Lordships to the said Bill. 8ire<l-

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. The Lord* Spranger: have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Saint Chad'* for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty- Church Bill, ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop, and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery;" and for raising a further Sum of Money for fully effecting the general Purposes in the said Act mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bow* Road Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, Bill, of the Sixteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His preseut Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the county of,

and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An DarlyMoor Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, B°ad Bypassed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to,

in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Nylands In-Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, or Waste closure Bill. Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Nylands with Badcombe, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

The

644

26° Main

A. 1791.

Chippenham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act liiclosure for dividing, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, and Commonable Lands, within the Township of Chippenham, in the County of Cambridge;without any Amendment; And also,

Dudley Pav- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ing, &c. Bill. for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for better supplying the said Town with Water, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns

Counters Bridge and Isleworth Hoads Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Jennings, from Accounts of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Exchequer and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to B,1's for their Orders, g+Jg*

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills presented, issued for the Service of the Year 1784, exclusive of those charged on the Annual Land and Malt Duties:

And also.

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the Service of the Year 1785, exclusive of those charged on the Annual Land and Malt Duties:

And also,

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the Service of the Year 1786, exclusive of those charged on the Annual Land and Malt Duties.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

of Brentford and Hounslow to the Powder Mills in the Table, to be perused by the Members of I he House.

Road to Staines, and to Cranfoi'd Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Tedington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road near Smallbury Green Turnpike to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth afore- blishment of the Navy Pay Office,

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Dodd, from the Account of Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; Expence of and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account shewing the Expence of the new Esta-

Navy Pay Office presented.

said

The LordB have passed

Dicconson's Estate Bill.

Clowes Estate Bill;

said, and for lighting and watering Part of the Highways; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Es-

quire, and Mdiorahis Wife, and Edward Dicconson, Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, and at JVigan, Pen-wort ham, Coppul, Charnock, Richard, Croston, Wortking-ton, Burscough, and Dalton in , in the County of Lancaster,in Trustees, upon Trust to raise Money

by Sale or Mortgage thereof, and to apply the Monies so to be raised in the Purchase of an Estate at Parbold, in the said County of Lancaster, to be settled to the Uses of the settled Estates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Samuel Clowes, the Younger, Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, in himself, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in Lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same, and for enabling the said Samuel Clowes to grant Building Leases of the Estate hereby settled; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then die Messengers withdrew.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Prestwood, from Account of

Navy Debt presented.

Dicconson's Estate Bill read.

Clowes

Estate Bill read.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Dicconson,

Esquire, and Meliorahis Wife, and Dicconson,

Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, and at JVigan, Pen-wortham, Coppul, Charnock, Richard, Croslon, U^ortlung-ton, Burscough, and Dalton Furness, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, upon Trust to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage thereof, and to apply the Money so to be raised in the Purchase of an Estate at Parbold, in the said County of Lancaster, to be settled to the Uses of the settled Estates, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Samuel Clowes, the Younger, Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, in himself, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in Lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same, and for enabling the said Samuel Clowes to grant Building Leases of the Estate hereby settled, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Navy Debt, specifying the Amount of such Part of it as now bears Interest, as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. living, Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great relating to Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Fees^tXew-Orders, fouudland

An Account of the Fees allowed to be taken by the presented. Custom House of the Island of Newfoundland: And also,

Copy of a Report from the Commissioners of the Customs, of the 11 th of May 1790, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, relating to the lees of the Custom House at Newfoundland.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Committee, Duppa’s (Se-to whom the Bill to enable Baldwin Ilancorn, Esquire, Name and his first and other Sons, and their Issue Male, to Bl, J take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Dttppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, Esquire, _

7 deceased,

deceased, was committed; That the Commiftee had exa- An ingrossed Bill to render Persons convicted of Petty I.ar-

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Petty Larceny competent Witnesses, was read the ceny 'Vit*

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through Third Time. "Itled

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title P *

which they had directed him to report to the House; be, An Act to render Persons convicted of Petty Lar-

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- ceny competent Witnesses.

livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Ordered, That the Master of the Rolls do carry the Table: Where the Amendments were Once read Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ,be

ingrossed.

buppa’s (Ju- Sir Edward Knatch bull reported from the Committee, oior) Name whon, the Bill to enable Baldwin Duppa Hancorn, rep0 of HoUingboumc, in the County of Kait, Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuaut to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, late of Hollin^bourne aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, was committed; '1 hat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tire Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

BUI for Rego- An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation and ktioooof Sea- Government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade men in the of t^|s ](jncjdom> was read the Third Time.

Boom, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom.

Ordcnd, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lottery Bill An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain l»"Med* Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sura of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wine Licence An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to make OrTieereCoin- Compensation to the Officers of the late Wine Licence lui pwed Office for the Loss of their Offices, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to make Compensation to the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office for the Loss of their Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

C..«at and An ingrossed Bill for repealing certain Duties of Ex-sheep Skins cise upon Tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for paled. granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and also certain Duties of Customs on Tanned Goat Skins imported, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing certain Duties of Excise upon Tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and also certain Duties of Customs on Tanned Goat Skins imported.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vox.. 46.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported to the House, That he Conference had, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire desired with a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the Amend- ^endment nient, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, to"he nun-An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain well Vent Acis, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His Road ®*11» present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Elimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through

Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate, aforesaid to Corner, in the said County of Sussex, and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with One of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called White-bread Lane\ and that their Lordships will send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Mr. Hcmy Ilobart,according to Order, reported from Duke of Cla-

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill rence’s An-for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of £. 12,000 on His Royal Highness the Duke of Cla- r por e rence, during Pleasure, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, Lewes to whom the Bill for enlarging and extending the Market Bill Powers of the present Prescriptive Market within the reP°rUd< Town and Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and removing the same to a more convenient Place within the said Toum and Borough, or within the Precinct of the Castle of Lewes aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to »n Clerks of consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Assize Bill> intituled, An Act for regulating the Offices of Clerks of Assize, Associates, and Clerks of Indictments, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

8 B Mr.

646

26° Mail.

A. 1791.

Bill respecting Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus, &c. presented.

Mr. John Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

OrderedThat the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fox presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs " of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of " a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; and for the more easy tiding and determining the Rights

the Bill, in Fo. 31. 1. ult. by leaving out from the Beginning of the Clause to the Blank in Fo. 32. 1. 12.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then iDgrossed.

Ordered\That the Order of the Day, for the Third Siena Lew Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for establishing a Seutannit Company for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom 1 of Great Britain and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to

hold, by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa,

African Slave Bill presented.

" of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Bo- certain District of Land, commonly called The " roughsAnd the same was received; and read the sula Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or

belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bills of Exchange, Ac. Duty Bill reported

And the same was received; and read

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves " in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Receipts upon Bank Bills or Notes, and Letters acknowledging the safe Arrival of Bills, and also Receipts for Drawbacks or Bounties.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing unstamped Receipts to be stamped if brought to the Office within a certain Time.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks;

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Seal Skins from the Committee of the whole House, to whom bnportati<w the Bill to allow the Importation of Seal Skins cured 1 rtfl° with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: '

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Gaab deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Bill for better resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating of Gaols, and other Places of Confinement, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commute* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing a Court of Civil Juris- judicature diction in the Island of Newfoundland, for a Time to Bill, be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Merchants and others concerned Petition from in the Neztfoundland Fisheries and Trade, resident in Bnsto1

the Port of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Newfoundland Fishery has been one of the most valuable Branches of Trade to this Kingdom, not only from the vast Sums of Money Annually produced therefrom, which has

against D* Bill.

which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the principally been the Means of paying for the Imports Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be from Portugal, Spain, and Italy, but of breeding up

made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Persons from Penalties for accepting unstamped Receipts, if afterwards brought to be stamped, and the Duties paid.

many Thousand Men to the Support of the Maritime Power of this Kingdom, and tire Fishery is an Adventure of certain Expence, but very uncertain Returns, and, without the greatest Industry and Success, it cannot be continued; and that, under an Act passed

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the for its Encouragement in the Reign of King William

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to

the Third, it flourished and increased, but Laws and Regulations have since been made, and many Restrictions laid, which have proved very detrimental to the said Fishery; that the Custom House, Courts of Vice Admiralty, and Common Pleas, have very much 8 tended

Committee on New- ou nH land Judicature Bill.

West India Trade, and Jamaica, &c. Free Port Bill reported.

31 Geo. III. 26° M 647

tended to harrass and interrupt the Fisheries, calling 11 is Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in Men from their Duty, creating Suits between Persons, The I Test Indies-, and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-encouraging Idleness, and loading Parties with heavy seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for allow-Court Charges, even when Penalties have not been ing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, incurred, without answering any one good Purpose; Wares* and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, that the Salaries paid to different Officers is a heavy Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Burthen on this Country, as no Revenue can, or ever in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in has been, received to answer the same; and that, not* the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the

withstanding these Grievances, the Petitioners observe with great Concern a Bill brought into the House to establish a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in Saint John's, which they conceive will be the effectual Means of destroying that valuable Trade, as such will have Authority to call Men from their Employments, perhaps at a Time when tire Welfare of their Voyage may be at Stake; that the Trade has been very seriously injured, and its Decline has been very rapid; Merchants have become Bankrupts, and Boat-keepers become Servants, and many for Want of Employment remain idle at Home; and, without a Removal of their Grievances, and further Encouragements given, the Fishery must dwindle away, and be totally lost to this Country; and, that the Fisheries are variously situated, and that should any Man be liable to be summoned to Saint Johns, Ruin will be certain, and if not liable, the Hardships will be partial ou the Inhabitants, &c. of Saint Johns; should there be a deputed Power to each Harbour, the Number of Officers must be greatly increased, and Injuries accumulated, and Judgment left, not with a Jury, but with a Deputy Judge; and the Petitioners, from Experience, are of Opinion, that nothing but the Laws passed under the Reign of King William the Third, with some further Encouragements, can restore the Fishery to its wonted Greatness: And therefore praying, That the House will closely examine the Returns Annually sent Home to Government for Years past, and thereby ascertain the Value of the Fishery, observe the Number of Men employed in and about the Fishery, and the evident Decrease for a few Years past, and that they will also examine into the Number of Officers stationed on the Island of NeuJ'oundland,the Salaries paid them, and

compare such with the Revenue collected, and they conceive the House will immediately see the Inutility of the Regulations since the Act of King William the Third, the Difficulties under which the Fishery labours, and the Necessity, not only of preventing the Bill now before the House passing into a Law, but of repealing all the Acts complained of, remove the Customs and other Revenue Officers, leaving it on the free State on which alone the Petitioners conceive, and are convinced, that most valuable Branch of all the British Commerce can be retained and flourish.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between Vol. 4S.

Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Salt Petre from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Duties Bill the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been reIx>rted‘ concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, a certain Order of Council respecting the Importation of a limited Quantity of Salt Petre, for repealing the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Salt Petre, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered\That the Order of the Day, for taking Poor Bill put into further Consideration the Report which was made for 3 from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, 0llt 5* amend, and render more effectual, the Laws in being for the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word "now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TeUersfor.be Yeas.

Tellers for the Noes -f ^orc^ Sheffield, \

1 ellers for the JN oes, j Mr Aldridg J 43’

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon this Day Three Months " be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Report on East India Company’s Revenue Accounts.

648 26° Maii. , 1791;

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said BiH be read u Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House, upon the nth Day of April last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the

East India Company, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, from 1787-8 to 1789-90, both inclusive, to the Sum of Five Crore, Forty-five Lacks, Forty-one thousand and Sixty-seven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces 6f Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude,under the same Heads which were estimated for the Year 1789-90 to amount to Five Crore, Sixty Lacks, Ninety-three thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-one Current Rupees, amounted to Five Crore, Sixty-two Lacks, Six thousand Five hundred and Sixty-two Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, which were estimated for the Year 1789-90 at Three Crore, Sixteen Lacks, Twenty-six thousand Twq hundred and Seventy Current Rupees, amounted to Three Crore, Twelve Lacks, One thousand Four hundred and Eighty-six Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and from Benares and Oude,under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1790-91, ajre estimated by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Five Crore, Twenty-two Lacks, Thirty-nine thousand Four hundred and Twenty-seven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, ' Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1790-91, are estimated by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Three Crore, Eighteen Lacks, Thirty-two thousand Two hundred and Seventeen Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy of the

Nabob of A root, and Rajah of Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, amounted on an Average of Three Years, 1787-8 to 1789-90, both inclusive, to the Sum of Thirty-one Lacks, Sixty-three thousand Three hundred and Ninety-four Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads aforesaid, which were estimated to amount to Thirty-four Lacks, Ninety thousand Three hundred and Sixty Star Pagodas, amounted to Thirty-one Lacks, Thirty-nine thousand Five hundred and Nineteen Star Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, which were estimated for the Year 1789-90, to amount to Thirty-seven Lacks, Seventy-one thousand Three hundred and Sixty Pagodas, amounted to Forty-three Lacks, Forty-seven thousand Five hundred and Thirty-seven Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads aforesaid, for the Year 1700-91, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Madras, to amount to the Sum of Forty-four Lacks, Fifteen thousand Nine hundred and Forty-one Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to -this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the said Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for the Year 1790-91, are estimated, by the Governor and Council at Madras, to amount to the Sum of Sixty-three Lacks, Seventy-one thousand Four hundred and Thirty-eight Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the . India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms and Licences, upon an Average of Three Years, from 1787-8 to 1789-90, amounted to the Sum of Thirteen Lacks, Eight thousand Three hundred and Fourteen Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads aforesaid, which were estimated for the Year 1789-90 to amount to Eleven Lacks, Ninety-pne thousand Six hundred and Twenty-seven Bombay Rupees, amounted to Fourteen Lacks, Forty-two thousand Four hundred and Five Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, Which were estimated for the Year 1789-90 to amount to Forty-nine Lacks, Two thousand Six hundred and Seventy-six Bombay Rupees, amounted to Forty-eight Lacks, Two thousand Six hundred and Eighty-five Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms and Licences, for the Year

*79°*91»

All-hoose-kef pc rs, Ac.

Licensing Bill deferred,

Felony Re wards Bill deferred.

Report respecting Ramsgate Harbour XP be printed.

SI Geo. III. 27°

649

j 790-91, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bombay, at the Sum of Twenty-two Lacks, Ninety-six thousand Three hundred and Sixteen Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the Year 1790-91, are estimated nt Sixty-seven Lacks, Ninety-six thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-three Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, from 17SG-7 to 1788-9, both inclusive, to Thirteen thousand and Forty-four Dollars.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Total Debts owing by the East India Company in their different Settlements in The East Indies, exclusive of the Sums for which Rills have been granted, payable on the Court of Directors at Home, in pursuance of their Orders of the 15th Day of September 1785, and 31st Day of July 1787, amounted, according to the latest Accounts of the whole Debt received in England, to the Sum of Six Crore, Eighty-seven Lacks, Eighty-five thousand and Seventy-seven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Total of the Debts owing by the East India Company in their different Settlements in The East Indies, bearing Interest, amounted on the 30th Day of 1790, to the Sum of Five Crore, Forty Lacks, Sixty-nine thousand Three hundred and Fifty-seven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Amount of Interest payable on the said Debts in India, was Forty-four Lacks, Seventy-one thousand and Sixty-six Current Rupees.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-housekeepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, 'That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of Felony, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Report which, upon the 19th Day of this Instant May, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into. the Manner in which an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and " preserving, the Haven of Sandwich," has beep car-Vol. 46.

ried into Execution, what Rates and Duties have been imposed, and w hat Sums of Money have been collected by virtue thereof, and to what Purposes such Money has been applied, and to report the same, with their Observations thereupon, to the House, together with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of John Coryton, of the Borough of Petition r®*

Forney,in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, Thomas e

Graham,of the same Place, Esquire, Henry Hawkins chusing the Tremayne, of Helligan, in the same County, Clerk, Returning and John Rashleigh, of Penquite, in the same County, for Esquire, Persons who have a Right to choose, nomi- owey‘ nate, and appoint, the Returning Officer for 'the said Borough, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Set* ting forth, That it appears to the Petitioners, by the Votes of the House, of the 7th Day of March last, that the Select Committee of this House who w>ere appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of the Honourable Richard Edgcwnbe, commonly called Lord Valletort, and Philip Rashleigh,

Esquire, then before the House, and also another Petition of the Right honourable Molyn Lord Shuldham, and Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Bath, and also, another Petition of John Rashleigh, Richard Hemtah,

Samuel Nicolls, Nevil Norway, and Benjamin Bloomfield, of Fowey,in the County of Cornwall aforesaid, being

Persons who had a Right to vote at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on Behalf of themselves and others, who were at the said Election lawful Electors for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, did report to the House, That the Merits of the Petitions did in Part depend upon the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer, who was to make Return of such Election, and that thereupon the said Select Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk or the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer for the said Borough, for which they respectively contended:

That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the Petitioners, Lord Shuldham and Sir Ralph Payne, delivered in a Statement as follows — " The Portreeve " is the Returning Officer at Elections to serve in " Parliament for the Borough of Fowey; the Portreeve for the said Borough is chosen or presented by " the Homage at a Court holden for the said Manor " of Fowey, usually soon after Michaelmas, by the " Steward or the Deputy Steward of the Prince of " Wales, Lord of the said Borough and Manor, in " Right of his Dutchy of Cornwall; " that the Counsel for the said Petitioners, Lord Valletort and Philip Rashleigh, and also for the said Petitioners, John Rasji-leigh, Richard Hennah, Samuel Nicolls, Nevil Norway, and Benjamin Bloomfield, on Behalf of themselves and others, delivered in a Statement as follows — " The " Persons entitled to elect the Portreeve of the Borough " of Fowey are those who are capable of holding that " Office, that is, such Prince’s Tenants only as have " been duly admitted on the Court Rolls of the Manor of the said Borough, and have done their " Fealty; and such Persons only are duly admitted " whose Lands were antiently and continue to be,

" held immediately of the Duke of Cornwall, as Parcel of his said Manor of the said Borough, and " whose Titles to those Lands have been presented at " a Court Baron by a Sworn Homage, or a Jury of the Freeholders of the said ‘Borough;’’ that the said Select Committee had duly considered of the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them, touching the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing, the Returning Officer for the said Borough

8 Cof.

26* — 27° Mail A. 1791.

of Fowaf, and had determined; " That die Portreeve " of the Borough of Fowey, is the Returning Officer " for the said Borough; and that it is necessary that " such Returning Officer should, be chosen or preseated by a Homage or Jury of Princes Tenants, duly, admitted on the Court Rolls of the Manor of the said Borough; and that Prince's " Tenants, admitted by the Steward or Deputy Stewaid, at a Court holden in the said Manor, are duly " admitted; and that the Presentment of the Homage is not necessary to such Admission;" and that the Petitioners, conceive themselves to be greatly aggrieved by such Determination of the said Select Committee: And therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to oppose that Right of chusr ing, nominating, and appointing, the Returning Of* ficer of the said Borough, who is to make Return of Members.elected: for the said Borough, which has been deemed valid; in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and so reported'by them as aforesaid to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upoo Saturdayi the 27th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such. Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Fowey, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 27# die Anno 31* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1791.

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Ludford, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John 'Fhorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. The Lords Spranger: have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Edinburgh Act for building and maintaining a Bridewell and Cor- Gaols Blil-rection House in and for the City and County of Edinburgh; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords for amending and rendering effectual the Power of have Passed-Sale contained in the Marriage Settlement of Sir Jacob nii[ rri,ating Wolff, Baronet, and Dame Anne, his Wife, so far as ^arV"a!L8 such Power relates to, or extends over, the Manor of settlmtut. Chumleigh, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Southampton, which have been settled to the Uses therein limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Bill to «n-empower Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, and his Issue Power

Male, and also the several Tenants for Life under the Will of the Duke of Kingston and their respective Issue j^"nt Build! Male, to grant Building Leases; to which the Lords ing Leases, desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill relating for amending and rendering effectual the Power of Sale *

contained in the Marriage Settlement of Sir Jacob settlement Wolff, Baronet, and Dame Anne, his Wife, so far as read, such Power relates to, or extends over, the Manor of Chumleigh, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Southampton, which have been settled to the Uses therein limited, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act Bill to em-to empower Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, and his Issue {^"pierre* Male, and also the several Tenants for Life under the *

Will of the Duke of Kingston, and their respective to grout Issue Male, to grant Building Leases, was read the Boiiding First Time. thread.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ludford Inclosure Bill passed.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Ludford, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time,

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 55. 1. 27. After " inclosed" to insert " or exonerated from Tythes."

1. alt. To leave out from the First " the" to the Second " to," in Pr. 56. 1. 2. and insert Shares, Interests, and " Properties of the respective Proprietors in the Lands and " Grounds to be divided and inclosed, or exonerated from " Tythes as aforesaid," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr. House, do go with the Mace into the Lobby, and Hasti,$8-Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordaxd, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, . if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire,

were

Servant* Character* Bill passed.

Staines Bridge Bill ptissud.

Hounslow Heath and Basingstone Road Bill passed.

Abemant and Neath Canal Bill passed.

Edingale I Reinsure Bill parsed.'

were called over: And they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itselfintoa Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

An in grossed Bill to prevent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the forging and counterfeiting Certificates of Servants Characters.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge, cross the River Thames,from Staines to Egham, in the Counties

of Middlesex and Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge, cross the River Thames, from Staines to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Maim'uringdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of

n n

Three Acts, made in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basing-stone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windle-sham, in the County of Surrey, and for maintaining and repairing Egham Causeway, in the said County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, made in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basing-stone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, and for maintaining and retiring Egham Caus, in the said County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Mairrwar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Canal, or Navigable Communication, from or near a certain Place called Abemant, in the County of Glamorgan, to and through a certain Place called The Bnckjicld, near Melincrythan Pill, into the River of

Neath, near the Town of Neath, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Canal, or Navigable Communication, from or near a certain Place called Abcrnant,in the County of Glamorgan, to and through a certain Place called The Brickfield, near Melincrythan Pill, ioto the River of Neath, near the Town of Neath, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures,- commonly called Edingale

Vox.. 46.

Fields, within the Parish of Edingale, in the County of Stafford, and the Parish of Croxall, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, commonly called Edingale Fields, within the Parish of Edingale, in the County of Stafford, and the Parish of Croxall, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for widening, improving, regulating, Maidstone paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, ^ving, he. Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Bl *>dSse King’s Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for better supplying the said Town with Water; and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for widening, improving, rpgulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the King’s Town of Maidstone, in the County of Ken; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for better supplying the said Town with Water; and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone.

Ordered, That Mr. Bloxam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of , in

in the County of Warwick;without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and repairing, the Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Rood from The Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether Tabley, in the said County, and for turning ard exchanging Part of the said Road; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster

w 1 7

Hall: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships do agree to a Conference with this House, on the Subject Matter of the Amendment, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from ElimwcllVent, in the County of Sussex, through

Ilighgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Comer, in the said County of Sussex, and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating

with

The Lords have agreed to

Stockton Inclosure Bill*

South Mim* Road Bill.

Macclesfield Road Bill.

Mr. Hastings's Trial.

The Lords agree to a Conference on Flirawell Vent Road Bill.

27° M

A. 1791.

with One of the Roads comprised in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane; and appoint the same presently in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Managers Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed

appointed, to draw up Reasons to be offered to the Lords, at a

Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendment made by their Lordships to the said Bill, do manage the Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Conference Mr. Thomas Pelham reported, That the Managers had reported. been at the Conference, which was managed by the Duke of Richmond, on the Part of the Lords: And that they had delivered to the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the Amendment made by their Lordships to the said Bill; and had left the Bill, and Amendment, with their Lordships.

sd Report Mr. James Martin reported from the Committee, respecting appointed to consider of the best Method for regu-

theTempera- lating the Temperature of the Air in the House of

Air in tie Commons, and who were instructed to take into Con-

House. sideration other Accommodations for the House, and

to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to

the Houseu That the Committee had made a further Progress in tire Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and *- he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, in further Prosecution of the Matters to them referred, called before them Mr.

France, who produced to your Committee an Estimate of the Expence of covering the Seats of the House with Green Morocco dressed Leather, as mentioned in their former Report, amounting to the Sum of 185; which

Estimate is hereunto annexed: And your Committee are of Opinion, That it is expedient that the necessary Orders should be immediately given for carrying the said Mea- , sure into Execution.

London, 19 th May 1791.

Estimate for ripping and new covering One Side of all the Cushions in the Body of the House of Commons.

<$ Beckwith and France, Upholders and Cabinet Makers, N° 101, Great Saint Martins Lane; viz'.

Ripping entirely all the Cushions in the Body of the House of Commons, 56 in Number, containing 556 Feet; dressing all the old Hair; re-making them entirely; using the Green Cloth for the Under Side, the Upper Side covered with fine Green Leather, finished with Silk Quilts, &c.: Fixing all the Cushions with Hooks and Eyes, and the Falls to the Seats. All Materials included, complete, is estimated at about the Sum of One hundred and Eighty-five Pounds.

For Partner and Self,

tVm France.

Address Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

thereupon. His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that the several Alterations in the House of Commons, mentioned in the said Report, be carried into Effect.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Report be humbly laid before His Majesty, at the same Time with the said Address.

Sunderland Mr. Milbanke reported from the Committee, to Poor Bill whom the Bill for the better Maintenance and Support

reported. vr

of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the v

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Hope and to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, Houston and draining, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within DrainageBiU the Manor of Hope, in the County of , Flint, and also a reported, certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground in the Townships of Lower Kinnerton and within the

Manor and Parish of Dodleston, in the County of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates, of the Annual Value of £. 598. 15 s. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates, of the Annual Value of £.212. 6 s. who were applied to, but gave no Answer; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is of the Annual Value of £. 7,623. 2 s.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cawthorne reported from the Committee, to Lincoln whom the Bill for paving the Footways of certain Paving Bill Streets within the City of Lincoln; for cleansing, light- r'Porlfd* ing, and watching the said Streets, and other Streets,

Lanes, and Public Passages and Places, within the said City, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Merchants, and principal Petition from Inhabitants, of the City of Bristol, was presented to the 7e' House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners com jfegu* observe, by the Resolutions of the Committee ap- lation Bill. pointed to prepare a Bill for regulating the Export 1

and Import of Corn, that Fifty-two Shillings per Quarter is the Price fixed on Middling British Wheat before Wheat can be admitted to an Entry (at the Low

Duties)

27° Mail

653

King's Bench

Debtors Petition.

Duties) from Ireland, and the Province of Canada, and Fifty-four Shillings per Quarter from all other Parts of the World, and that Twenty-six Shillings per Quarter is the Price fixed on Middling British Barley before Barley can be admitted to an F.ntry (at the Low Duties) from Ireland and the Province of , and Twenty-seven Shillings per Quarter from all other Parts of the World, and that Oats, Beans, &c. are fixed at such Prices as, the Petitioners apprehend, will nearly amount to a Prohibition; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to state to the House, that the Western Part of the Kingdom does not grow Com sufficient for the Consumption of its Inhabitants, and that the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, Monmouth, and Somerset, Part of Warwickshire and Staffordshire, the South Part of JValcs, the North Parts of Devon, Cornu 'all, Wiltshire, and a Part of Oxfordshire, all

de|)cnd on the Port of Bristol for a Supply of Foreign Grain in Times of Scarcity; and, to illustrate this Fact, they think proper to mention, that, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, 526,623 Bushels of Wheat, and 56,000 Barrels of Flour, were imported into Bristol chiefly from America, which was consumed in the said City, and the Counties above mentioned; and they beg Leave to state to the House, that the great Body of Labourers and Artificers, employed in the numerous Manufactories carried on in various Parts of this Kingdom, cannot afford to purchase Bread for the Support of their Families when Middling Wheat is at Fifty-four Shillings per Quarter, as at such Times the best Wheat will in general be at least Sixty Shillings per Quarter, and they conceive that the Measures proposed to be adopted by the present Bill, will not encourage the Growth of Wheat in this Country, as the high Price of every other Produce of the Land will prevent the Farmer from converting his Pasture Ground into Arable: And therefore praying, That the House will not permit the said Resolutions of the Committee to pass into a Law, but that they will see the Necessity of letting the Prices of Wheat, Barley, Beans, Oats, &c. remain as they now are, and of extending the Time for the Importation of Foreign Grain from Three to Four Months (a Period scarcely sufficient for a Voyage to and from America) and will permit the same, when not admissible at the Low Duties, to be Warehoused, which the Petitioners trust and believe will be the only certain Means to keep the Price of Bread, in Times or Scarcity, within the Reach of the labouring Poor, for without a Supply in Reserve we may be in the utmost Danger of Want from a bad Harvest, for, should such happen in England, it may reasonably be concluded such would happen in Ireland, and, before a Supply can be obtained from Foreign Parts, we may experience a Want bordering on Famine, and see the Poor in Tumults throughout the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported, be read the Third Time.

A Petition of some of the Debtors in the King’s Bench Prison, for themselves and other Prisoners for Debt, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having been Witnesses, within the Walls of the said Prison, of the Attention of the House to the Situation of the most miserable of His Majesty’s Subjects, they would have had nothing to ask but what die Wisdom of Parliament hath directed to be done for its own Information, but, feeling the Weight of their complicated Sufferings, and dreading the Effects of another Summer’s Confinement, as full of Danger to their Lives, they are pressed, by all the Motives of their Preservation from Death itself, to implore of the House One Day’s Attention to

V«l. 4-6.

the Evidence which the Diligence of the Committee may have already discovered, wkh the Hope that it may be found such as will induce this House to exercise its Wisdom and Justice in providing for the Relief of the Prisons, by a Law to authorize the Appointment of such Commissioners or Magistrates, before the Rising of Parliament, as may proceed to investigate the Cases of Prisoners, and discharge such as shall be found rn Confinement contrary to all Rules of Justice, after those by whom they are confined have been heard against them, with such whose Length of Confinement, extreme Poverty and Sufferings, and whose utmost Tenders of Amends to their Creditors, may call for their Discharge from a strict and equitable Administration of Justice.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Stanley, according to Order, reported from Clerk* of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the in- Assize Bill grossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for re- reported' gulating the Offices of Clerks of Assize, Associates, and Clerks of Indictments, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; tnd are as followeth; vis.

Pr. 1. 1. 25. Leave out " such," and Insert " any."

1. 29. Leave out from " Circuit" to the End of Line 34, and insert " and " every such Appointment of a " Clerk of Assize shall be during " such Time as he shall well behave himself in such Office, and " no longer."

1. 34. Insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it

" Enacted, That every Clerk " of As size hereafter to be appointed, shall be subject and " liable to be amoved from " his Office by the Judges of " England, or the major Part of " them, in pase of any such " Neglect of Duty, or any such " Misbehaviour in his Office, as " the said Judges, or the major " Part of them, shall think sufficient Cause for such Amoval,

" upon any Complaint in Writing made against such Officer " to the said Judges in a summary " Way."

Pr. 2. 1. 2. After " by" insert " them or."

1. 3. Leave out from " of" to " or" in Line 4, and insert " them."

1. 8. Leave out " and Wales."

1. 21. Leave out from " shall" to the End of the Bill, and insert " not be " saleable, but the same shall be " in the free Gift and Disposition " of the Senior Judge of the Circuit on which the said Office " shall become vacant; and every " such Appointment shall be made,

" held, enjoyed, surrendered, and " avoided in such and the same " Manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Office " of Clerk of Assize."

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 1.1. 29, being read a Second

8 D Time,

27° Mail.

A. 1791

Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words " and no " longer."

And the Question being put, That the Words " and no longer" stand Part of the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth: viz.

Pr. l. 1. 29. Leave out from " Circuit" to the End of Line 34, and insert " and " every such Appointment of a " Clerk of Assize shall be during " such Time as he shall well behave " himself in such Office."

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 1. 1. 25. After " Vacancy" to insert " of " such Office."

Pr. 2. 1. 4. After " or"' to insert " otherwise." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Tim% vpomMonday Morning next

142.

Angelo

61.

Motion relative to the Royal Burghs of Scotland. Neg.

Resolution

thereupon.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the several Petitions, and other Accounts and Papers, presented to this House in the last Parliament, relative to the internal Government of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, early in the next Session of Parliament, take into Consideration the Matter of the Petitions, and other Papers, presented to this House in the last Parliament, relating to the internal Government of the Royal Burghs in Scotland.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for thp Yeas J^r‘ , ")

tellers for the Yeas, J

(Mr. Sheridan,

Mr. Michael Taylor:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to represent to His Majesty, that Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, is now on his Trial upon Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by the Commons of Great Britain; that, by Reason of several Prorogations, and a Dissolution of Parliament, the Trial hath already lasted Four Years, but is now, on the Part of the Prosecution, nearly finished: To the End, therefore, that as speedy Justice may be obtained as the Nature of the Case will admit, His Majesty’s faithful Commons, anxious to discharge their Duty according to the true Principles of the Constitution, beg Leave to express their Hopes that no further Interruption may take Place in the Proceedings on the said Trial; and that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to continue this Session of Parliament, until the Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution shall be finally closed, and Mr. Hastings's Defence hath been heard, and Judgment given;

It passed in the Negative.

Petit

Mi

k.

Con

Uio

Motion for Address respecting Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

Neg.

was made, and the Question being pro-humble Address be presented to His

an

A Motion posed, That

Majesty, to represent to His Majesty, that Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, is now on his Trial upon Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by the Commons of Great Britain; that, by Reason of several Prorogations, and a

Dissolution of Parliament, the Trial hath already lasted Four Years, but is now, on the Part of the Prosecution, nearly fiuished: To the End, therefore, that as speedy Justice -may be obtained as the Nature of the Case will admit, His Majesty’s faithful Commons, anxious to discharge their Duty according to the true Principles of the Constitution, beg Leave to express their Hopes that no further Interruption may take Place in the Proceedings on the said Trial; and that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to continue this Session of Parliament, until the Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution shall be finally closed, and Mr. Hastings's Defence hath been heard, and Judgment given.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Words " express their " Hopes that" to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words, " His Majesty will be graciously pleased to continue the present Session of " Parliament, for the Purpose of concluding the said " Trial, or making such further Progress in the same as may give a reasonable Probability of its being " brought to a Termination early in the next Spssjon, instead thereof.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Ad- Addres. for dress be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that such Medi- *[*e cal Assistance may be provided for the Prisoners con- in the King'i fined in the Prisons of the King’s Bench and the Fleet, BMlch and such other Arrangements may be taken for the HeetPnsum. Preservation of the Health of the said Prisoners, as the Circumstances of their Situation shall require; and that this House will make good the Expence of the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bills of Ex-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory p^6jd_ Notes, and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 24. To leave out from " notwithstanding" to " And," in Pr. 21,

1. 21.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes,

Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Hairy Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Order for 3d Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for regulating the 5ead,j!gol Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment tionBiT of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported;

A Petition

Petition from Innholders, &c. against Com Regulation Bill.

Com Regu-lotion BUI p««4-

655

A Petition of several Innholders, Coachmasters, and Livery Stable Keepers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Consumers of Oats within the Cities of London and Jrest-minster, and the County of , was presented to

the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners humbly conceive, that the shortening the Term, and lessening the Number of Weekly Accounts, from or upon which the Average Prices of Foreign Oats are, by an Amendment to the Act, directed to be found and computed, will in a great Measure put a Stop to the importation of Foreign Oats, and be a Means of greatly enhancing the Price of Oats, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of to the very great

Injury of the Petitioners and the Public: And therefore praying. That they may be h >ard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Purls of the said Bill as shall ap;x_*ar to be injurious to them and the Public, and may have such Relief as the House shall think lit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for Warehousing Corn, and allowing the same to be taken out, on Payment of certain Duties.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Alderman IVal-

Tcllers for the Yeas,| son,

[Mr. Brandling:

Tellers for the Noe, T.hm'm

’fMr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Clause was accordingly read a Second Time, and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for permitting the Exportation of Malt made and declared for Exportation before a certain Time.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, allowing the Re-exportation of Foreign Coni imported and Warehoused in the Manner directed by the Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that no Prosecution shall be commenced in the King’s Courts, where Jurisdiction is given to Justices of the Peace.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereujxm, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 19. After " taken" to insert " Quarterly."

Pr. 70, 1. 11. To leave out " Oats excepted."

1. 14. To leave out from " District" to " an," in Line 21.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill"was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Importation and Expor-

Vol. 46.

81.

- 5>-

tation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House w ill, at the Rising of the House to House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Bill to remove Doubt9 respecting the Rights and Bill respect-Functions of Juries in Criminal Cases, was, according ,2l’>e to Order, read a Second Time. of Juries in

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Criminal

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Cases com-of the whole House. muted. *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill re:pect-Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made !nS Pr°ce«d-in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon mu5> &c.

" Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature committed.

" of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; and " for the more easy trying and determining the Rights " of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and " Boroughs," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was lead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Felony to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Rewards Bill upon the Bill to regulate the Distribution of Rewards deferred-in Cases of Felony, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself in the said Committee,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion to That the House do now adjourn; adjourn.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,-[J£ " } 17.

Tellers for the j 58.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Sierra Leona Reading of the ingrossed Bill for establishing a Com- ge-t.|1!;nJent . pany for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Bl *rrr< ' Great Britain and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Lend, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Priuces, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract* Extracts of a Letter of Colonel Fullarton, late relative to Commander in Chief of the Southern Army, to Lord Arrears of Macartney, and Select Committee of Port Saint George,

dated

1

656 27° — 30° Mali. 1791.

dated 7 th Jamary 1785, containing such Parts of the stud Letter as relate to the Arrears of the Troops, and the Mode of Payment.

Duke of The Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling His Majesty Clarence’s to settle an Annuity of £. 12,000 on His Royal High-patted.11 ness Duke of Cla, during Pleasure, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of £.12,000 on His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newfound- Mr. Hemy Hobart, according to Order, reported land Judica- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the tUr* "1 Bill for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in

*por the Island of Newfoundland, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, pursuant to PaP*r. their Address to His Majesty, respecting

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of the Cession of a plated."*’ " Territory on the Banks of the River Sierra Leona,

" for the Accommodation of the Black Poor, nth " June 1787."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ale-house-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole &c-

House, upon the Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, b!u dlfemd. made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-housekeepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also, of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

African A Bill to continue, for a limited Time, and to

Slave Bill amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

committed, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, for a " limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British " Vessels from the Coast of ," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill for ^6 Order of the Day being read, for the House to

better regu- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lating Gaols upon the Bill for the better regulating of Gaols, and deferred. other Places of Confinement;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Hallamshire Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Cutlers Bill whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Govem-reported, and ment of the Company of Cutlers, within the liberties re-commi - Hallamshire,in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberties, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, was referred; That the Committee had considered the stud Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be troe; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

Luna, 30* die Maii;

Anno 31* Georgii III® Regis, 1791*

Praters.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Air. Graces: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ravee’s Act for naturalizing Anthony Ravee; without any Nat Bill> Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Nettleton In-Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open closure Bill, and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Nettleton, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dunham Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, F*rryRuai passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Cl Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham-, without any* Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bromywd Act for more effectually repairing several Roads lead- Road* ing from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads adjoining thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords" have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tittensor Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Road* passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing " into One Act of Parliament the several Laws now

" in

31 Gko. III.

30° M

657

Second Expiring Laws Bill.

Keel*, &c. Re-ad measurement Bill.

in Force for repairing the Road leading from the House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and " Town or Village of Tittensor to the most Northern the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

" Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the And he went accordingly; and returned.

" ('onntv of Stafford;and for repairing the Road That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

" noin Darlas tone Bridge, over Tittensor Heath, through House, do go into the Places appointed for the Mem-

" the Town or Village of Tittensor aforesaid ;w and bers of this House in H estminster Hall, and clear the for making and keeping in Repair a Road branch- same of all Strangers, and summon the Members ing out of the said Turnpike Road, near the House there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to known by the Sign of The Black Lion, to or nearly to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, Shelton 11'liarfall in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, the said County of Stafford; without any Amendment: who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately

And also, into his Custody.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An And he went accordingly.

Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, And being returned, he reported, That there was no

so far as relates to th^ ascertaining the Strength of Person in the said Places or Passages.

Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; without any Amend- And the Names of the Members, appointed to be inent: And also, Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An were called over; and they went to the Places in West-Act to prevent Keels, Pan Keels and Pan Boats, and minster Hall appointed for them, other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the Then the House resolved itself into a Committee

Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone of the whole House, in order to be present at the said any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, Trial.

Ships Mooring Bill.

re-admeasured, marked, and nailed; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent other Ships than those laden with Tobacco, from Mooring and discharging their Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties on

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Italian Silk Crapes, \c.

BilL

Bill for raising a Sum by lean's t»r Exchequer Bills.

AfricanSluve' Bill withdrawn, and another ordered.

Sir John Morshead reported from the Committee, to " Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An reported,’and " Lieu thereof; to prohibit the Exportation of da- Act for enabling Trustees to grant Leases of Part of passed, maged, or mean Tobacco; and for permitting the Im- the Estates of Susanna Am Treffry Dormer, and Jane portation of Tobacco and Snuff into the Port of New-Treffry Dormer, Infants, and to invest the Monies aris-aistle upon Tyne; without any Amendment: And also, ing from the Leases to be granted on Fines in the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Purchase of Real Estates to be settled to the subsisting Act to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain/ of Uses of the Estates so to be leased, was committed;

Silk Crapes and Titlanies, of the Manufacture of Italy, That the' Committee had examined the Allegations of unless broi.iiit directly from thence; without any the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Amendment: And also, Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Public Expences oc- House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the

----- ‘ ~ Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Morshead do carry the Bill to the Lords; and- acquaint them, that this House hath Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House agreed to the same, without any Amendment, to rcsolve^itself into a Committee of the whole House,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hustler's and for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between Thomas Hustler, Esquire, and Richard committed. William Esquire, of the Manor and Mansion

' ml O I

casioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty’s Forces in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

upon the Bill to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, for a " limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British House of Acklam, in the North Riding of the County " Vessels from the Coast of Africa," be now read. of York, and of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, And the said Order being read accordingly; Tythes, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Acklam

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. and Middlesbrough, and in the Townships of Linthorpe

The House was moved, That the Order made upon 611(1 in the said North Riding of the said

ill to a Committee County of York, and for settling and limiting the

Friday last, for committing the said Bill of the whole House, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And the House being informed that the said Bill contains Provisions not authorized by the Order for preparing, and bringing in, the same;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

Intirety of the said Manor and Mansion House, and of the specific Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon such Partition and Division, were allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ber force, Mr. Bur don, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to Committee

to sit Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morn-adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, ing. and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately. An ingrossed Bill for paving, lighting, watching, Finsbury

And he went accordingly; and returned. cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair,

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Finsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the "ed‘ Vol. 40. 8 E County

30° Mail.

A. 1791.

County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other Streets and Places communicating with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other Streets and Places communicating with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British " Vessels from the Coast of Africa:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

a0(

holt

pits*

Committed.

Seal Skins Importation Dill passed.

Salt Petre Duties Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill to allow the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to allow the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lordg, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, a certain Order of Council respecting the Importation of a limited Quantity of Salt Petre; for repealing the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Salt Petre, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, a certain Order of Council respecting the Importation of a limited Quantity of Salt Petre; for re

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clowes for vesting the settled Estate of Samuel Clowes, the Estate Bill Younger, Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, in him- commitud* self, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in Lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same, and for enabling the said Samuel (.'l<n< cs to grant Building- Leases of the Estate hereby settled, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Si uni, i:, Mr. Powys, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That 'the said Committee have Leave to sit, Committet and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Wednesday Morn- to sit on

Wednesday.

ing next

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Dicconson’s Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Dicconson, Estate Bill Esquire, and Meliorahis Wife, and Edward Dicconson, coramUUl1- Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, and at Wigan, Pen-wort ham, Coppul, Charnock, Richard, Croston, Worthington, Burscough, and Dalton in Furness, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, upon Trust to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage thereof, and to apply the Money so to be raised in the Purchase of au Estate at Parbold, in

pealing the Duties now payable upon the Importation *he said County of Lancaster, to be settled to the Uses of

of Salt Petre, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hope and Dodleston Inclosure and Drainage Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Hope, in the County of Flint, and also a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground in the Townships of Lower Kinnerton and Dodleston, within the Manor and Parish of Dodleston, in the County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 73. 1. 29. To leave out the Clause declaring it to be a Public Act.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hope, in the County of Flint, and also a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground in the Townships of Lower Kinnerton and Dodleston, within the Manor and Parish of Dodleston, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the settled Estates, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackbume, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, Committee and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Wednesday Morn- to sit on ing next. Wednesday.

Afi ic an Skive Bill presented.

Sir lVilliam Dolben presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, " for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for

An ingrossed Bill to enable Baldwin Es- Duppa’s(S«-

quire, and his First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, nior) Nam* to take, use, and hear the Name and Arms of Duppa, Bill pa*d. pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Baldwin Hancorn, Esquire, and his First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Knatchbull do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Baldwin Duppa Hancorn, Duppa’* (Ju-of Hollingbourne, in the County of Kent, Esquire, and mor) Name

his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of PasMd* Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, late of Hollingbourne aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Baldwin Duppa Hancorn, of Hollingbourne, in the County of Kent, Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, late of Hollingbourne aforesaid, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Knatchbull do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

31 Geo. III.

30° M

659

Aylesbury ltoa<is Bill pasted.

An ingrossed Rill for enlarging the Terms of Two An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain several Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twenty-fifth Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, from in the County of Sussex, through

through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Road between Bensington and Shi/lingford, in the County Sandhurst, and to in the said

*of Oxf ord; and for amending tile Road from the Turnpike County of Sussex, and from aforesaid to

Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road, between Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Sussex; and for Postcomband Tetsuorth, in the said County, and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating making more effectual Provision for repairing the said with one of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, culled Roads, was read the Third Time. Lane.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title Which Grounds are as follow:

be. An Act for enlarging the Terms of Two several That from the Wording of the Clause left out by the

Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twenty-fifth Years of Amendment of the Lords, Doubts might arise, whether His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road the same could be carried into Effect without affecting from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through innocent Persons.

Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road be- The above Reason, and others which the Lords tween Bensingtonand Shi/lingford, in the County of Ox-forbear to urge at present, make it necessary for the

Jord; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Lords to insist on the said Amendment.

Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road, be- Ordered, That the said Report be taken, into Consi-tween Postcomb and Tetsaorth,in the said County, and deration upon this Day Three Months, for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Annesley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Flimwell continuing and amending certain Acts, of the Second 'rent Ro#d

Bill ordered.

Hr. Haul* u*£*’s Trial.

The Lords dp<ire a Conference.

Agreed to.

and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Vent, in

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holfordand the County of through in the County of Mr. (i raves: Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and

Mr. Speaker, Korthiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Highga aforesaid to in the said County House, That their Lordships w ill proceed further in the of Sussex; and for repairing and widening a Piece of Trial of Warren Hasting*, Esquire, on Thursday Morn- Road communicating with one of the Roads comprized ing next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall:And in the said Acts, called Lane: And that

also, Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Thomas Pelham, and Colonel

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this Lenox, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject

Matter of the last Conference. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee

And then the Messengers withdrew. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Report of

to consiriir of the Report which, upon the loth Day Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the of this Instant May, was made from the Select Com- Expenditure

Lords at a Conference, as is desired by their Lord- mittee, to whom it was referred to examine and state deferred.

the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to

A!nnr*qrrs

C on Terence r*purled.

ships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therew ith.

Ami then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And (King returned;

Mr. Henry Hobart reported. That they had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Duke of Leeds, who acquainted the Managers that the Lords do insist upon their Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimuell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through High- be. An Act for the better Maintenance and Support gate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sand- of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland, near the Sea, in hurst, Kcuenden, and Korthiam, to Rye, in the said the County Palatine of Durham.

County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid, to Ordered, That Mr. AJilhanke do carry the Bill to the

the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what has been the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future, and also, what Alteration has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Maintenance and Sunderland Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland, near Poor Bib the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read the passe ’ Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Sussex; and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with one of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane; for which the Lords gave their Reasons, which Mr. Henry Hobart read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, with the Bill and Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Reasons were read; and are as followeth: viz.

The Lords, earnestly desirous to cultivate a good

Understanding with the Commons, embrace with much Satisfaction the Opportunity afforded by the present Conference, to explain the Grounds of the Amendment proposed in the Bill sent up by the Commons, intituled, to be perused by the Members of the House Vo 1. 46.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Paper res-Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Pecting Ar-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Troops* the House, pursuant to their Order. &c.prewnted!

Extracts of a Letter from Colonel Fullerton to the Right honourable the President and Select Committee at Fort Saint George, dated Pondicherry, 7th January 1785.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table,

Ordered,

30° M

AA79h

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

West India Trade, and Jamaica, dec. Free Port Bill passed.

Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and extending the Powers of the present Prescriptive Market within the Town and Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and removing the same to a more convenient Place within the

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend an Act, said Town and Borough, or within the Precinct of the made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Castle of Lewes aforesaid.

toll

Wil

Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House* according rjh for the to Order, ,a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, Encourage-and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies; and also, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late ment of an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act prt‘

Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation and " for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the

Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the

Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method " for the punctual, frequent, and certain Payment of " their Wages; and for enabling them more easily and " readily to remit the same for the Support of their " Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and " Abuses attending such Payments and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Amarines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Bill for pre-

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, according West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, ventingr United States of America, and between His Majesty’s passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Frauds in said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West jesty, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing semens Indies: and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh " Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Wages,4c.

" Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Ser- presented. " vice of Petty Officers and Seamen on Board any of 0 " His Majesty’s Ships," and for further extending the

Mar, Montego Bay, wad Santa Lucea, in the Island of Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-

Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marines, serving,

Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Domi- or who may have served, on Board any of His Majesty’s

Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

7 — ---7 # J--- --

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la

nica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, according rMptct. An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and extending the to Order, a Bill for extending certain Acts therein ing Officers Market Bill Powers of the present Prescriptive Market within the mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commis- and Seamen,

passed. ^r nm, .../i r ... v.« s ..... a f v. <m »*».. a j a c r t n 1 .» a a n > — > a mA. oamin. > <. ...Ka residing

Town and Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and removing the same to a more convenient Place within the said Town and Bordugh, or within the Precinct of the Castle of Lewes aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for securing the Rights of the Lords of the Borough.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the -Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 34. After "the" to insert "Fines"

Pr. 18. 1. 22. After " all" to insert " Fines."

1. 26. After " Borough " to insert " but

- " that the Amount of the Fine

" which, previous to the Commencement of this Act, was " payable for the Whole of the " said Copyhold Tenement, shall " not be lessened by Reason of " Part of the same being so purchased as aforesaid."

.And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

sioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who in jre|an(1 may have served, on Board any of His Majesty's Ships, preseHUd.’ and residing in Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Returns to the Orders for

Mr. Rose presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Returns 'to Orders of " Honourable House of Commons, requiring an Account Accoout, &«, " of all Sums issued on Account of Carlton House, relating to " and the Manner in which the same have* been ap- House,preplied; — and Copies of all Estimates of the Expence sented.

of finishing and furnishing Carlton House, which have " been made in pursuance of any Directions from the " Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury; —

" and also, Copies of all Applications which have " been made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury respecting the Works at Carlton " House, and of their Proceedings and Correspondence " thereon."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper dp lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of tb*e House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Paper

1 r

Bill relating to the Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, passed.

Consolidated Fand Bill

Newfoundland Judicature Bill

ptititd-

Flimwtll Vsnt ftoad Bill presented.

committed.

661

Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing and confirming a certain Resolution or Order of the Governor General in Council of Fort William in Bengal, and all Acts

done by virtue thereof, and for granting further Powers to tire said Governor General during his Residence on the Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 20. To leave out from " acting" to " the" in 1. 28, and insert " under " the Authority of" instead there-of.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Resolution or Order of the Governor General in Council of Fort William in , and all Acts done

by virtue thereof, and for granting further Powers to the said Governor General during his Residence on the Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Ycur One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to 11 is Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seveh hundred and Ninety-one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

1It solved, That the Bill do pass > And that the Title be, An Act for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending certain Acts of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flim cell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through

Highgate, in the County of Kent* and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Norto , in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Coopers Comer, in the said County of Sussex, and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with one of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called White-bread Lane: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be how read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Vol.46,

Hobart, Mr. Thomas Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to Committee sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Wednesday to sit on Moming next. Wednesday.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Freemen, Pa- petition in rishioners, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of favour of a Sandwich, in the County of Kent, was presented to the TaxoaDo8*‘ House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for a Tax upon Persons keeping Dogs, to be applied in Aid of the Poor's Rates; and recommending such a Tax to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Walsh, and Charles Mellish, Petition Esquires, claiming to be Electors of Representatives to respecting serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in ja^lfnfor the County of York, was delivered in at the Table, and Pontefract, read; Setting forth, That upon the 9th Day of March, in this present Year 179.1, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of the said Charles Mellish, and John Esquires, and also the Petition of several other Persons, Freeholders of Burgage Tenure, within the said Borough of Pontefract, and as such Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, reported to the House, That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the said Petitions did wholly depend upon the Right of Election, and that therefore the said Committee had required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended: That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said Petitioners Charles Mellish and John Anstruther, and the said other Persons, had delivered in a Statement respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, as follows —

" The Right ef Election for Members to serve in " Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, is in Persons having within the " said Borough a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent;" that the Counsel for the Sitting Members John Smyth and William Sotheron,

Esquires, had also delivered in a Statement, as follows — " The Counsel for the Sitting Members state " the Right of Election for the Borough of Pontefract " to be in the Inhabitants Householders Resiants:"

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Corn, mittee report, that they have determined, " That the " Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement,

" is not the Right of Election for the Borough of " Pontefract, in the County of YorkThat, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee report, that they have determined, " That the Right of Election, as set " forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election " for the said Borough of Pontefract , and that the Petitioners are advised, and trust they can maintain, that the Judgment of the said Select Committee reported to the House, touching the different Rights of Election contained in the said Statements, is erroneous, and that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of such Select Committee, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough:

Therefore, and to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, the Petitioners pray, That they may be admitted as Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case lately made and provided, to oppose that Right of Election in Favour of which the said Select Committee hath reported, as above set forth, and

8. F that

30* Mail

that they may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to Jthe House shall seem meet, and die Nature of the Case may require. t Ordered, That the stud Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 29th Day of August next* at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A. 1791.

After 41 Assize, to insert, " and, " and to leave out " and Clerks of Indictments."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And a Member of the House having, in his Place, informed the House, that he was authorized, by the

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Judges of England, to express to the House their

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Pontefract, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Triads of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ooAle-house- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, keepers, ice. upon the Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made Licensing in ^e Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-housekeepers and

Consent that the Office of Clerk of Assize should no longer be saleable;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Master of the Rolls do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commute* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, l elon-v upon the Bill to regulate the Distribution of Rewards ewardsBUI< in Cases of Felony, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the 'said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Victuallers, and for better regulating Ale-houses, and Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for paving the Footways of certain Lincol* Streets within the City of Lincoln; for cleansing, light- Pavl"8 BlU ing, and watching the said Streets, and other Streets, ^>as* Lanes, and public Passages and Places, within the said City, and for removing and preventing Nuisauces,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several ^hircl ‘Time

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

to report, when the House will please to receive the An Act for paving the Footways of certain Streets

san}?‘ , _ , _ , rr within the City of Lincoln; for cleansing, lighting,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow ftn(j watching the said Streets, and other Streets, Lanes,

Committee on Bill, for be tier regu-

Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating of Gaols, and luting Gaols. other Places of Confinement, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee,

and public Passages and Places, within the said City, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Vawthome do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Order for 3d Reading of the ingrossed Bill for establishing a Company for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Settlement* Great Britain and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries, Bill read, of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Clerks of Assize Bill passed.

Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the Paper, intituled, " Copy of the Cession of a Territory on the Banks of " the River Sierra Leona, for the Accommodation of _ " the Black Poor, nth 1787," which was pre-

Clerks of Indictments, be now* sented to the House upon Friday last, might be

read.

And the same being read accordingly; rp, , ... , - A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

The Amendment following were severally proposed That the said Bill be now read the Third Time; to be made to the Title of the Bill; ws. The House divided.

The

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the Offices of Clerks of Assize, Associates, ana Clerks read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Sierm I*ona Settlement Bill pushed.

River Dee Company’s Agreement Bill passed.

Counsel heard on Kingston an Sheetbridge Road Bill.

The Noes went forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

30° — 31° Mail

663

/Mr. Afmckin,

V

Tellers for the Noes,

} *7-

[Mr. William Smith:

fMr.

/The Lord Sheffield:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Hill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to oblige the Company to publish in 7 he London Gazette the Amount of their Capital, Debts, and Credits.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 31. 1. l.

& To leave out " of the adjoining."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Dill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing a Company for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of and the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of , a certain District of Land, commonly called The of Sierra

Leonti, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on liie said Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and certain Lords of Manors lying below, or to the South East of Greenfield Gate, in the County of Fiuit, on the South Side of the said River Dec, and other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons, and the Old Common Salt Marshes, lying on the South Side of the said River, and below, or to the South East of Greenfield Gate aforesaid, and an Award made in Consequence thereof, and for erecting Part of the said Company’s Lands into a separate Township, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and certain Lords of Manors and other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons, and the Old Common Salt Marshes, lying on the South Side of the said River, below, or to the North East of Greenfield Gate, in the County of Flint, and an Award made in Consequence thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enlarge d the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfeld, in the County of Southampton,

Vo l. 46.J

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Kingston upon Thames, Parish of Esher, and other Parishes, in the County of Surrey, and of other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also read.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be again called in;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

}>3.

Telle* for he Noe^r.: } »*

So it passed in the Negative.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that " no Gate shall be erected nearer to Kingston than Sundown Farm."

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do phss: And that the Title ^g8^0"an(1 be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, plq8* and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of pM£#d. Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Peter field, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Sumner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 31* die Mali',

Anno 31* Georgii III. U Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

AM ES S AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Holfordand The Lords Mr. Graves: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Goat and for repealing certain Duties of Excise upon Tanned She#P Skins Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for granting other Dnty Bill' Duties in Lieu thereof, and also certain Duties of Customs on Tanned Goat Skins imported; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Chatterisand Act for embanking and draining certain Fen Lands Wimblington and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Chatteris and Dodington, and Hamlet of Wimblington, in the said Parish of Dodington, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge', and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Hamlet of Wimblington; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Worksop and Act for enlarging the Term arid Powers of an Act, DebdaleHill passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Roada Bill- Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Muskham, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sheffield In-Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and closure B»U.

Waste

4564

31° M

A. 1791,

Kirkcaldy Two Peunies Scot* Bill.

Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, within the Manor of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York;without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue Two Acts, made in the Fifteenth

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, w ithout any Amendment.

I#

(llit

Billri

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, to whom Fane’s Nam*

___ „ ________ _ ..... ... ..... _______ the ingiossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill reported,

and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty to enable Henry Hopkins Fane, Esquire, and Katherine and passed‘ King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two his Wife, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, Katherine, to take the Surname of Cholmley only, and to upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be bear the Arms of the Family of the Cholmleys of Whitby brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within and Wentworth of pursuant to the Will of the Town of Kirkcaldy, and Liberties thereof; without Nathaniel Cholmley, Esquire, deceased, was committed; any Amendment: And also, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of tire

Buckingham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Com-nd Brackley for amending and widening several Pieces of Road, and mittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House,

0 ‘ opening and making several Pieces of new Road therein without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in

described, so as to make a convenient Carriage Road at the Clerk’s Table., from Buckingham through Brackley, to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, to the same, without any Amendment, in the Township of Leven,in the Parish of Leven, in

the East Riding of the County of York;without any Mr. reported from the Committee, to Hustler’s and.

Amendment: And also, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Peiwe’sPar-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Par- tltl0" .

Fishery Bill. Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, tition and Division between Thomas Hustler, Esquire, p^edL

Leven Inclosure Bill.

Pilchard

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

Norfolk Woolcomb-rs Bill.

by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent Abuses and Frauds committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, in the County of

and Richard William Peirse, Esquire, of the Manor and Mansion House of Addam,in the North Riding of the County of York, and of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Acklam and Middlesbrough, and in the Townships of Linthorpe and Air some, in the said North Riding of the said County of York, and for settling and limit-

Norfolk, and City of Norwich, and County of the said ing the Intirety of the said Manor and Mansion House,

Petty Larceny Witnesses Bill.

City; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render Persons convicted of Petty Larceny competent Witnesses; without any Amendment: And also,

Bill: — Loans The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

or Exchequer Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or 1 *' Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one; without any Amendment: And also,

Bill: — The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

further Loans Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also,

Win* Li- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

cenceOfficers to enable His Majesty to make Compensation to the Compensa ——

lion Bill. jheir Offices; without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Bill reported, An Act for effectuating and establishing an Exchange *n pa‘se ’ agreed upon between the Trustees of s Charity

er Exchequer Bills.

Lottery Bill.

and of the specific Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon such Partition and Division, were allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, sirCba. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Sheffield’s An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of Sir Charles Estate Bl11

reported

Officers of the late Wine Licence Office for the Loss of Sheffield, Baronet, deceased, and devised by his Will in passed.

A.L v.. fliJL . _ ! A A. A Jm m Ai W mm--- m I1 At m L. a 1 . 1 XV*. 1 *

Sparrow's,

Ac. Estate

strict Settlement, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates more contiguous to the Bulk of the Family Estate of the said Sir Charles Sheffield, in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be and Robert Sparrow, Esquire, and Mary Bence, Spin- true; and that the Parties concerned had given their

ster, of certain Estates in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr,

Hallamshire Cotiers recommitted Bill reported.

Bill relating to WolQ't Marriage Settlement committed.

Committee Id sit Tomorrow.

Bill to empower Mr. Pierre pom, Acc. to grant Leases committed.

Committee to sit Tomorrow.

Petition in Favour of a Tax on Dogs.

Account of Cloalhing for Militia presented.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill lor the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberties of Hallamshire,in the County of York, and within Six

Miles of the said Liberties, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once re-ad throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for amending and rendering effectual the Power of Sale contained in the Marriage Settlement of Sir Jacob Jf'oljf, Buronet, and Datne Anne, his Wife, so far as such Power relates to, or extends over, the Manor of Chumleigh, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Drnwand Southampton, which liaie been settled to the Uses therein limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Jl'atson, Mr. Call, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower C harks Pierrepont, Esquire, and his Issue Malt*, and also the several Tenants for Life under the Will of the Duke of Kingston, and their respective Issue Male, to grant Building Leases, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Jlo/mrt, Mr. Minch in, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Ku.gston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for a Tax upon Persons keeping Dogs, to be applied in Aid of the Poor's Rates; and recommending such a Tax to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Office of Auditor of the Land Revenue, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the I louse, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Expencp of One compleat Cloathing for the Militia.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Samuel Thornton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrowr Morning.

Sir Charles Brnbury,according to Order, reported Dill for better

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the regulating Bill for the better regulating of Gaols, and other p0^sdre* Places of Confinement, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, . in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w*ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Ale-hoose-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom keepers, &c. the Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the B*ifrepofted. Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-housekeepers and Victuallers, and for' better regulating Ale-houses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon were agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Eo. 12. 1. 8. by inserting at the End of the Clause the Words, " and where no Notice shall have " been given, or no Meeting shall have been holden, a M Certificate, signed by Seven, or by a Majority, of " the Inhabitants of the said Parish or Place, who shall be rated to the Poors Rate at not less than " £. 10 pei' Annum, shall be held sufficient for the " granting such Licence, and shall be specified in the " Certificate herein after directed."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J 32-

Tellers for the Noes, } 5'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then several other Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re-

on Bounties to soive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Surgeons&of to consl(ler °l proper Bounties to be allowed, in Skv« ships, certain Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 46.

The Lord Parker reported to the House, That their Answer to Addresses of Friday last (that His Majesty would Addr<sses* be graciously pleased to give Directions for carrying into Effect the several Alterations in the House of Commons, mentioned in the Report which was that Day made from the Committee appointed to consider of the best Method for regulating the Temperature of the Air in the House of Commons, and who were

8 G instructed

666 31° M A. 1791.

instructed to take into Consideration other Accommodations for the House; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that such Medical Assistance may be provided for the Prisoners confined in the Prisons of the King’s Bench and the Fleet, and such other Arrangements taken for the Preservation of the Health of the said Prisoners, as the Circumstances of their Situation shall require, and that this House will make' good the Expence of the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Felony Re- Mr. Jodrell, according to Order, reported from the wards Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill reported. jq regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of Felony, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that the Reward shall be paid in Open Court without Fee.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; end, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the x Flo use, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Considera- The Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur-tion of Re- ther Consideration the Report from the Committee of Motion for t^ie whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Hemp Bill the Motion made upon the 18th Day of April last, That deferred. Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Culture of Hemp within the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

African Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

n nV. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill deferred. upon t^e gjq to continue for a limited Time, and

to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, for a limited " Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the " shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from " the Coast of Africa," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Bill re- a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to R^htsf&c? remove Doubts respecting the Rights and Functions of of Juries ill Juries in Criminal Cases.

Criminal Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Cases. Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the

Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, tills Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Bill respect-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ing Piocerd-House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, muS, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Proceedings postponed.

" upon Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the " Nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual;

" and for the more easy trying and determining the " Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations " and Boroughs

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Committee House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole pnub|[cport 0 House, to consider of the Report, which, upon the income end loth Day of this Instant May, was made from the Expeadituie, Select Committee, to whom it was referred to examine P06lP°ned-and state the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what has been the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future, and also, what Alteration has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order, made this Day, for the House to resolve Committe* itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to remove Doubts respecting the nights,*&c. Rights and Functions of J uries in Criminal Cases, after of Juries in the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders Criminal of the Day, being read; Cases’

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor accordingly reported Reported, from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Flouse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for Committee the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the on Bill whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an p*^ecS,s Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen on \v>its of Anne, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Proceedings Mandamus, " upon Writs of Mandamus, and Informa tions in the &c*

" Nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; and for the more easy trying and determining " the Rights of Offices and Franchises in C orporations " and Boroughs;"

The House resolved itself into the said (/Ommittee,

Mr.

Committee on Report of Public Income aixi Expenditure deterred.

House adjourned.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other postponed Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon the loth Day of this Instant May, was made from the Select Committee, to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House w hat has been the whole Amount of the Public Income and Exj>enditurc during the last Five Years, and what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future, and also, what Alteration has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1* die Junii;

Anno 31* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1791.

Praters.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr-Speaker, it appeared that 1-ortv Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2* die Junii

Anno 31* Georgii IIP14 Regis, 1791.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attend- ing this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to n 'cstminshr Ha!!, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And- he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Clu mbers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, into the Places appointed for the Members of this House, in West m Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

Vol. 46.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Lords Eyre, and Mr. Justice Gould: toave agree

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Duke of CIa. Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of rence’s An. Twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the nuity Bill. Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to tha Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for Re-for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen teamen m employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom; the Coasting without any Amendment: And also, Trade.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Anwick, &c. for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Inrlosure Meadow Ground, Half Year’s Land, Common Fens, Drainage and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, and for embauking and draining the said Common Fens, and certain inclosed Low Lands adjoining thereto, called The Praie Grounds, in or near the Township of Norik Kyme,in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An I-angton in-Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open closure Bill. Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lot Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in_ the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, of West -ton, East Langton, Thorpe Langton, and Tur Langton, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Oddington for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Inrlosure Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Bl Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Oddington, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An cjir;st Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, Church Pav-regulating, and improving, a certain Street, called The »»g> 4c. Bill. Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and certain other Streets, Lanes,

Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for shutting up Part of an Alley or Passage leading from Bull Alley to Marygold Court; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, c c'

cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the King’s Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Maidstone; without any Amendment: And also,

668

£° Jun

A. 1791,

Salt Petre

Free Port Bill.

Bills of Ex- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allega-Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and uly 1 ' Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, Drafts, that the Parties concerned had given their Consent and Orders, and on Receipts, and for granting other to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill And also, to the House, without any Amendment: And he de-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An livered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Unties Bill. Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

concerned in advising or carrying into Execution, a Resolved, That the Bill do pass,

certain Order of Council respecting the Importation Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to

of a limited Quantity of Salt Petre, for repealing the the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Duties now payable upon the Importation of Salt agreed to tire same, without any Amendment.

Petre, and for granting other Dudes in Lieu thereof;

without any Amendment: And also, Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Flimwell

Seal Skins The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An whom the Bill for continuing and amending certain

Importation Act to allow the Importation of Seal Skins, cured Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His 1 rep0 BlU- with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for a limited Time; present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

without any Amendment: And also, from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through

Newfound- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of

land Judica- Act for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said tore Bill. the Island of Newfoundland, for a limited Time; with- County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to out any Amendment: And also, Coopers Corner, in the said County of Sussex, and for

West India The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An repairing and widening a Piece of lload communicating

Jamaica"&C ^ct to amenc* an Act, ilia(*e *n the Twenty-eighth with One of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called

FreTport C* Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating Whitebrcad Lane, was committed; That the Commit-the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Co- tee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and lorries and Plantations in North America, and in the found the same to be true; and that the Committee West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-United States of America, and between His Majesty’s ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report said Subjects, and the Foreign Islands in The West to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

Indies; and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Arncnd-Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, ments were Once read throughout; and then a Se-and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah cond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of House.

Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Domi- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be nica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain

Regulations and Restrictions; without any Amend- Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Clowes Foment: And also, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, tate Billre-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Samuel Clowes, Porte^and v rnor Gene ^or csbiblishing and confirming a certain Resolu- the Younger, Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, in passe ral'ofVort'*" *'on or Order of the Governor General in Council of himself, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of Fort William in Bengal, and all Acts done by virtue greater Value, in the same County, in Lieu thereof, thereof, and for granting further Powers to the said and in Exchange for the same, and for enabling the said Governor General during his Residence on the Coasts Samuel Clowes to grant Building Leases of the Estate of Coromandel and Malabar; without any Amendment: hereby settled, was committed; That the Committee And also, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for applying of the Committee; and that the Committee had dicertain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of rected him to report the Bill to the House, without any the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s one, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 'to make perpetual an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in’ti-tuled, " An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," with some Amendments; to

HJ

C«:

ingrossed.

Bill relating to the Go-

William in Bengal,

Consolidated Fund Bill.

Pawnbrokers Bill, with Amendments.

Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

Bill to empower Mr. Pierrepont,

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to DifConson-s which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An of this House: And also, Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Dicconson, reported, and

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Esquire, and Mcliora his Wife, and Edward Dicconson, passed. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, and at Wigan,

Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, upon the First wortham,

Tuesday in the next Session of Parliament. ton, Burscough, and Dalton in Furness, in the County

And then the Messengers withdrew. of Lancaster, in Trustees, upon Trust to raise Money by

Sale or Mortgage thereof, and to apply the Money so Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to to be raised in the Purchase of an Estate at Parbold, in whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, the said County of Lancaster, to be settled to the Uses An Act to empower Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, and of the settled Estates, was committed; That the Com-

Leises6 his Issue Male, and also the several Tenants for Life mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

passed. under the Will of the Duke of Kingston, and their re- found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-

spective Issue Male, to grant Building Leases, was com- cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

Satisfaction

Hhllan.*}. ir« Cutlers Kill P^uked.

Committee on Cecil* Divorce Bill.

Report respecting Bounties to Masters and Surgeons of Slave Ships.

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Tuhlc.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

R(solved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this lluuse hath cgteed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberties of Hallumshire, in the County of and

within Six Miles of the said Liberties, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices, was read the Third 'lime.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 31. To leave out from " Pounds" to " Provided," in I. 34. and insert " and every such Apprentice " shall, on the Expiration of his " Apprenticeship, in such Case " be entitled to his Freedom, although, no such Enrollment " shall have been made," instead thereof.

Pr. lb. 1. 34. After " Hall" to insert "or some " other convenient Place."

Pr. 22. 1. 19. To leave out from "aforesaid" to " and, " in 1. 32.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the 'l able accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of " lamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices.

Ordered, That Mr./F7 Her force do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this IIou«c will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the v. hole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Cecil, Esquire, with Emma Yemon, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Watson do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Af rica.

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Mr. Serjeant Watson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee Vol. 46.

had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds be allowed to each Master, and Fifty Pounds to each Surgeon, of every Ship employed in conveying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, upon Proof being made that not more than Two Slaves, in each Hundred that shall have been takeu on Board such Ships, have died; and of Fifty Pounds to each Master, and Twenty-five Pounds to each Surgeon, where‘not more than Three Slaves in each Hundred have died, within a certain Period.

T he said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue for a limited Time, and to amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend " and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of " Parliament for regulating the shipping and carlying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of " Africa"is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Commit tea itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the sky/BuT Bill to continue for a limited Time, and to amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

"An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time,

" several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the " Coast of Africa."

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant flat son took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Wat son reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Serjeant Watson accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed hitn to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee, Bill relating to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for amending and rendering effectual the settlement Power of Sale contained in the Marriage Settlement reported and of Sir Jacob Wolff, Baronet, and Dame his passed.

Wife, so far as such Power relates to, or extends over, the Manor of Chumleigh, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Southampton, which have been settled to the Uses therein limited, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

8 H found

670

2® yunii.

A. 1791.

found the same to be true; and that tire Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Watson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Day for 3d Reading of Ale-housekeepers, Ac. Licensing

m

Ordered, That the Bill to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house-keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Alehouses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Crawfwrd presented to the House, by His Ma- Account of jesty’s Command,

An Account of the Charge of the Office of Ord- office for nance for the Year 1789, compared with the Grants 1789. pr%. by Parliament, and Sums reserved for the said *w,ted' Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follow eth.;

Vo l.

An A CCOU NT of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1789* compared with the Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved for the said Year; viz.

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents at the Tower, &c.

Pay of Civil Officers and < Artificers at

North Britain....

Gibraltar ——

Jamaica ——

Antigua ——

S* Christopher ——

Dominica ——

Barbadoes ——

S* Vincent ——

Grenada ——

Bahama Islands -

Quebec ——

Halifax -

New Brunswick -

v S* John’s and Placentia, in Newfoundland ——

Pay of Master Gunners in Great Britain, and of the Gunners in St. James’s Park, and the Tower of London ——

Incidents at the several Garrisons in Great Britain -

Ordinary Repairs ——

Repairing, &c. Barrack Bedding in the several Ports, &c. in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Carried forward - - £.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums feacrved. Charge of the Office of Ordnauce. Sums unexpended. Exceedinga.

/j* & 13.273 1 3| £ s. 13.283 13 6 £ d. 301 19 — £ d*

312 1 > 3 J 554 10 — 554 10 —

1,411 7 6 1,242 10 10 168 16 8

292 155 2 6 136 17 6 .

584 448 13 — 135 7 ~

584 529 5 — 54 15 —

584 529 5 — 54 15 —

584 584 — —

584 509 7 3 74 12 9

584 392 7 6 191 12 6

474 10 — 328 10 — 146.

86r 15 — 807 54 15 —

662 5 — 662 5 —

629 12 6 629 12 4 — — 2

1,277 10 — 818 15 2 458 14 10

3,416 17 6 3,203 5 6 213 12 —

18,000 18,000

15,000 15,000

4,379 4 7| i,i £3 16 3^ 5,590 1 — - . - 42 — 2

65,218 — io 63,268 3 7 1,99* 17 5 j 42 — 2

U

k — *

O

w

o

a

5

► o

si-

ll

<1

Bro* forward - - £.

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower - - i -

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers - - - - - - ,

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery - -

Pay of Civil Officers, Professors, and' Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich ——

Pay of Draughtsmen - ' ——

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, &c. - -

Fees at the Exchequer, &c, ——

EXTRAORDINARIES.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

For Repairs, Stores, Current Service, and Fuel for the Troops at St John’s and Placentia

NOVA SCOTIA:

Contingencies and Current Service, and for Erecting Magazines and Storehouses -

NEW BRUNSWICK:

.Contingencies, and Current Service . - " - ,

QUEBEC:

Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Carried forw* - -

n c-C 3

§ s

r 2

Grants by Parliament, apd Sums reserved. Charge* of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

65,218 — 10 63,268 3 7 i,99‘ *7 5 42 — 2

2,000 i 229 16 — / 00 451 10 8

10,403 10 — 10,237 *6 — 164 14 — ,

112,754 11 81 3,769 19 7^ 112,234 16 2 4,289 15 1

2,327 15 — 2,144 8 3 83 6 9

2,025 15 — i,932 5 — 93 10 —

20,409 10 81 152 19 tJ 20,015 — 11 547 8 11

920 920 '

6,856 16 9 6,834 18 10 <21 17 H

3,000 3,206 9 4 - 206 9 4

1,000 853 — 146 10 —

1,000 1 2,202 l6 7 / 3,399 M 1 - 196 17 6

234,270 11 3 226,925 7 6 7,796 10 9 445 7 —

to

O

V

GRENADA

Bro* forward - -

BERMUDA:

For Current Service, arid Contingencies ——

BAHAMA ISLANDS:

Current Service, and Contingencies -

JAMAICA:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For an additional Story to the Ntfval Storehouse, and a new Magazine for the Use of the Navy ——

ANTIGUA:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

For a Supply of Stores -

St CHRISTOPHER:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

For a Supply of Stores -

DOMINICA:

00 For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service - -

M For a Supply of Stores ——

BARBADOES:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

For a Supply of Stores ——

ST VINCENT:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service.

For a Supply of Stores.....-

Carried forward - .

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

234,270 n 3 226,925 7 6 7,790 10 9 445 7 —

600 1,312 15 1 - 712 15 1

2,000 2,957 4 11 . 957 4 11

1,000 "1 54a 9 4/ 1,236 10 4 305 19 —

5,000 - 5,000

9>48o 2 3\ i>235 17 — / 4,000 i 1,500 J 10,715 19 3 5,500

19,186 14 3 4.000 \ 1.000 J 19,186 14 3 5,000

12,363 17 10 3,000 \ 1,500 / 12,363 17 10 4,500

6.000 "i 4,933 12 2.000 i 3.000 io,794 n 5 139 1 1 4,000

6.000 1 55 »5 6/ 2.000 \ 1.000 — - — J 4,880 8 5 1,175 7 1 3,000

324,668 19 11 '290,373 9 — 36,410 17 11 2,115 7 —

31 Geo. III. 2° 1673

Bro' forward

GRENADA:

For Fortifications, Contingencies, and Current Service -For a Supply of Stores - -

Pay of Officers, &c.

EAST IN

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of a Company of Artificers, and for Works, Stores, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

D

cq'

N

CD

Q.

CT

JERSEY:

For Storehouses and Barracks ——

Towards fortifying S* Hillier’s Hill ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royul Military Artificers - - .

G U E RNSE

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at other Places in the Island ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks, Current Service, and Contingencies -For the Payment of Money to his Grace the Duke of , for the Purchase of Lands on

which Fort William is situated, and adjoining thereto, amounting to 53 Acres, for which a Rent of £. 70 per Annum was heretofore paid ——

NORTH EAST DISTRICT:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

r £

Carr4 forw4

VO

s a.

o a

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Such oiMCpeodtd. Exceedings.

324,668 19 n 290,373 9 — 36,410 17 11 2,115 7 —

19.583 4 9 3»oooo 1 2,000 — — / 19,61014 9 5,000 2710 —

234 17 4 ~ 109 10 — 125 7 4

40,000 "1 3.5o6 15 8 37,199 5 11 6,307 9 9

2.000 2,167 10 7/ 4.000 962 — 10 1,639 18 5 703 19 3 2,527 12 2 4,000 258 1 7

4,000 "1 1.687 S 6 J 962 — 10 3,862 16 5 868 4 7 1,824 12 1 93 16 3

6,000 7,900 1 8 - 1,900 1

2,100 2,100

1,000 1 322 14 4/ 595 5 8 727 8 8

418,195 12 9 364,963 5 8 57*2*75 5 9 4,042 18 8

3

<5

o

h»

p, B-o* forward - -

LANDGUARD FORT:

For Repairs, fitting up Buildings, Current Service, and Contingencies

YARMOUTH:

For Storehouses, Current Service, &c. -

CINQUE PORTS:

Current Service, and Contingencies ——

CHATHAM:

For Repairs of the Lines and Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Gillingham, Upnor Castle, Howness, &c. and for Current Service and Contingencies -

Towards the revering Townshend’s Redoubt - -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

o

cq'

rHh

N

CD

CL

CT

o

o

n

SHEERNESS:

For Repairs erf the Breakwaters, Current Service

GRAVESEND and TILBURY:

For Works and Repairs - -

FEVERS HAM,

Sc

For Repairs and for erecting Two new Drying Stoves, a Building for extracting Salt Petre, © a new Corning House, and other- Buildings for carrying on the Manufacture of Gulley powder ——

*3

Carried forward /.

w

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

418,19512 9 364,963 5 -8 57,275 5 9 4,042 18 8

500 \ s '4J 603 18 2 9910 2

205 5 7 190 75 5 7

1,200 — — 2,242 16 8 i _ _ _ j 1,042 16 8

7,952 1 — 1,000 — r — 1,924 1 8 8,202 15 6 1,000 1,924 1 8 - 250 14 6

2,000 1 S45 la 6/ 2,278 5 9 m m m m 32 13 3

1,000 "1 ya 14 — J 1,714 12 — m m ' * 621 18 —

8,188 6 2 7,939 14 5 248 11 9 /

442,767 2 — 391,059 9 10 57,698 13 3 5,99* 1 1

>o

31 Geo. III. 2° Junii.

g

cq'

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

rD

Bro' forward - -

PORTSMO

For Repairs and Contingencies in the Division ——

For improving the Works at Cumberland Fort ——

For inclosing the Dock ——

For Repairs of Lump’s Battery ——

For Repairs of Eastney Battery ——

For re-building South Sea Castle ——

For re-building the Two Bridges at Landport Gate ——

For building a new Armoury in the Gun Wharf, for Service of the Navy -

For the Purchase of the Buildings belonging to Thcf Fitzherbert, Esquire, standing on the Glacis of the Works ——

For the Purchase of the Salt Pans at Tipner Point in Portsmouth Harbour, and building an additional Powder Magazine there, for Use of the Navy - -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ----- -- ‘

GOSPORT:

For Fort Monckton ——

For the Sea Wall at Haslar Hospital -

To continue the Sea Wall erected in Front of Haslar Hospital to Fort Monckton; in order to prevent the Sea from breaking into Haslar Lake, and for making the Ground equally solid in all Parts behind the said Wall ——

For Repairs of Breakwaters between Blockhouse Fort and Haslar Hospital -

For necessary Repairs at the Lines at Gosport, Weevill, and Priddy’s Hard -

For Repairs at Blockhouse Fort..... ——

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines - -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

Carried forwd - £.

o

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Excee dings.

442,767 2 — 391,059 9 1° 57,698 13 3 5,991 1 1

3,703 9 5\ 6,294 ll 11/ 8,581 18 4 8,330 14 4 3,208 n 9 1,667 7 — 5,373 6 7

4,073 6 n 2,213 3 4 1,971 13 — 2,566 11 8 3,719 17 9 i,97i 13 —

3,232 — 7 - 3,232 — 7 -

5,000 ... 5,000

1,980 18 5 871 8 — 1,109 10 5

4,053 16 6 559 1° 11 3,494 5 7

1,800 1,800

3,000 - 3,000 —

1,924 1 8 1,575 6 349 — 2

2,457 12 3\ 2,831 9 7J 1,992 16 11 2,764 4 7 3,52417 3 1,9921611

3,000 — — 2,691 6 — 308 14 —

2,455 - 2,455 — —

4,086 1 10 2,292 4 4 i,793 17 6

833 9 7 347 8 9 486 — 10

5oo \ 144 12 4| 1,924 1 8 644 12 4 1,621 1 3 303 — 5

510,821 5 5 420,332 5 3 96,480 1 3 5,991 1 1

5

o>

to

Bro* forward

D

cq'

N

CD

o.

o

i-i

pi

oe

w

w

o

t — t

s

w

55

H

PLYMOUTH:

For Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies -

For necessary Repairs at the Lines ——

For Magazines and Canal at Keybara Point - -

For Redoubts on Maker Heights ——

For re-building a House for the Governor ——

For Repairs at the Citadel, S' Nicholas Island, and Batteries at the Entrance of Hamoaze -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -

WOOLWICH:

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Houses -

For re-building the Wharf ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

ROYAL LABORATORY.

Towards the extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers

ISLE OF MA N:

For Repairs, and Current Service - - *

W ALT HA MABBEY:

For Repairs and additional Buildings for the Powder Mills ——

TOWER:

For re-building the Office destroyed by Fire ——

SHIPPING.

For relieving the , Royal Regiment of Artillery in Foreign Garrisons -

Carrd forward - - £.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceeding*.

510,821 5 5 420,332 5 3 96,480 1 3 5,991 1 1

6,959 6 4 5,937 14 8 1,021 11 8

694 1 9 350 1 4 344 — 5

3,583 3 6 379 4 — 3,208 19 6

5,550 15 9 2,771 16 6 2,77819 3

4,743 7 4 2,483 13 10 2,259 13 6

1,597 13 3 1,189 5 2 In OO O 1

1,924 1 8 1,967 19 7 " - - - 43 17 11

1,000 — — 3,499 5 7 - - 3,499 5 7

3,230 2 — - - 3,230 2 -

1,924 1 8 1,924 1 8

2,000 — 402 15 1} 1,593 12 2 809 3 5

394 18 — 4$615 3 T — .* 91 17 3

5,626 — — 4,346 — 10 1,279 19 2

5,000 — — 1,229 i° 3 3,770 9 9

2.500 — 2.500 — 3,637 13 8 1,362 6 4

560,456 11 3 452,12819 9 h6,953 13 4 8,626 1 10

31 Geo. III. 2° Junii. 677

Bro* forward

- - £

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY.

For Contingencies ——

For Small Arms ——

For Stores -

For Salt Petre - .....-

For Debts incurred previous to the 31st December 1783 -

Grants 1789 - - - £482,327 7 —

Sums reserved - - - £126,881 15 8

Total Land Service, carrd forw* - - £

N. B. The Sums reserved for completing the several Services for which they were voted in former Years, are in this Account expressed in Red Ink.

Ci

00

>o

B a.

6 0

c «?

£3

Grants-by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

560,456 n 3 452,128 19 9 116,953 13 4 8,626 1 10

6,000 6,000

9,487 — 10 5,059 14 10 4,427 6 —

6,000 — r 16,690 6 4 j 304 4 5 22,386 1 11

9,000 9,000

i,575 4 3 1,575 4 3

609, SP9 {2 .8 474,068 3 3 % 143,767 1 3 8,626 1 10

to

<o

D

in

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o

p

05

O

tfl

in

tfl

SO

<1

H

t-H

o

2

in

Total Land Service bro' forw4

SEA SERVICE.

Salaries and Rents -

Halifax - - - - .

Jamaica.....- - -

Antigua ——

Kinsale --- -- ....

Contingencies of the Royal Laboratory - - - .

Ordnance and Stores ——

Making Powder -

Freight ——

Repairs of Buildings.....- - . -

Incidents at the several Out Ports ——

Salt Petre ——

Total Sea Service -

Total Land and Sea Service -

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved.

L

609,209 2 8

52^000 ——

25,278 12 —

c

77.278 12 —

686,487 14 8

Charge of the Office of Orduance.

474,068 3 3

13,283 13 6

1,018 13 2

961 5 6

384 8 7

1,623 6 —

10,226 — —

11,801 12 —

4,745 10 2

1,782 10 8

18,765 9 8

13,500 — —

78,092 9 3

552,160 12 6

Sums unexpended.

143,767 1 3

143,767

Exceedings.

8,626 1 10

813 17 3

9,439 «9 1

O

Si

N. B. That besides the above Grants the following Sums have been received by the Treasurer; viz*.

- On his voluntary Account ——

Cash received to vacate Imprests ——

LAND.

2,424 4 358 12

2,782 16

SEA.

2

9

11

849 15

73 16 923 12

7

8

3

>0

3 2.

2 B

€ S

<0

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

n

OBSERVATIONS on Account 1789.

LAND SERVICE.

The Total Sums unexpended amount to -

Add the Voluntary Account -

Total Exceedings

Total Amount unexpended

Total Sums unexpended as above ——

Of which the following Sums unexpended may be applied in Discharge of Exceedings:

Viz*. . d.

'Gibraltar - - 168 16 8

Jamaica - - - 136176

Antigua - 135 7 —

S* Christopher - 54 15 —

Pay of Civil Dominica - - 54 15 —

Officers and ( S* Vincent - - 74 129

Artificers at Grenada - - - 191 126

Bahama Islands - 146 — —

Quebec - 54 —

New Brunswick - - - - 2

Newfoundland ----- -- - 458 14 10

Pay of Master Gunners in Great Britain, and of Gunners at S' James’s

Park, and the Tower of London - - - - 21312 —

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms - 451108

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers - - - - 164 14 —

Pay of Civil Officers, Professors and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich - -- 83 69

Pay of Draughtsmen - - - 93 10 —

Pay of superannuated, &c. Officers and Men ----- 547 811

Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers, Royal Laboratory - 809 3 5

Sums to be reserved for the Services for which they were voted

- - 6 I. s. d. H3,767 1 3

3,839 12 2

Deficiency

Money saved and left with the Ordnance, on closing Account to 31 December 1788

Balance exceeded, Land Service - £.

S E A S E R V I C E.

Total Exceedings ----- ----- --- - 813 17 3

Voluntary Account - -- -- 923 12 3

Office of Ordnance, 30 May 1791.

Unexpended

Balance exceeded on Account of this and the preceding Five Years

G,

Clerk of the Ordnance.

£ s.

143,767 1 3

2,782 16 11

146,549 18 2 8,626 1 10

137,923 16 4

139,927 9 1

2,003 12 9 1,334 9 4

669 3 5

109 15 — 559 8 5

o

o u* O 3

e

P e C n

it

58

<0

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

I-nris The House proceeded to take intft Consideration the

Amendment* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, t»«km°Rill -An *^ct to ",:|ko perpetual an Act, passed in the Twenty-Kr«ed to ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitu-

led. " An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers."

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow eth; viz.

Pi. t. 1. la j Leave out "made perpetual," and & insert " continued for a limited

13- J " Time."

1.30 1 Leave out " made and declared to be & / " perpetual," and insert " conti-

31. j " nued for One whole Year, and " from thence to the End of the then " tu xt Session of Parliament."

In the Title of the Bill.

1. 1. Leave out " make perpetual," and insert " continue for a limited " Time."

'flic said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

I)nh. red. That Mr. Alderman Watson do carry the Bill to the Loub; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

fill respect- Ordard, That the ingrossed Bill to remove Doubts . resjxxting the Bights and functions of Juries io Crimi-

1 junta in' na* Cases, be now read the Third Time.

Cnmiual The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

C'4*t» pa»sed. 'Llie Amemluicnt following was proposed to be made

to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 2 i. To leave out " before them."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 1. I. 23. by leaving out the Words " and shall out be required or directed by the Court or " Judge before whom ich Indictment or Information " shall lie tried, to find the Defendant or Defendants *‘ guilty, merely on the Proof of the Publication by such " Defendant or Defendants of the Paper charged to be a " Libel."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Pa it of the Bill;

it was rc-olved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment following was likewise proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. f. 32. To leave out "Meaning," and insert " Sense’’ instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Functions of Juries in Cases of Libel.

Ordered, That Mr. Vox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Felony lie- Ordered, That the iiigrossed Bill to regulate the wimib Util Distribution of Rewards in Cases of Felony, be now read the Tiiird Time.

The said Bill w as accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. 1. 6. After " so " to insert " paid or."

1. 7. To leave out " such," and insert " the" instead thereof.

1. 8. To leave out " on the Conviction of such Offender," and insert " at

Vol. 46.

nii. 681

" which any such Offender shall be convicted," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of Felony.

Ordered, That the Master of the Rolls do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better regulating of Gaols, Bill for better

and other Places of Confinement, was read the Third regulating Time. Gaols,passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better regulating of Gaols, and other Places of Confinement

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbudo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do make the Report from the Bill respect-Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill to ex- .'"2 Proceed* plain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the o^M°aPn^ltt Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for rendering rous, &c. rethe Proceedings upon Writs of and Infor- committed.

" mations in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy " and effectual; and for the more easy trying and determining the Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs," was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Mr. Grey accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said considered. Committee.

Mr. Sfjcakef left the Chair.

Mr. St.John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. Si. John reported from the Committee, That . they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. St. John accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Mr. Statement of Holland's Statement of the Receipt and Expenditure of the whole Money already issued from His Majesty’s Carlton Treasury on Account of Carlton House, and of the House or-Balance remaining in his Hands. d«red.

8 L A Motion

m

t 2° — 3°

A. 1791.

Motion for Address not to prorogue the Parliament. Meg.

A Motion wa9 made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to express to His Majesty the deep Concern His faithful Commons felt at being called upon for a Promise to make good the Expence of new Preparations for War, after having been so recently obliged to impose on their Constituents additional Taxes on Account of the late Armament against Spain:

Humbly to represent to His Majesty, that, in the Answer which they gave to His Majesty’s most gracious Message, His faithful Commons acted on a firm Reliance that His Majesty’s paternal Care and Regard for the Welfare of Hi9 People would not suffer Him, by a causeless Interference in the Disputes of other Countries, to endanger the Peace and Tranquillity of this:

has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 3* die Junii;

Anno 31° Georgii II1, U Regis, 1791.

Hoi

He

Ba-

ll*

Prayers.

That no Enquiry was made into the particular Circum- D E SThat an humble Address be pre- Address for stances which had induced His Majesty to arm, and a 4V sented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously Dignity for

Promise of Support was given as indefinite as the Object pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Chaplain.

% tfls rv M /A A l« 11 J A % a* m a.. . U L _ I _ _ A A 1 *

for which it was demanded:

That since that Period Two Months have elapsed, the Preparations for War are still continued — the Expence, for which His Majesty’s faithful Commons must hereafter provide, is Daily increasing — no Information as to its Cause or Object has yet been given; and, if Parliament should now be prorogued, His Majesty’s faithful Commons will be placed in the disagreeable, and hitherto unprecedented, Situation, of returning to their Constituents, after having, by a Vote of this House, subjected them to new Burthens, the Extent of which they cannot limit, and the Justice or Necessity of which they cannot explain:

For these Reasons, and others which the Circumstances of the Times may suggest, His Majesty’s faithful Commons humbly implore His Majesty not to prorogue the Parliament, till His Majesty shall have it in His Power to communicate to them 60me distinct Information relative to the Cause of the present Armament, in order that, if actual Hostilities should take Race, and it should be necessary for His Majesty to incur any farther Expence, His faithful Commons may have an Opportunity of exercising their hitherto undisputed Privilege, and discharging their most important Duty, in considering the Extent and Propriety of the same; as well as of assisting His Majesty, by their Advice, to form a just Judgment both as to the Expediency of past Measures, and the Policy of future Councils: And they humbly beg leave to assure His Majesty, that they will cheerfully forego the private Benefits and Comforts of an early Recess, to fulfil a

the Reverend Mr. Thomas Hay, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as Are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the Journal to b* End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of Print*d‘ this present Session, with an Index to the Forty-sixth Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for-His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds journals, to he advanced to John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred, on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Expence of give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and printing the

-: - - - - Votes.

Duty highly necessary to the Public Satisfaction, and of delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Par-

the utmost Importance to the Salvation, of the State;

The House*divided.

The Yeas went forth

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor:

Mr. Steele,

Mr. John Smyth: So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Noes,

Committee on Report of Public Income and Expenditure deferred.

Policy, if not so the liament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House

will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address he presented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give B?p*nce «f Directions for defraying the Expences attending the 'fc'

printing the Copies ot Bills, Reports, and other Papers, ' which have been printed, by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

75-

170.

ing*

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the

Monday.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which, upon the 10th Day of May last, was made from the Select Com- House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next, trsittec, to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what has been the whole Amount of the

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holfot'd and The Lords Mr. ^avettSreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sierra Leona Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Act for establishing a Company for carrying on Trade Settlement Years, and what may be expected to be the Annual between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Coasts, Ui!L Amount thereof in future, and also, what Alteration Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for enabling

7 the

3° Juniit

m

tlte said Company to hold, by Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leona, now vested in His Majesty, or l>elonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry oil the said Trade; without any Amendment: And also, llonnslow The Isolds Jiave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An lleath Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, Roald iiiH.ne <nade in the First and Tweltth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from live Powder Mills on Hounslow , in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstone, near tJ»e Tow n of ling:hot, in the Parish of in the County of Surrey, and for maintaining and repairing Kghatn Causeway, in the said County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

Edinga!« The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An locluture Bill. Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, commonly called fields, within the

Parish of Edingale, in the County of Stafford, and the Parish of Croxall, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

Ludford In- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An cloture Bill. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and \Va»te Grounds, in the Lordship of J»rd, in the county of ; without any Amend-

ment: And also,

Swansea The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An llur ur Bill. Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan; without any Amendment: And also,

Bod"7 Bill The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

1 ' Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Staines to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; without any Amendment: And also, iWhC2 The Lord* have to Bill, intituled, An

Bril. Act for making and maintaining a Canal, or Navi-

gable Communication, from or near a certain Place called Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan, to and through a certain Place called The Brickfield, near Melincrythan fill, into the River of Neath, near the Town of Neath, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

Mncnln The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Buying Bill. Act for paving the Footways of certain Streets within the City of Lincoln, for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Streets, and other Streets, Lanes, and public Passages and Places, within the said City, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and F.ncroachments therein; without any Amendment: And also,

jStoke and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, iotituled, An Dmycouto- Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, certain Moors, *U«ur* Bill. Commons, and Waste Lands, called Stoke Moor and

DrayeottMoor, within the Manor and Parish of Jloi/ney Stoke, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

Lrwuu ' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Market Bill. Act for enlarging and extending the Powers of the present Prescriptive Market within the Town and Borough of Laces,in the County of Sussex, and removing the same to a more convenient Place within the said Town and Borough, or within the Precinct of tine Castle of Laces aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

Sunderland The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Poor Bill. Act for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham; without any Amendment: And also,

Marlow The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Road Bill. Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Vol. 46.

the Road from Great Marldw, in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford;' without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to die Bill, intituled, An Ayfrsburf Act for enlarging the Terms of Two several Acts, Road Bill, passed in the Tenth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between

Bensmgton and Shilling ford, in the County of O.ijbrd, and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Postcomb and Tetsuorth, in the said County, and for making

more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending Flimwell certain Acts, of the Second and Twentyrsecond Years Vent Road of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening B,lipa*ed. the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the

Parishes of Sandhurst, Nezcenden. and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Coopers Corner, in the said County of Sussex, and foj^repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with One of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending certain Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from FlimrotU Vent, in the County of through

Highgate,in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to , in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper’s

Corner, in the said County of Sussex, and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with One of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third African Slav* Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a Eillp*w«L. limited Time, and to amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend " and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of " Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying " Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, for a limited " Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the " shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from " the Coast of Africa."

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill respect-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and ing I’ro?*ed‘ amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for rendering the mBg> &c.

" Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, and Infor- pused.

" (nations in the Nature of a Quo JVatranto, more " speedy and effectual; and for the more easy trying " and determining the Rights of Offices and Franchises iu Corporations and Boroughs," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved.'

Debate on Motion for passing Cecil's Divorce Bill adjourned.

Motion for passing Ale-house-keepers, &c. Licensing Bill.

Keg.

Address for Comparative State of Newfoundland Fishery.

(Treasury Mi-hute relating to Carlton House ordered.

Papers relating to Carlton House presented.

S6 Junii, A. 1791.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,

" An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs " of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a " Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; and for the more easy trying and determining the Rights " of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs."

Ordered, That Mr. Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Cecil, Esquire, with Emma Vernon, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to amend so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Licensing of Ale-house-keepers and Victuallers, and for better regulating Alehouses and the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also of granting Licences to Persons selling Wines to be drunk in their Houses, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {$£ Haiart. } 17-

Tellers for the Noes, } 44-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Comparative State of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland in the Years 1763, 1764 — 1773* 1774 — and, from the Year 1784 to the Year 1790, inclusive.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Minute of the Board of Treasury of this Day, relating to Carlton House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " A Return to an Order of " the House of Commons for Mr. Holland's Statement of the Receipt and Expenditure of the whole 41 Money already issued from His Majesty’s Treasury w on Account of Carlton H, and of the Balance " remaining in his Hands."

Mr. Rose also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Minute of the Board of Treasury of 3d June 1791, relating to Carlton House.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do He upon the Table, ty. be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

furnishing

of, that

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-That a Committee be appointed to examine whether the Resolutions of this House respecting ton House have been complied with, and also to enquire respecting the Application of the Money voted for the Additions to, and the House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving, out the Words, " examine whether the Resolutions of this House respecting Carlton

House have been complied with, and also to."*

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Bart of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " that" after the Word " of," and inserting the Word " Carlton " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word "that" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Carlton " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire respecting the Application of the Money voted for the Additions to, and the furnishing of, Carlton. House:

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Sheffield, Lord John Russell, Mr. Henry Dundas, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir William, Dolben, Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Pulteney, Mr- John Smyth, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Noel

Edxvards, Mr. Fox, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sheridan: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Place to Place, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Committee of Enquiry respecting tbs Application of Mosey voted for Carlton House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Committee House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole on Report of House, to consider of the Report which, upon the 10th Publ,c ln* Day of May last, was made from the Select Committee, ^^^jituri. to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what has been the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future, and also, what Alteration has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of Januaty 1786;

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 21st Day Report, made of March 1786, was made from the Select Committee, ,n >786;<U1(1 to whom it was referred to examine and state the several jUnts re' Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in that Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what may be expected to be the Annual Amount of the said Income and Expenditure in future, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the Service of the Year 1784, exclusive of those charged on the Annual Land and Malt Duties, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued for the Service of the Year 1785,

exclusive

3° — 6°

685

exclusive of those charged on the Annual Land and Malt Duties, lie refeired to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, issued for the Service of the Year 1786, exclusive of those charged on the Annual Land and Malt Duties, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered That the Account, shewing the Expence of the new Establishment of the Navy Pay Office, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Navy Debt, specifying the Amount of such Part of it as now bears Interest, ns far as the same can be made up, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the I louse resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jo/li fie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Spcuker resumed the Chair.

M r. Joilijje reported from the Committee, That they liad made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; nnd that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may l.avr Leave to sit again.

JU'olud, 'i t.at tln5 House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vr. Speaker*

Kominebon of Member* to i*soe Warrant* for Writs.

Mr. Speaker having, in pursuance of an Act, pa-sed in the Twenty-fourth Ytar of the Reign of His present Majesty, made his Appointment of Members of the House of Commons for the issuing Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, in the Cases therein mentioned, the same is here entered, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act; and is as follows:

IN PURSUANCE of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majetv, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much " ot Two Acts, made in tire Tenth and Fifteenth Y tars of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to " i-sue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, for " making out Writs for the Flection of Members to " serve in Put liaiucnt in the Manner therein mentioned, * and for substituting other Provisions for the like " Purposes," I do hereby nominate and appoint the Rigid honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden, Knight, Ma.-ter of the Rolls, the Right honourable Sir George I'oni'C, Baronet, nnd Knight of tiic Most honourable Order of t! ic Bath, tire Right honourable Charles Tounshend,the Right honourable Francis Seymour Con-a ay, commonly called Lord Viscount the

Rsjit honourable Thomas , the Honourable

F.<L ai d James Eliot, and Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Baronet, being Members of the House of Commons, or any One of them, to issue Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, in the Cases in the said Act specified. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Sixth Day One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one.

Henry Addington, > — v

Speaker. (X. S. )

Luna, 6* Junii; Anno 31* Georgii III'" Regis, 1791.

Pra v KIt 8.

Royal Assent A if ESS AGE by Mr. Quarmc, Yeoman Usher to Bill*. il of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s

Vot.

Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire, the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the Hoose of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Grenville, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; vis.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in v this Session of Parliament:

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Public Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty’s Forces in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety:

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one:

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof:

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Certificates, issued with respect to the killing of Game:

An Act to enable His Majesty to make Compensation to the Officers of the late YVine Licence Office for the Loss of their Offices:

An Act to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain of Silk- Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, unless brought directly from thence:

An Act for repealing certain Duties of Excise upon Tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and also certain Duties of Customs on Tanned Goat Skins imported:

An Act to allow the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for a limited Time:

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, a. certain Order of Council respecting the Importation of a limited Quantity of Salt Petre; for repealing the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Salt Petre, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North,

8 M and

686

6° yunii.

A. 1791.

and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belong- " and County of Salop and for providing a new

seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for allow- for fully effecting the general Purposes in the said Act ing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, mentioned:

Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lttcea, in Ouse, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the the County of; and for the better draining of

Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, of Dominioa, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of in the said County:

New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under An Act for making navigable the Rivers Wreak certain Regulations and Restrictions: and Eye, from the Junction of the said River Wreak

An Act for the better Regulation and Government with the intended Navigation from Loughborough to of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this Leicester, at or near a certain Place called

Kingdom:

An Act for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland, for a limited Time:

An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported:

Meadow, in the Lordship of Cossington, to Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes of mere, Middle, Buschurch, and Horsley, and to the

An Act to render Persons convicted of Petty Larceny Chapelry or District of otherwise Hadnal Ease,

competent Witnesses: in the County of Salop:

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the An Act more effectually to prevent Abuses and granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Frauds committed by Persons employed in the Manu-Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Im- factures of combing Wool and Worsted Yarn, in the portation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, and County to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of the said City:

of Quebec in America; to the allowing a Bounty on An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Eighteenth the Exportation of British-m&de Cordage; to continue Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, and amend several Laws relating to the Encourage- " An Act for paving of the City of Chichester," and ment of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing the Seas and Davis's Streights;and to the prohibiting the Streets, Lanes, and Public Ways and Passages within

Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the the Walls of the said City, and for removing and

Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to make perpetual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Town with Water:

preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein:

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for better supplying the said

Skins into this Kingdom:

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer:

An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Resolution or Order of the Governor General in

lighting,

watching,

An Act for paving, cleansing, widening, regulating, and improving, a certain Street, called The Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and certain other Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Encroach-Council of Fort William in Bengal, and all Acts done ments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for by virtue thereof, and for granting further Powers to shutting up Part of an Alley or Passage leading from the said Governor General during his Residence on the Bull Alley to Marygold "

Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar: An Act for widening, improving, regulating, pav-

An Act to prevent other Ships than those laden ing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and with Tobacco from Mooring and discharging their other Public Passages and Places, within the King’s Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, made Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for removing in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nui- Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties sauces, and Annoyances therein, for better supplying " on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties the said Town with Water, and for repairing the " in Lieu thereofto prohibit the Exportation of Highways within the Parish of Maidstone: damaged or mean Tobacco; and for permitting the An Act for paving the Footways of certain Streets Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the Port of within the City of , for cleansing, lighting, and

Newcastle upon Tyne: watching the said Streets, and other Streets, Lanes,

An Act to prevent Keels, Pan Keels, and Pan Boats, and public Passages and Places, within the said City, and other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoy-the Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having under- ances, and Encroachments, therein:

gone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed:

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Saffron Walden, in the County of Esse: An Act for building a new Church in the Town of

An Act for building and maintaining a Bridewell and Correction House in and for the City and County of Edinburgh:

An Act for embanking and draining certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Chat-

Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, teris and and Hamlet of Wimblington, in the

and for providing a proper Burial Ground, and mak- said Parish of Dodington, in the Isle of Ely, and County ing Provision for a Minister to officiate in the said of Cambridge; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. Church: the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Hamlet

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, pasBed of Wimblington: in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present An Act to continue Two Acts, made in the Fif- Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building the Parish teenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his " Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury, Jate Majesty King George the Second, for laying a

12 Duty

31 Geo. III. 6° Junii. 687

Duty of Two Peonies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a of Isleworih aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Penny Sterling, upon every Siott Pint of Ale and Port of the said Highways:

Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an tapped, or sold, within the Town of Kirkcaldy, and Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the lleign of His Liberties thereof: present Majesty, for rqmiring and widening the Road

An Act for establishing a Company for carrying on from The Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain and of Chester, over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the Coasts, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and the Turnpike Road in Nether Tablet/, in the said for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant County, and for turning and exchanging Part of the said from His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and Road:

from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District An Act for more effectually amending, widening, of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra and repairing, the Road through the several Parishes Leone, now vested in His Majesty, or belonging to the of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford And to carry on the said Trade: Middlesex:.

An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Harbour of Swansea,in the County of Glamorgan: passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reducing from Stancs to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesev and " into One Act of Parliament the several Laws now

Surrey: " in Force for repairing the Road leading from the

An Act for making and maintaining a Canal, or " Town or Village of Tittensor, to the most Northern Navigable Communication, from or near a certain " Part of Talk ou the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County Place, called Abernant,in the County of Glamorgan, " of and for repairing the Road from Dar-

io and through a certain Place called The Brickjtcld, " lastone Briilge, over Tittensor Heath, through the Town near Mcliucrythan Pill, into the River of Neath, near " or Village of Tittensor aforesaid;" and for making the Tow n of Neath, in the said County: and keeping in Repair a Road branching out of the

An Act for enlarging and extending the Powers said Turnpike Road near the House known by the of the present Prescriptive Market within the Town Sign of The Black Lion, to or nearly to Shelton nnd Borough of Lin es, in the County of Sussex, and all in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said County removing the same to a more convenient Place within of Stafford:

the said Town and Borough, or within the Precinct of An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads the Castle of Lcucs aforesaid: leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of

An Act for the better Maintenance and Support of Hereford, and other Roads adjoining the reto: the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland, near the Sea, in An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of the County Palatine of Durham: an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His from Dunham Feriy to the South End of Great present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating ham , in the County of Nottingham:

" Ukj Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers:" An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His pair, the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Christian Mu'ford Bridge, and from Caine to Lynehani from Works to the Turnpike Road at Kclham, and Green, and Irom the Direction Post in Long Leaze from Dcbdole the Great Northern Road at South

Lane, near Lydiard Marsh, to Cricklade, in Uie County in the County of Nottingham:

of I lilts: An Act for amending and widening several Pieces

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of of Road, and opening and making several Pieces of Two Acts, of the Sixteenth Year of King George the new Road therein described, so as to make a con-Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, venient Carriage Road from Buckingham, through for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of Brackley, to join the Daventry Turnpike Road Dear Fork, to Brough under Stainmcre, in the County of Banbury:

Westmorland, and for repairing and widening the Road An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three from Maiden Castle to Kuher Cross, and other Roads Acts, made in the First and Twelfth Years of the tlicrein mentioned, in the said Counties: Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repair-passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present ing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Majesty, for repairing and widening tire Road from Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Durly Moor, in the County of Dirby, to Ellaslon,in the near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of County of Stafford, and from thence to tire Turnpike in the County of Surrey, and for maintain-

Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties ing and repairing Egham Causeway, in the said County of Derby and Stafford: of

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Repair, the Road from Great in the County

present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Part of Counters Bridge which lies in the Parish of Oajord:

Kensington, in the County of Middlesex,leading through An Act for enlarging the Terms of Two several

the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow to the Powder Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twenty-fifth Years Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the in the said County, in the Road to Coin brook, and for Road from Aylesbury, in the County of repairing, turning, or altering, tire Highway leading through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, Road between Bensington and in the

so the Town of lsieworth, in the said County, and County of Oxford, and for amending the Road from from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Teddingtonthe -Turnpike Road at Thame to the Offen d Turnpike Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Road between Postconib and Tetsworth, in the said Great Road near SntallburyGreen Turnpike to a County, and for making more effectual Provision for House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town repairing the said Roads: -

Vo i. 4(5. An

Royal Assent to Bills.

688 6° J 1791.

ll«yal Asseut An Act for enabling Trustees to grant Leases of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

to bills. Part of the Estates of Susanna Arm Trcjfry Dormer and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas-

Jane Treffry Dormer, Infants, and to invest the Monies tures, Heath and Waste Grounds, and other Corn-

arising from the Leases to be granted on Fines in the monable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of Purchase of lteal Estates to be settled to the subsisting and in the Parish of Curdworth,

Uses of the Estates so to be leased: in the County of Warwick:

An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Partition and Division between Thomas Hustler, Es- Common Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste quire, and Richard William Peirse, Esquire, of the Grounds, within the Liberty of Chaddesden, in the . Manor and Mansion House of Acklam, in the North Parish of Spondon, and County of Derby:

Riding of the County of York, and of divers Messuages, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and laying in Se-Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in veralty, the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, and the Parishes of Acklam and Middlesbrough, and in the Commonable Lands, within the Township of Townships of Linthorpe and Airsome, in the said North ham, in the County of Cambridge:

Riding of the said County of York, and for settling An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors or Waste and limiting the Intirety of the said Manor and Man- Lands within the Manor and Parish of with

sion House, and of the specific Messuages, Farms, Badcornbe, in the County of Somerset:

Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon such Par- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common tition and Division, were allotted to each of them, Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and to the several Uses therein mentioned, and for other other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Purposes: Parish of Stockton, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons Dicconson, Esquire, and Meliorahis Wife, and Edward and Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Mesne In-Dicconson, Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, and at closures, within the Manor of Sheffield, in the West Wigan, Penwortham, Coppul, Charnock, Richard, Croston, Riding of the County of York:

Worthington, Burscoitgh, and Dalton in Furness, in the An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and County of Lancaster, in Trustees, upon Trust, to raise Grounds, in the Township of in the Parish of

Money by Sale or Mortgage thereof, and to apply the Leven, in the East Hiding of the County of York:

Money so to be raised in the Purchase of an Estate at An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Parbotd, in the said County of Lancaster, to be settled Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, to the Uses of the settled Estates: and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Nettlcton, in

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Samuel the County of Lincoln:

Clowes, the Younger, Esquire, in the County of Lan- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-caster, in himself, in Fee Simple, and for settling an mon Fields, Meadow Ground, Half Year's Land,

Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in Lieu Common Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish thereof, and in Exchange for the same, and for enabling of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for embank-the said Samuel Clowes to grant Building Leases of the ing and draining the said Common Fens, and certain Estate hereby settled: inclosed Low Lands adjoining thereto, called The

An Act for amending and rendering effectual the Grounds, in or near the Township of North

Power of Sale contained in the Marriage Settlement Kyme, in the said County:

of Sir Jacob Wolff', Baronet, and Dame Anne, his Wife, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and so. far as such Power relates to, or extends over, the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Manor of Chumleigh, and divers Messuages, Lands, Lot Grounds, and other Commpnable Lands and and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Grounds, in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets of I Vest Southampton, which have been settled to the Uses Langton, East Lang ton, ThorpeLangton, and TurLangton, therein limited: in the County of Leicester:

An Act to empower Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Coin-and his Issue Male, and also the several Tenants for mon Fields, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Life under the Will of the Duke of Kingston, and their Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of respective Issue Male, to grant Building Leases: Oddington, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of Sir An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Com-Charles Sheffield, Baronet, deceased, and devised by his mon and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Corn-Will in strict Settlement, in Trustees to be sold, and mon Pastures, commonly called Fields, within

for laying out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Parish of Edingale, in the County of Stafford, and the Purchase of other Estates more contiguous to the the Parish of Croxall, in the County of Dewy:

Bulk of the Family Estate of the said Sir Charles Shes- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-field, in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Uses: Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Ludfordr

An Act for effectuating and establishing an Exchange in the County of Lincoln: agreed upon between the Trustees of Wilde's Charity An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, certain and Robert Sparrow, Esquire, and Alary Bence, Spinster, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Stok$ of certain Estates, in the County of Suffolk: Moor and Draycott Moor, within the Manor and Parish

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer- of Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somerset: tain large Open Tract of Land, within the Manor of An Act to enable Henry Hopkins Fane, Esquire, and Holy Island, in the County Palatine of Durham; and Katherine his Wife, and the Heirs Male of the Body of for extinguishing the Right of Common upon the ancient the said Katherine, to take the Surname of Infield Lands within the said Island: only, and to bear the Arms of the Family of the

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Cholmleys of Whitby and Wentworth of ,pur-

or W aste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of suant to the Will of Nathaniel Cholmley, Esquire, de-Heunor and Codnor,in the Parish of Heanor, in the ceased:

County of Derby: An Act to enable Esquir$,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the of Acton only, pursuant to the Will of Edward Acton, Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called Gedncy Esquire, deceased:

ifo, in the County of Lincoln: An Act to enable Thomas Leigh, Esquire, and the

Heirs

/i

k

689

6° Junii.

Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname

and Arms of Hare only:

An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis,

Esquire:

An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ravce.

Antuers lo Addieitct.

The Furl of Courtcnni reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes, |

Sir George Howa,

24.

printing the Copies of bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed, by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the

Mr. Fowke's Petition reported.

Debate on

Motion for passing Cecil's Divorce Bill resumed*

Mr. Henry Hobart.

Sir John Ingilby, j Mr. Baker/

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir George Howard do carry the Bill Cecil*

be pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath D‘vo*ye Bill the Reverend Mr. Thomas Hay, Chaplain to this agreed to the same, without any Amendment paS8e *

House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that

His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and House, that He will confer some Dignity in the Church Mr. Montagu: ^*ve»gre

upon the Reverend Mr. Thomas Hay, as is desired. Mr. Speaker,

The Earl of Courtounalso retried to the House, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Finsbory That their Addresses of Friday last (that His Majesty Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, Square Pav-would be graciously pleased to order the Sum ut £. 1,200 repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finsbury Square, in the in® "lU* to be advanced to John llalsell, Esquire, Clerk of this Parish of Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and House, tow art Is defraying the Expence of printing the Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other Streets Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary and Places communicating with, or near to, the said

Expences os have been, or shall be, incurred, on Ac- Square, and for prev^iting or removing Nuisances and count of the printed Journals and Reports of this Annoyances within the same; without any Amendment:

House; and also, that His Majesty would be gra- And also,

ciously pleused to give Directions for d< fraying the The . Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Alconbury Lxpeuce of printing and delivering the Votes of this Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common IndowireBilb House of this Session of Parliament; and also, that Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Di- Lands, within the Parish of Alconbury with Weston, in rections for defraying the Expcuces attending the the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Livingston* Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, made for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that Kirk of Shot is, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town His Majesty had commanded hiui to acquaint this of Hamilton, to the Town of Strathaoen, and for House, that lie will give Directions as desired by the repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines saul Addresses. of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate, to the

The Eurl of Cow-townlikewise reported to the House, Town of , and for repairing the several

That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty Roads leading into the City of , so far as

would l>c graciously pleased to give Directions that there the same relate to the Road leading from the Town be laid before this House, a Comparative State of the of Airdrie towards the City of Glasgow, through the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland in the Years Village of Shettleston, till it falls into the Great Road 17G3, '76a — 1773.1774 — -and, from the Year 178410 from Murriehall, to the said City; and for repairing the Year 1790, inclusive) had been presented to His the Road from the said Great Road, by Diygatt and Majesty; ami that His Majesty had commanded him HhitehUl, to and for repairing and widening

to acquaint this House, that He w ill give Directions several other Roads; and for building a Bridge over the accordingly. River at or near Theevesfoord; and for opening

and making certain Streets in and near the City of Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Glasgow; without any Amendment: And also, whom the Petition of Joseph Fowke was referred; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Duppa’* (Sq. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Act to enable Baldwin Esquire, and his First Nwae

said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, and other Sons, and their Issue Male, to take, use, and Bl as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the bear, the Name and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Will of Baldwin Duppa, Esquire, deceased; without any the Clerk’s Table. Amendment: And also,

Ordard, That the said Report be taken into Consi- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Duppa’* (Ju-deration Tomorrow Morning. Act to enable Baldwin Duppa Hancom, of Holling- n'01) Nam*

bourne, in the County of Kent, Esquire, and his Heirs, BlH*

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pur-journed Debate on the Motion made upon Friday suant to the Will of Baldwin late of Holling-

last, 'I hat the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, bourne aforesaid, Esquire, deceased; without any An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Cecil, Esquire, Amendment: And also,

with Emma Vernon, his now Wife, and to enable him to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hopeand marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- Dodlwton do pass; monsand Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hope, Ipriosure and

And the Agents for Mr. and Mrs. Cecil were called in the County of Flint, and also a certain Tract of Dr*uw£ in; and, at the Bar, severally examined, touching the Common or Waste Ground in the Townships of Lower *

Amount of Mrs. Cecifs Fortune at the Time of her Kinnerton and Dodleston, within the Manor and Parish

of Dodleston, in the County of Chester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dee River Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between Company’* the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for Agreement recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Ul Dee, and certain Lords of Manors, and other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Voi.. 4G. 8 N Commons,

Marriage: ami with respect to her present Income; and also to the further Provision intended to be made for her niter the passing of the said Bill; and to prove Mrs. Cecil's Consent and Desire that the Bill might pass.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

Then the Question being put, That the said Bill do

Commons, and the Old Common Salt Marshes, lying on the South Side of the said River, below, or to the North East of Greenfield Gate, in the County of Flint, and an Award made in Consequence thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

Kingston, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An he. Road Act for more effecttwdly amending, widening, and Bill, with keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Kingston Amendments. upcn j'/tames,in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Skeetbridge, near Petersfiin the County of Southampton; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Quebec Bill, The I/)rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An with Amend- Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the nunto- Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act for making more effectual Provision for 4t the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North " America," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province; with some Amendments; to which Amendments Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lords Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords

Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal certain Parts of to Quebec an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Ma-

considered. Reign> intituled, "An Act for making more

"effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America," and to make ' further Provision for the Government of the said Pro-

vince, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. Montague, from Cham- from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, OfficeDpre- attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the seated/ Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th July 1790: And also,

An Accoant of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing Blackfriars Bridge, &c. from the 29th Day of September 1789, exclusive, to the 29th Day of September 1790, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of die City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street or Opening from Moorfields, opposite C'hiswell Street,towards the East, into gate Street, &c. from the 29th Day of September 1789, exclusive, to the 29th Day of September 1790, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, to purchase die present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, &c. from the 29th Day of September 1789, exclusive, to the 29th Day of 1790, inclusive:

And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the said City and Liberties, &c. from the 29th Day of September 1789, exclusive, to the 29th Day of September 1790, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon die Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Pa- Paper* relat-pers which were presented to the House upon Friday ingtoCarltm last, by Mr. Rose, relating to Carlton House, be printed, pr°"t^d>to as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the p House.

Ordered, That there be prepared, in order to be Lieu of Pen-laid before this House in the next Session of Par- sons confined liament. Lists of the Names of all the Persons who October shall be confined for Debt, on the 1st Day of October 179lf0r(jer-1791, in the several Prisons within the Kingdom of ed. England, the Principality of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; distinguishing whether such Persons are so confined in Execution, or upon Mesne Pro-' cess; and specifying the particular Sums foi* which such Persons are charged, respectively, and the Times when they were first committed, and which of them are married and have Children, as far as it can be dope; and also specifying how many of the said Debtors receive Allowances under the Acts, commonly called The Lords Acts: And that with such Lists there be also sent an Account of the greatest Number of Persons confined for Debt, at any one Period, in each Year, since the Year 1780, in each Gaol; and how many Debtors have died in each Gaol, since the Year 1780, the Amount of their Debts respectively, and the Time for which each was confined; and distinguishing the Courts out of which the Process issued upon which such Debtors were confined.

Ordered, That the said Order be sent to the Sheriffs of the several Counties in England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that Copies of the same be transmitted by them to the Gaolers and Keepers of all the Prisons where Debtors are confined withiq their respective Counties.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion reposed, That the Payments to His Majesty’s Troops specting Payserving in India, and those of the East India Company, 2?e,ltet^erv. ought to be kept as equal as possible, and that the re- ing^T India* spective Payments should be so ordered, that the Troops superseded, of the said East India Company should not be exposed to any Delay or Loss by Exchange, or otherwise, from which His Majesty’s Troops serving in the same Garrisons or Districts may be exempted;

Ordered, That the other Order of the Day be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider further of the Report which, on Report of upon the 10th Day of May last, was made from the J>ublic Select Committee, to whom it was referred to examine Ex'oondimre and state the several Accounts and other Papers, pre- *

sented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House w'hat has been the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future; and also, what Alteration has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

7° Jun

691

Mortis, 7® die Junii',

Anno 31*

Georgii

111'" Regis, 1791.

Porlfster, &c. lViiiiua

in Fav«»nr of Tux on Do^s.

A

Milborre Pori Writ,

Pit A VERS.

PETITION of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint Margaret, within the City of Rochesterthe Parishes of Chatham, Gillingham, St rood. Hailing, Biriing, Chalk, Hoo, and Snodtund,in the Count of was presented to the

House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for a Tax upon Persons keeping Dogs, to be applied in Aid of the Poor's Rates; and recommending such a Tax to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments mode by their Lordships.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report on , into Consideration the Report which was made from Mr. Fowke's the Committee, to whom the Petition of Joseph ^dered! C°U*

was referred.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, in Obedience to the Order of the House, examined into the Matter of the said Petition.

For this Purpose they have had before them sundry Documents from the East India House, and have examined the late Chairman of the East India -pany, and also heard the said Joseph; and, on the Result of their Enquiry, it appears to your Committee, That Mr. Fow/re and his Father have served the East India Company for a great Number of Years.

It appears to your Committee, That the Father of the Petitioner served that Company in several Stations in

the electing ot a Burgess to serve in this present Par- the Presidency of their Settlement of Madras, without

liuuicnt for the Borough of Port, in the County of Sumer set, in the room of Coles

cott, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of H is Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desf»>r,.ugh, and Boiunham,in the County of Buck-inn hum.

any Reproach whatever, during a Period of Fifty Years.

That Mr. Joseph Fawke, the Petitioner, was born in the Settlement, and under the Company’s Protection.

That Mr. Joseph Fawke was appointed a Writer in the Company’s Service at Fort Saint George as early as on the 14th Day of January 1735, Fifty-six Years ago.

Lords Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into They find that the Court of Directors, by their Gene-

Aroendmenu Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to _ - .

to QueUrc Bill agreed to.

the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reiirn, intituled, "An Act for making more effectual " Provision for the Government of the Province of " Quebec, in North America and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded lo take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as

followeth; viz. Pr. S. I. 2.',. Pr. 17. I. ii.

Leave out " or Felony."

Alter " Elections" insert giving " not less than Eight Days Notice of such Time."

1. 28. After " Province" insert "

giv-Notice

Pr. 21. 1.

4

5-

to-

" 1

4

I 1 After

<4

Pr. 22. 1. 27.

Pr. 23. 1. 20.

ral Letter to Fort Saint dated 3d November 1749, directed a Council to be appointed at Madras, of which Mr. Fawke was to be Second. By their General Letter to the same Place of the 12th of January 1749-50, they named certain Persons to compose the Council for the Management of all their Affairs on the Coromandel Coast Establishment, in which Mr. Fawke was to be Fifth.

On the 7th of May 1750, the Governor and Council of Fort Saint David chose to suspend, by their own Authority, on Grounds or Pretexts by them assigned (and which arc annexed in the Appendix, N* 1.) the Execution of the Plan sent out to them to be executed.

That it appears to your Committee, That the then Members of the said Council proceeded in a secret Manner, and gave Mr. Fawke no Sort of Notice of the Company's Directions regarding him.

It appears to your Committee, That by some Means this Proceeding of the Governor and Council of Fort Saint David's came to the Ears of Mr. Fawke: In consequence of his receiving this Intelligence, on the 22d of May 1750, Mr. Fawke wrote a Letter to the Board, such Secretary of State, testi- desiring to have a Copy of the Company’s Orders lying the Day on which such concerning him, and of the Board's Resolution thereon; which the Secretary was directed to send him. Mr. Fawke w rote another Letter to the Board on the 4th of June 1750, upon the Subject of his being excluded from his Appointment of Second at Fort Saint George till the Company's Pleasure should be known. ’

It also appeared to your Committee by the Fort Saint George Consultations of 9th July 1750, That the Board had resolved that Mr. Fawke should continue there until the Arrival of Mr. Saunders at Fort Saint David, and until they are acquainted with the Resolution of that Board, whether Mr. Fawke is to remain, as Second of Council at that Place, or accept of the Company's last Appointment.

That it appears to yogr Committee, by the Company's General Letter to Fort Saint George, dated 23d August 1751, That they appointed a new Council for the Management of their Affairs at Fort Saint George, and named Mr. Joseph Fawke as Fifth in Council; but

it

" ing due and sufficient " thereof."

After " Disallowance" insert " gether with a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of

Bill was said."

received a9 afore-

" signified " leave out Manner aforesaid."

in

After "made" insert "and as if " the said Province of Quebec " had not been divided."

After " Form" insert " and subject to such Appeal theretrom."

Pr. 26. I. 2. Leave out from " except," in same Press.

Pr. 29. 1. 36. Leave out from " Parish"

" And," in Press 30. Line 7.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vo 1.. 4(j.

" respectively" to Line 11 of the

to

A. 1791.

Heport of Mr. Fowke Petition.

692 7° Junii.

it appears Mr Fowke could not have known of this last '* Appointment, as by General Letter from Fort Saint David, dated 30th Septembor 1751, the Company were informed he was coming to England.

It appears ter your Committee, That Mn Fowke did return to England, and did continue in England for several Years; and your Committee examining the said Mr. Fowke concerning the Cause of his having been so long a Time out of the Company’s Employment, he informed your Committee as follows: That very shortly after his Return, but how soon he could not say, the Court of Directors were very desirous of making some Regulations in their Governments Abroad; the Salaries and Allowances of their Presidents being thought fully unequal to the Labours they sustained in their Offices: They wished therefore to put them upon some honourable Footing, and for this Purpose the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors, consisting of Messrs. Drake, Mab-

bott and Burrows, sent a Deputation to him, without any Application of his, either by himself or Friends, desiring he would accept the Charge of their Affairs at Fort Saint George, on the Coromandel Coast. This he objected to upon the Regulations that then existed, and made Proposals to them of serving them upon a fixed Salary, excluding all Perquisites whatever. He had many Conferences with these Gentlemen, who were esteemed the Mouth of the' Court of Directors, and had Power to act by themselves, which ended in their Declaration of their not being empowered to give him any fixed Salary, as it would draw on Applications from the Court End of the Town too powerful to be resisted. Why will not you, said they, accept of this Government on the Terms that other Persons have before you ? Take the Post, and do as others have done before you. — Mr. Fowke replied, If they would utter this in full Court, he would accept of the Government. That they could not do, they said. — His Answer to which was, That he could not accept privately what they could not promise publicly. The Salary was £. 150 per Annum, and the Diet Money about ,£.3,000 a Year, for feeding all the Servants; ana what Mr. Fowke demanded would have come to near £. 5,000 a Year. After this Business went off. Sir llilliam Baker proposed to him the Government of Calcutta, still on the Part of the Direction. To that Government he objected on other Motives, and would accept it on no Terras, as he saw the Fort at that Time was utterly indefensible, and he did not care to risk his Honour in it. That in 1764 he did apply for the Government of Fort Saint George, upon the warm Recommendation of Lord Clive, the Government being then put upon the Footing of fixed Establishment m hich he had first suggested. That Mr. Fowke stated this to the Committee, to shew that his Character has been uniform through Life, as he had been recommended by Men of the first Character in India; that this was a Matter of Notoriety to all those who were concerned in the Affairs of at that Period; that

lie at that Time printed a Paper, stating nearly these Facts.

That it appears to your Committee, That in the Year 1770, Mr. Fowke presented a Petition to the Court of Directors, for Permission to return to Fort Saint George under the Character of a Free Merchant, which having been referred to the Committee of Correspondence, they reported, that having Reference to the particular Circumstances of the Case of Mr. Fowke, who had served the Company many Years on their Civil Establishment at Madras,in the Station of One of the Council

in a Manner highly satisfactory, the Committee were of Opinion that he be permitted to proceed to, and reside at. Fort Saint George os a Free Merchant, notwithstanding the Order of the Court, that no Free Merchants or Free M miners be permitted to proceed to

India that Season; and the Court, by their Order of the 31st October 1770, permitted him to proceed there accordingly.

It appears to your Committee, That Mr. Fowke, then in India, waa re-admitted into the Service of the Company, and on the 8th of January 1778 appointed the youngest Senior Merchant on the Bengal Establishment, with Leave to reside at Benares on his own Account

That it appears to your Committee, That the Governor General and Council, by their Order of 28th December 1780, appointed Mr. Joseph Fowke to an Office, that of Compiler of Standing Orders, with a Salary of 1,500 Rupees per Month.

That it appears to your Commttee, That upon a general Reduction of Offices for the Purpose of (Economy, this Appointment was taken away, and the Subsistence 6f 1,500 Rupees per Month, granted to Mr. Fowke by the Governor General and Council, in consequence thereof was, by Order of the Court of Directors, finally abolished on die 28th September 1785.

In this Manner Mr. Fowke, then in an advanced Age, and without any Complaint against him on the Part of the Directors, which your Committee have been able to discover, was left without any Office under the Company.

That it appears to your Committee, That the Court of Directors, pursuing their Ideas of oeconomical Reform, and willing at the same Time not utterly to ruin deserving or innocent Servants, by the General Letter of their Court to Bengal, dated 21st September 1785, signified their Determination to make certain Allowances to their Servants, according to their Rank and Fortune, during the Time they should be out of Employment, and authorized the Governor General and Council to signify to their Servants out of Employment, that they had the Court's Permission to return to England, where they should enjoy their Annuities till the Time they were again put into Employment

' That it appears to your Committee, That this Order having been made public in Bengal by Earl -

Us, Governor General, and the Council, the Petitioner Joseph Fowke, being then out of Employ, and enjoying, in common with all Servants out of Employment, onFy the mere Allowance of his Rank as Senior Merchant did apply to Earl Cornwallis to return to Europe on th© Terms and Conditions of the Declaration and Assurance of the Court of Directors, made in their Letter of the 21st of September 1785; and that in consequence thereof the said Earl Cornwallis and Council did give him their Permission to return to England, as follows in their Minute dated the 6th December 1787.

" Bengal General Consultations.

" Agreed, that Mr. Fowke be permitted to return " to Europe in the Princess Royal, to draw the Subsistence or Pension allowed to Servants of his Standing, according to the Provision made by the Court " of Directors in the 75th, 76th, and 77th Paragraphs " of their General Letter, dated 21st September 1785."

It appears to your Committee, That the Governor General and Council did inform the Court of Direc-ors of their having given Mr. Fowke Permission to return, and of the Terms on which they had given the said Permission, in their Letter of the 12th January 1788, as follows:

" Par. 44. We have permitted Mr. Nicholas Grueber, Mr. Joseph Foivke, and Mr. Arthur of your Civil Service, to return to Europe: Mr.

" las Grueber for the Benefit of his Health; Mr. " Fowke on the Subsistence allowed in your General " Letter of the 21st September 1785 to Servants of his " Rank; and Mr. Molony for the Settlement of hii 12 " private

2

private Affairs: Messieurs Grueber and em-

" ir.irkcd in the Princess Royal, and Mr. in the

41 Busbridge"

That Air. Fowke., in consequence of the said Permission, and on the Faith of the said Order of the 21st of September 1785, took his Passage for Europe in the Month of December 1787, before any other Order concerning the Allowances to Servants out of Employ had arrived in Bengal.

Your Committee find, That the Court, by their General I ^et ter to Bengal of 27th March 1787, directed, that on Leave been granted to any of the Company's Civil Servants on the Bengal Establishment to return to their Stations, it be on Condition of their consenting to make the Proof required, and to accept the Allowances agreed to be made them by the General Letter of the 21 st September 1785, and also that they give Bond to re-pay to the Company what may have been paid them or their Agents in Bengal beyond those Allowances. — And that such of the Company’s Servants on the Bengal Civil Establishment as have resigned on the before-mentioned Pensions, and have notified their Arrival in England, and requested to remain on those Pensions, be called upon to signify ther Consent to the aforesaid Conditions, and acquainted that in Failure thereof they will be considered as having relinquished the Company’s Service.

It appears also, That the Court of Directors, after the Departure of Mr. Fowke from Bengal, did make and notify to the Governor General and Council, by their General Letter to Bengal, dated 28th March, 178S, that they had resolved, That no Civil Servant is entitled to the Allowances mentioned in the Court’s Orders to Bengal, of the 21st September 1785, and 27th March 1787, who came Home either on Account of Health, or private Affairs; that those Pensions be confined to such Persons only as were actually deprived of their Situations and Employments, or who were out of Employment in consequence of the Retrenchments made in the Bengal Establishment; that, to entitle any Person to receive such Pensions, he must give satisfactory Proof to the Court as to the Amount of his Fortune at the Time of his leaving Bengal, in which Case, agreeably to the Court's beforementioned Orders, he will be entitled to receive as follows; viz. — A Senior Merchant, whose Fortune at the Time aforesaid was not equal to £. 10,000, as much as, with the Interest of his own Money, shall

field him an Annuity of £.400 Annum’, a Junior lei chant in like Manner £. 300 per Annum; a Factor, or Writer, £. 200 per Annum’, and the Court directed the Governor General and Council to cause the foregoing Resolutions to be published for the Information of their Servants at that Presidency.

That it ap[wars to your Committee, That by various untoward Accidents Mr. Fowke did not arrive in England until August 1788; and that on the 14th Day of October in that Year, he acquainted the Court of Directors of his Arrival in England, and at the same Time made Application for the Pension of £. 400 per Annum, to which, agreeably to their Orders, he was entitled: That on the 15th of October, the said Application was referred to the Committee of Correspondence to examine and report

That Mr. Fowke having waited for some Time the Effect of the said Report, he did, on the 13th of the following November, deliver in an Attestation of his Fortune to Mr. Morton, the Company’s Secretary.

Mr. Fowke still hearing nothing concerning his Application by Letter to the Court, of the 29th December 1788, pressed for a Decision upon his Application for the Annuity; and requested, if the Court should reject his Petition, to have Permission to return to his Station at Calcutta in one of the Ships of the Season.

That it does not appear to your Committee that any Notice whatsoever was taken of this Application; Vol. 46.

but several Months baring elapsed without his receiving any Satisfaction, on the 18th of June 1789 Mr. Fowke wrote another Letter to the Court, reminding them of his former Letters, and of the Severity of his Situation, and pressing for Relief, which Letter on the 24th of June was referred to the Committee of Correspondence to examine and report.

That it app 3ars to your Committee, That no Report was made uiflil the 11th of November 1789, near Four Months after the Reference, and above a Twelve-month from his first Application, when the Committee, in their Report of that Date, offered it as their Opinion to the Court, that Mr. Fowke does not come under the Description of Persons entitled, by the Court’s Orders of the 2tst 1785, and 28th

March 1788, to receive Pensions, and that therefore his Request in that Respect be not complied with; and the Committee offered it as their further Opinion, that he be permitted to return to his Rank in the Company’s Service in Bengal by one of the Ships of this Season.

On reading the Report, the Court resolved, That Mr. Fowke be permitted to return to his Rank this Season: And Mr. Morton, by Letter of the 27th of November 1789, acquainted him with the Court’s Determination.

That your Committee do not find that any Reason is assigned in the Report, or in the Determination, why either the Committee or the Court did not conceive Mr. Fowke to be within the Orders of 1785 or 1788, one or either of them.

Your Committee find. That Mr. Fowke, who had come to England on the Faith of the Orders of the 25th of September, and conceived himself within the true Intent and Meaning of all the Orders, made a Remonstrance to the Court of Directors, in a Letter of the 15th of December 1789, cotnplaining of the hard Treatment he had received at their Hands, which Letter was referred to the Committee of Correspondence, to examine and report.

It appears to your Committee, That it was not until the 22d of April 1790 the Committee, on considering Mr. Fowkes Letter, determined, that they saw no Reason to depart from the Opinion given in their Report of the 11 th of November last; which Resolution, as before, without any Reason assigned, was, on the 23d of April, reported and agreed to by the Court — Mr. Morton, by Letter of the 26th of April 1790, acquainted Mr. Fowke with the Court’s Determination.

That it appears to your Committee, That since that Period, Mr. Fowke never did receive any Pension or Allowance, or any Satisfaction why no Pension or Allowance was given to him, although, as in his Petition he states, he had given in upon Oath, upon Faith of the Company’s Engagements, an exact Inventory of his whole Fortune, as he saith, exposing his Poverty, and the Distress of his Situation, to the World, and doing an irreparable Injury to his Credit, if at his Time of Life, loaded with Years and Infirmities, he was to undertake another Adventure to India, for the Sake of Trade.

That your Committee, being desirous of laying a full Information of all the Particulars of the Case, both on the Part of Mr. Fowke, and on that of the Court of Directors, before the House, did severally examine the said Mr. Fowke concerning his Proceedings, and Mr. Devaynes, then Deputy Chairman of the Court of Directors, in order to discover the Principles upon which the Court had delayed to answer Mr. Applica-

tion, and had finally rejected it.

Mr. Joseph Fowke being examined, said, That the Court of Directors did not assign any Reason to him why they continued so long without taking Notice of his Petition, but observed a total Silence; that, soon after his Arrival in England, he waited on Mr. Smith,

8 0 the

Report on Mr. Fowke'f Petition.

A. 1791.

Report on Mr. Fowke' Petition.

694 7° Ju

the Chairman, but was denied — he waited upon him a '» Second Time, and met with the same Fate; that he then applied to Mr. Devaynes by Letter, in which he begged an Interview with him, but to that Letter he never received any Answer; that no Reasons which induced the Court of Directors to declare his Petition, founded on their Letter of the 2tst September 1785, a9 not coming within the Terms of, their Resolution, have been communicated to him — That, as well as he can recollect, his Father was Fifty Years in the Service of the Company, Thirty of which he was a Member of Council at Fort Saint ‘George — That he was born at Fort Saint George, and will be Seventy-five Years of Age next October.

And Mr. Fowke being examined with respect to the State of his Health‘since he came to England, said, That it was pretty good for the first Year, but that he received a severe Stroke of the Palsy on the 1st of August 1789, which took away the Use of one Side of him, and he continued same for some Months, with his Face distorted, and a Ix»ss of Speech, which he did not recover completely in Six Months afterwards, and he at present feels the Effects of it, though wonderfully recovered — That he suffered severely from the Gravel, which almost crippled him for Two Months last Winter — That he was totally deaf for Two Months some Time ago, and at present hears very ill — That his Voyage Home had been attended with great Expence, as he paid Five Hundred Pounds for his Passage, and believes any one that is acquainted with the Expences of a Passage will not think Two hundred Pounds an unreasonable Charge for him, with a Servant, especially as after he had taken his Passage the Ship was ordered to Bombay.

And being asked, What he had to live on during the Time he was soliciting for the Allowance from the Company ? he said, The Stock he bought amounted to Forty-eight Pounds per Annum.

Your Committee, being desirous of knowing upon what Ideas the Court of Directors proceeded in their Delay to enquire into the Ground of Mr.

Claims, and on which they finally rejected them, asked Mr. Devaynes, late Chairman of the East India Company, Upon what Terms Mr. Fowke came Home? he said, He understood Mr. Fowke was a Pensioner before he came Home.

And your Committee, conceiving that this Answer did not tend to throw any great Light upon the Question, asked, If it w:as on that Principle Mr. Fowke had a Licence to come Home ? he said, That he conceived there was some Contradiction or Misunderstanding between the Orders of the Company and the Resolutions of the Government abroad.

And being asked. Whether he did not consider the Reduction of the Company’s covenanted Servants, and the putting such of those who were not provided for on Pension, with certain Conditions relative to their Fortunes, as a Regulation adopted by the Company? he said, With respect to' any Offices that were abolished, Yes; but with respect to Pensioners, he had his Doubts.

And being asked, What Inducement was there for a Servant, who enjoyed a Pension, and had not the Fortune required by the Company to put him above the Pension, to come over in consequence of the Company's Regulations, and thereby to unload the Bengal Establishment from the Claims of such Servants as were unemployed? he said, He thought the Pensioners were ordered to be struck off, which makes the Distinction between Servants in Office, whose Offices were abolished, and a Pensioner.

And being asked, How it came to be a smaller Hardship for a Man to be dismissed from his Pension than from his Office ? he said, He thought there was a great Difference between a Man in Office and a Pensioner.

And being asked, What was the Reason of the Dif-

nil.

ference with regard to the Hardship? he said, He thought that if (Economy was absolutely necessary, that the Case of a Man who was deprived of an Office was different from that of a Pensioner.

And being asked, If there was any Rule or Order of the Court of Directors which hinders a Pensioner from having as good a Title to a new Office as a Man displaced from Office ? he said, He did not know that there was any.

And being asked, If he recollected, whether Mr. Fowke was not the Person actually deprived of Office? he said, He believed not.

And being asked, Whether he had not been possessed of an Office for the Purpose of compiling and digesting the Company’s Orders to their Government in Bengal, conferred upon him in consequence of the favourable Recommendation of the Company ? he said, He thought there was a Minute of the Council, stating that the Office was made and given him in consequence of such Recommendation.

And being asked, Whether he was not removed from that Office ? he said, He was pretty clear he was; but was not clear whether afterwards the Office had not some additional Duty made to it for his Successor.

And being asked, Whether he was removed in consequence of any Complaints that came to his Knowledge? he said, None that he recollected.

And being asked, If Mr. Fowke came to Europe upon the Company’s Pension, and actually received it, giving up that on the Bengal Establishment, what would be the Saving to the Company by the Difference? lie said, He did not see that there was any, the Difference only being, that one was paid in England and the other in India.

And being asked, What was the Difference to Mr. Fowke, between losing his Pension in Bengal and getting none in England? he said, He stated some Account by which he made the Claim.

And being asked, Whether Lord Cormcallis, on Mr. Fozoke’a coming from India, notified to him that he was to lose his Pension or Allowance as a Senior Merchant in the Company’s Service, without any Compensation to be given him in England ? he said, He did not know that he did.

And being asked, Whether Mr. Fowke came away with the Knowledge and Consent of Lord Cornwallis, as a Company’s Servant removed from Office, or not provided for by an Office ? he said, He came over with the Leave of the Government, but they do not commonly assign a Reason.

And being asked, Whether be thought he came Home under a bond Jide Expectation of receiving a Pension, Allowance, or Annuity, from the Company, in consequence of their Regulation ? he said. He did not think that the Company’s Regulation was so clear, but believes he came Home with such an Expectation.

And being asked, Whether, when Mr. Fowke came Home, he took the Oath relative to the Extent of his Fortune, agreeably to the Company’s Regulation with regard to Servants out of Employment? he said, He believed he did.

And being asked, Whether Mr. Fowke made any Application to the Company for the Allowance in consequence of the Declaration of his Fortune ? he said, He thought he did Twice.

And being asked, How long it was before he received an Answer to his First Application ? he said. He could not tell.

And being asked, If it wa9 not a considerable Time? he said, As the Committee are in Possession of the Papers, they will shew it more certainly.

And being asked. If he could assign any Reason why so long a Time was taken in giving an Answer to that Old Man ? he said, No.

And being asked. What Answer did the Court give when they did take his Application'into Consideration?

deration? be said. He thought they considered his Claim ill-founded, and negatived it

And being asked. For what Reason they thought his Claim ill-founded ? he said. He believed principally from his being a Pensioner, and not a displaced Servant.

And being asked, If they entered any Minute in which this Reason of Refusal was assigned ? he said, The Report of the Committee may possibly state a Reason.

And being asked. If any Reason of the Refusal was communicated to Mr. Fowke by any Order of the Committee or the Court? he said. The Report was certainly communicated to him.

And being asked, Whether Mr. was ever beard before the Committee or the Court in Support of his Claim? he said, He believed not; it is a Thing very rarely admitted.

And being asked, If be was heard privately by the Chairman or the Deputy Chairman, or by any other of the Committee ? be said, He did not know that Mr. Fowke was, nor did he think it necessary he should, as every Person is desired to state in Writing every Tiling the y have to say.

And being asked, W’hether it is of Course for the Chairman ami Deputy Chairman not to hear privately or publicly the Servants of Standing in their Service relative to their Claims or Pretensions? he said, He always made it a Practice to admit, from the Governor General to a Common Soldier, any Person that came to his House, excepting it was of a Court Day, when he was under the Necessity of being at the India House by Eleven of the Clock in the Morning.

And being asked, Whether Mr. Fowke ever waited upon him ? he said, He believed he did.

And being asked. Whether he saw Mr. Fowke? he said, He thought he did.

And being asked, Whether Mr. Fowke explained his Case to him ? he said. We had some Conversation on the Subject

And being asked, If he recollected when and what it was? he said, It was impossible for him to recollect when, as he generally had Twenty People every Morning.

And being asked, If he recollected whether he assigned to Mr. Fowke the Reason of the Committee ? he said, No, be did not think he saw Mr. Fowke after the Determination of the Committee.

And being asked. If he recollected whether at any Conversation previous to the Determination of the Committee, he assigned to Mr. Fowke any Reason why his Application would probably meet with no Success ? he said, He did not suppose he did; for if the Chairman of the East India Company was to discuss the Points of every Application to the Company, Ten Years would not suffice to do One Year’s Business.

And being asked, Whether it was a Thing of Couree for facilitating of Business, that he never assigned a Reason for granting or refusing the Object of any Appli cation ? he said. He seldom did.

Your Committee finding a material Difference in the Account given by Mr. of his having

admitted the Petitioner to an Audience, and conferred with him upon his Case, and the Declaration of the Petitioner, that be had frequently applied for an Audience but received no Answer, and never had seen the late Deputy Chairman; — the Petitioner offered to make Oath to the Truth of his Allegation, and did present to your Committee the following Affidavit:

Joseph Fowke, of Great Portland Street, London, maketh Oath, That some Time after his Arrival in England, in August 1788, he waited upon Mr. Smith, then Chairman of the Court of Directors of the English East India Company, with an Intention of explaining himself on the Subject of his Return to England, but unfortunately Was denied Admittance; and, to the Vox. 46.

best of his Remembrance, he repeated the Visit with no better Success. — That, upon this Failure, the said Joseph Fowke waited upon Mr. the Deputy

Chairman, who was likewise denied to him; and, that nothing might be wanting on his Part to procure an Interview, he afterwards directed a Letter to him, begging, in respectful Terms, to be favoured with a Meeting, to which he received no Answer. — He further maketh Oath, That he has never seen Mr. Devaynes since his Arrival in England, being an utter Stranger to his Person, nor is conscious that he has ever seen him in his Life.

before m., 1 j , WiUm,

the 4th Day of June 1791./

Your Committee also observing that the late Deputy Chairman alluded to a supposed Pension which had been possessed by Mr. F, and taken from him, asked Mr. Fowke concerning the Nature of the Pension, and its Continuance, *before he left Bengal ? to which he answered, That he had a Pension of near 400 Rupees a Month in common with all Servants of his Rank, and which was paid till the Time he left Bengal.

That it appears to your Committee, That the late Deputy Chairman did not exactly recollect the Circumstances, or had taken some other Person for Mr. Fowke.

Appendix, N° 1.

Extract of Fort Saint David Consultations, the 7th May 1750.

The Honourable Company, in their Commands just received by the Portjicld, having directed the Appointment of Mr. Joseph Fowke to the Station of Second of Council at Fort Saint George. As the Reasons he gave for declining to accept of being readmitted into the Service, when tendered to him last Year in consequence of the Honourable Company’s Orders, still subsist, and we conceive our Honourable Masters, when acquainted therewith, may therefore deem him undeserving of that Station, and probably be displeased should we make their Service so cheap as to admit of its being declined or accepted of as it suits People’s Conveniency — It is therefore Agreed to suspend complying with their Directions regarding Mr. Fowke, till we are acquainted with their Resolution, upon Receipt of the Advices we transmitted them of the Refusal of Mr. Fowke, and the rest of their Madras Servants, to be re-admitted into their Service, upon the Terms it was offered them, of being under the Council of this Place, as some of the Members of it were Juniors upon the Madras Establishment; and, as we have taken this Step, it is judged unnecessary to give Mr. Fowke any Advice of the Honourable Company’s Directions regarding him.

Appendix, N* 2.

Mr. Fowke's Statement of his Grievances and Offer of his Services to the East India Company, but never presented.

Mr. Joseph Fowke was taken into the East India Company’s Service in 1736; served in the Secretary’s Office at Fort Saint George nearly Five Years; served as Secretary at Fort Saint David Two Years; had the Charge of the Public Accounts at Fort Saint George for about Two1 Years, and much Trouble in adjusting those Accounts, which were greatly disordered; was taken Prisoner by the French at Fort Saint George in 1746; was dismissed the Service immediately by the Governor and Council at Fort Saint David upon no Plea or Pretence, but that be happened to be in Saint George when it was taken, though no way concerned in the Surrendry of that Place; Weak, however, as this Pretence was, the Court of Directors confirmed the Resolution of their Servants at Saint David; but

again

7° — 8° Junii.

A. 1791.

again positively ordered the Reinstatement of Mr.

Fowke as Second of Council at Fort Saint George, by their Letter of 3d November, 1749, which the Governor and Council of Fort Saint David thought proper, not only to set aside, but omitted to give Mr. Joseph Fowke the least intimation of the Matter; and as this was a very extraordinary Kind of Proceeding, Mr. Fowke wishes the Consultations at Fort Saint David were turned' to, under Date May 7, May 28, June 8, and September 18, 1750, which sets the whole Business in a very clear Light. In 1752, Mr. Fowke returned home; the Court of Directors very soon made him an Offer of the Government of Fort Saint George; but there having been many Perquisites of a Governor, at that Time inconsistent with his Oath of Fidelity to the Company, Mr. Foa ke found himself under an unavoidable necessity of refusing it, though he offered to take the Charge upon a certain clear Salary of 5,0001, per Annum.This Proposal the Court of Directors could not comply with, and Mr. Fowke had the Mortification to see others enjoy the Government afterwards, when it was in Part reformed upon his own Plan. Mr. Fowke submits his Case to every impartial Man, and is at this Instant willing and desirous Of rendering the Company any Service, and in any Station which the Court of Directors may think consistent with his Honour. Mr. Fowke can testify that he never received from the Company for the many Years of his Service, a Sum altogether exceeding 1,200l. including every Emolument whatever.

This Statement was printed about the Year, or between the Years, 1766 and 1770; the Copies were intended to be made public, but very few were distributed, if any.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the Petitioner, Joseph Fowke, has proved the Allegations of his Petition.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the said Joseph Foake is entitled to the Pension, or Allowance, engaged to be paid by the East India Company to their Servants, under certain Descriptions, and under certain Conditions, expressed in the Letter from the Court of Directors, of the 21st of September 1785, to the Governor General and Council of Bengal, from the Time in which, by the said Letter of the 21st of September 1785, Persons described in the said Letter were to receive the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee The House resolved itself into a Committee of the on Report of vi)0ie House, to consider further of the Report, which,

1'llMu. III. l-l-V - . 1<* I

upon the 10th Day of May last, was made from the Select Committee, to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers, presented ‘to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what has been the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future; and also, w hat Alteration has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

And the House, having continued to sit till near One of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Edinburgh

Writ.

Mercurii, 8* die Junii;

Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 1791.

Pit AY E.R8.

ORD ERE D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve iwthis present Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, in the room of the Right Honourable Henry Dundas, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry to the Lords the Mr. Steele to ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal certain ®"[r>’^"ebec Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of 1 ie His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making " more effectual Provision for the Government of the " Province of Quebec, in North ," and to make further Provision for the Government of the said Province; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

The Lords have agreed to

Hallamshire Cutlers Bill.

African

Bill.

Public Income and Expenditure.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, for a limited " Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the " shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from " the Coast of Africa; " without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to regulate the Distribution of Rewards in Cases of Felony; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; with some Amendments; to which Amend-mendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Amendment tituled. An Act to regulate the Distribution of Rewards Felony

r, e r? i ° Rewards Bill

in Cases of Felony. putofffor

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol- 3 Months, loweth; viz.

Pr. 1, 1. 37. Leave out from " fit" to the End of of the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

The

Felony Rewards Bill, with Amendment.

Catholic Dissenters Bill, with Amendments.

Cora Regulation Bill, with Amendments.

Lords

Amendments to Catholic Dissenters Bill agreed to.

31 Geo. III. 8° Junii.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled.

An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described, from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. l. 1. 7. Leave out from " Children" to " and, " in Line 8.

1. 28. Leave out from "one" to "for," in Press 3. Line 16. and insert " it shall be lawful for Persons " professing the Catholic

" Religion personally to appear " in any of His Majesty’s Courts " of Chancery, King’s Bench,

" Common Pleas, or Exchequer,

" at Westminster, or in any Court " of General Quarter Sessions of " and for the County, City, or " Place, where such Person shall " reside; and there in open " Cohrt, between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Two " in the Afternoon, take, make,

and subscribe the following *Declaration and Oath;

" cet: I A. B. do hereby declare,

" That I do profess the Roman " Catholic Religion. I A. B.

" do sincerely promise and swear,

" That I will be faithful and bear " true Allegiance to His Majesty King George the Third,

" and Him will defend, to the " utmost of my Power, against " all Conspiracies and Attempts " whatever that shall be made against His Person, Crown, or Dignity, and I will do my utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to His Majesty,

44 His Heirs and Successors, all " Treasons and traiterous Conspiracies, which may be formed " against Him or them; and I 44 do faithfully promise to maintain, support, and defend, to the utmost of my Power, the " Succession of the Crown, which " Succession, by an Act, intituled, "An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and " Liberties of the Subject," is 41 and stands limited to die Prin-" cess Sophia, Electress, and Dutchess Dowager of Hanover, and " the Heirs of her Body, being " Protestants, hereby utterly re- nouncing and abjuring any " Obedience or Allegiance unto " any other Person claiming, or " pretending, a Right to the Crown of these Realms: And " I do swear, That I do reject and " detest, as an unchristian and " impious Position, That it is " lawful to murder or destroy any " Person or Persons whatsoever, for, or under Pretence of, their being Heretics or Infidels; and " also that unchiistian and impi-

Vol. 46.

697

<c ous Principle, that Faith is not " to be kept with Heretics or Infidels: And I further declare, That it is not an Article " of my Faith, and that I do re*

" nounce, reject, and abjure the " Opinion, that Priuces excom*

" municated by the Pope and " Council, or any Authority of the See of Rome, or by any " Authority whatsoever, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any Person whatsoever; and I do promise, that " I will not bold, maintain,

or abet any such Opinion, or " any other Opinions, contrary

to what is expressed in this Declaration: And I do declare, 4t That I do not believe that the Pope of Rome, or any other " Foreign Prince, Prelate, State,

or Potentate, hath, or ought to have, any Temporal or Civil " Jurisdiction, Power, Superiority, or Pre-eminence, directly u or indirectly, within this Realm; 44 And I do solemnly, in the Pre-

sence of God, profess, testify, 44 and declare, That I do make this Declaration, and every Part

44 thereof, in the plain and ordi- nary Sense of the Words of this Oath, without any Evasion, Equivocation, or mental Reservation whatever, and without any Dispensation al- ready granted by the Pope, or " any Authority of the See of Rome, or any Person whatever, 44and without thinking that I am or can be acquitted before God or Man, or absolved of this Declaration, or any Part thereof, although the Pope, or any othei Person or Authority whatsoever, shall dispense with, 44 or annul the samfe, or declare that it was null or void. So " help me God. Which said De-44claration and Oath shall be sub-4t gcribed by the Person taking and making the same with the ‘‘ Name at length, if such Person can write, or with his Mark, " the Name being written by the " Officer where such Person can-4‘ not write, such Person or such Officer, as the Case may be, 44 adding the Title, Addition, and Place of Abode of such Per-44son, and shall remain in such Court of Record; and the proper Officer of such Court respectively, with whom the Cus- tody of such Record shall remain, shall. make, subscribe, 44and deliver a Certificate of such Declaration and Oath having been duly made, taken, and subscribed, to the Person who shall have so made, taken, and " subscribed the same, if the same " shall be demanded, immediately."

8 P Pr. 3.

698

8° Juniu

A. 1791.

Pr. 3. 1;

1.

Pr. 8. Pr. 10. Pr. 12.

Pr. 13.

>9-

J9

20.

Pr. 16. 1.

1.

26.

35.

Pr. 17-Pr. 19.

I,

1.

.1.

1.

17-

21.

25-

After " and " leave out " every." Leave out from " Certificate" to " And," in Press 8. Line 4. and insert " upon Proof of the Certifier’s Hand, and that he acted " as such Officer, shall be competent and sufficient Evidence " of such Person’s having duly " made, taken, and subscribed " such declaration and Oath, unless the same shall be falsified. " And be it further Enacted, " That the said Officer with whom " such Records are kept as aforesaid, shall Yearly, on or before " the Twenty-fifth Day of December, transmit to the Clerk " of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council Lists of " the Persons, with their Titles, " Additions, and Places of Abode, " who shall have made and subscribed such Declaration and " Oath in the preceding Year." Leave out " particularly," and insert " namely."

Leave out " particularly," and insert "namely."

Leave out from "the" to " Justices," in Line 11.

Leave opt from " be" to " recorded," in Line 18.

Leave out " Register or."

Leave out " respectively."

Leave out " Register," and insert " Record."

Leave out from " Meeting" to " until," in Press 13. 1. 1.

After " a " leave out " licensed." After " been " leave out " registered," and insert " recorded." After " to " leave out " Register," and insert " Record."

After " Person" leave out " producing such Licence."

After "and" insert " upon."

After " Meeting" leave out " without being," and insert "not;" and in the same Line, after " so," leave out. " licensed and registered," and insert " recorded." Leave out "or," and insert "and." After " House " insert " where " there shall not be more than " Five Persons assembled, besides " those of the Household."

Leave out from " aforesaid " to " Provided," in Press 18. Line 15.

Leave out from " That" to " Person," in Line 20, and insert " no."

Leave out " to," and insert " shall." Leave out from " or" to " Provided," in Line 29 of the same Press, and insert " shall keep a " School in either of the Universifies of Oxford and Cambridge. Provided also, and be " it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Schoolmaster professing the Roman " Catholic Religion shall receive " into his School, for Education,

Pr. 19. 1. 35-

Pr. 21. 1. 25.

" the Child of any Protestant " Father. Provided also, and be " it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Person " professing the Roman Catholic " Religion shall be permitted to " keep a School for the Education " of Youth until his or her Name " and Description, as a Roman " Catholic School Master or " School Mistress, shall have been " recorded at the Quarter or General Session of the Peace for " the County, or other Division or " Place, where such School shall " be situated, by the Clerk of the " Peace of the said Court, who is " hereby required to record such " Name and Description accordingly, upon Demand by such " Person, and to give a Certificate " thereof to such Person as shall " at any Time demand the same;

" and no Person offending in the

__ "

" Premises shall receive any Benefit of this Act."

After " Vows" insert " or to found,

" endow, or establish any School,

" Academy, or College, by Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion."

Leave out from " Person " to " And," in Press 22. Line 7. and insert " shall be summoned " to take the Oath and make the " Declaration above mentioned,

" or be prosecuted for not obeying such Summons."

Leave out " England, ,"

and insert " Great ."

Leave out " under the said Clause," and insert " for such Offence."

Leave out " and Queen Mary," and insert " the Third."

After " a " leave out " Serjeant at " Law."

After " Barrister " leave out " Advocate;" and in the same Line, after " Sollicitor," leave out " Proctor" in Line 22.

After " a " leave out " Serjeant at " Law."

After " Barrister " leave out " Advocate."

After " Sollicitor " leave out " Proctor."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mitford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, Amendments intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and to , Ct®rn Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 42. 1. J 5. After " Corn " insert " and Oatmeal."

Rr. 44. 1. 39. After " Corn " insert " and of " Oatmeal."

Pr. 23. 1. 22.

I. 31* Pr. 26. 1. 4-1. 19. 1. 21.

L 35-

1. 36-

h 37-

31 Geo. III. 8° yunii.

699

Pr. 49. 1. 16. 1. 21. 1. 27. 1. 32. Pr. 50. 1. 25. 1. 28.

1. 30-Pr. 51. 1. 3. 1. 25.

1. 26. 1. 38. Pr. 52. 1. 9.

Pr. 53- I- »8.

L 20. 1. 24.

1. 40.

Pr. 55- I-

Pr. 59* >7-

I. 18.

1. 22.

Pr. 62. 1. 5.

1. 25.

Pr. 63. 1. 3.

Pr. 64. 1. 35.

Pr. 65. 1. 2.

1. 25.

1. 28.

Pr. 66. 1. 13.

I. 19.

Pr. 67. 1. 12.

L 26.

Pr. 68. 1. 7.

Vol. 46.

After " Com " insert " or of Oatmeal."

After " Corn " insert " and Oatmeal."

After " Corn " insert " and Oatmeal."

After "Corn" insert "and Oatmeal."

After " Corn " insert " and Oatmeal."

After " thereof" leave out "

" Quarter," and insert " according to the respective Measures " in Table D.’’

After " Com " insert " and of the " Oatmeal."

After " Corn " insert " and Oatmeal."

After " Quantity " insert " according to the respective Measures " in Table D."

After " Corn " insert " and Oatmeal."

After " Com " insert " and of " Oatmeal."

After " Prices" insert " of each " respective Sort of British "Corn."

After *" Quantity " insert " accordin<r to the respective Measures " in Table D."

After " Corn " insert " Oats excepted, and of Oatmeal."

After " thereof" insert " and m " like Manner an Account of " the general aggregate Quantity and Price of all British " Oats that shall appear by the " last Twelve Weekly Returns " preceding such Period to have " been sold and delivered within " the said City, and Suburbs " thereof."

After " Corn " insert " and of " Oatmeal."

After " City " insert " of London."

After " and " insert " the."

After " Articles" insert " hereinbefore mentioned."

After " Corn " insert " and of " Oatmeal."

After " Corn " insert " and of " Oatmeal."

After " which" leave out " do," and insert " doth."

After " Corn " insert " and of " Oatmeal."

After " Corn " insert " and Oatmeal."

After " Corn " insert " and Oatmeal."

After " Corn " insert " or Oatmeal."

After " Sort " insert " of Com " and of Oatmeal."

After " Com " insert " or Oatmeal."

After " Corn " insert and Oatmeal."

After " Sort " insert " or Oatmeal."

After " Corn " insert " and Oat* " meal."

After " Com " insert " and of " Oatmeal."

8.

1. 27. After " Quantities," insert " according to the respective Measures in Table D."

1. 28. After " Corn " insert " and Oatmeal."

1. 39. After " Corn " insert " and Oatmeal."

Pr. 69. 1. 71 After " of" leave out " the se-

" veral Sorts of," and insert " each respective Sort of Bri-

" fish"

Pr. 70. 1. 9. After " Quantities " insert " according to the respective Measures in Table D."

1. ll. After " Corn" insert iC and of "Oatmeal."

1. 13. After " in " insert " and."

1. 28. After " Corn " insert " and of " Oatmeal."

1. 37- After " Corn " insert " and of " Oatmeal."

Pr. 76. 1. 16. After "Corn" leave out "and of " Oatmeal."

Pr. 78. 1. 5. After " Corn " insert " and of

" Oatmeal."

1. 8. After " Corn " insert " and of

" Oatmeal."

1. 15. After " Corn " insert " and of

" Oatmeal."

Pr. 80. 1. 10. After " Com " insert " and of

"Oatmeal."

Pr. 81. 1. 6. After " Com " insert " and of ’

" Oatmeal."

1. 26. After " Corn " insert " and of

" Oatmeal, according to the " respective Measures in Table D."

1. 31. After " Com " insert " and of

" Oatmeal."

Pr. 82. 1. 2. After " Corn " insert and of

" Oatmeal."

Pr. 83. 1. 12. After " Corn " insert " and Oatmeal."

1. 26. After " Com " insert " and Oatmeal "

Pr. 84. 1. 34. After " Corn " insert " and of CDdtmc&l n

Pr. 86. 1. 38. After " Corn " insert " Meal Or " Flour."

Pr. 87. 1. 26. After " Com " leave outj " or of " Oatmeal."

Pr. 88. 1. 43* After " Towns " insert " in the " several Inland or other Counties."

Pr. 91. 1. 27. After " Towns" insert " in the " several Inland and other Coun-, "ties."

Pr. 98. 1. 31. Leave out " or," and insert " ought."

Pr. 99. 1. 18L After " Com " insert " or any of " the Articles aforesaid."

1. 26. After " Com " insert " or other " Articles as aforesaid."

After " Corn " leave out " or " Oatmeal," and insert " Malt,

" Meal, or Flour."

After " Cora " leave out " or " Oatmeal," and insert " Malt,

" Meal, or Flour."

1. 16. After " Corn ", leave out " or " Oatmeal," and insert " Malt,

" Meal, or Flour."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder dQ carry the Bill to the

J-ords;

Pr. 101. 1. 3. 1* 9*

A. 1791.

Resolutions bn Report of Rublic Income and Expenditure reported.

700 8° ¥unii.

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Jodrell, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the i oth Day of May last, was made from the Select Committee, to whom it Was referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what has been the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future, and also, what Alteration has taken Place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears, That the Select Committee of 1786 "proceeded upon a Supposition that " the Annual and permanent Taxes then subsisting " were likely to produce Annually the Sum of " £i5>397,471," viz. the Land Tax £1,967,650, the Malt Duty £632,350, and the permanent Taxes £12,797,471.

Resolved, That it appears, by the Report of the Select Committee of 1791', That the Produce of the said permanent Taxes in the Year 1786 was £11,836,531, being less by £960,940 than the Sum estimated — In the Year 1787, £12,754,790, being less by £42,676 than the said Sum — In the Year 1788, £12,812,952, being more by £15,481 than the said Sum — In' the Year 1789, £13,209,871, being more by £412,400 than the said Sum — And in the Year 1790,£ 13,782,393, being more by £984,922 than the said Sum, including £ 193,000, being the Amount of One Fifty-third Weekly Payment

That the Produce of the said Taxes, upon an Average of the first Two Years (viz. 1786 and 1787) amounted to £12,295,663, being £501,808 less than the Sum estimated.

That the Produce of the said Taxes, upon an Average of the first Three Years 1786, 1787, and 1788) amounted to £ 12,468,092, being £ 329,379 less than the Sum estimated.

That the Produce of the said Taxes, upon an Average of the first Four Years (viz. 1786, 1787, 1788, and 1789) amounted to£12,653,537, being£ 143,934 less than the Sum estimated.

That the Produce of the said Taxes, upon an Average of Five Years (viz. 1786, 1787, 1788, 1789, and 1790) amounted to £ 12,879,308, being £81,837 more than the Sum'estimated.

That the Produce of the said Taxes, upon an Average of the last Four Years (viz. 1787, 1788,1789, and 1790) amounted to £13,140,002, being £342,531 more than the Sum estimated.

That the Produce of tire said Taxes, upon an Average of the last Three Years (viz 1788, 1789, and 1790) amounted to £13,268,405, being £ 470,934 more than the Sum estimated.

And that the Produce of the said Taxes, upon an Average of the last Two Years 1789 and 1790) amounted to £ 13,496,132, being £698,661 more than the Sum estimated.

Resolved, That, in this Calculation, the Select Committee of 1791 have adverted to all the additional Impositions which ought to have been deducted from their Estimate, except Tobacco Licences, which amount in the whole to £ 18,753, a°d that they have made no Allowance for the Diminution arising from the Exemptions allowed in the Horse Tax, or for the Repeal of the Tax upon Linens and Stuffs.

Resolved, That no compleat Account can yet be given of the Produce of the Land and Malt Taxes for the last Five Years.

That the Net Produce of the tand Tax appears liable to no material Variation from Year to Year, and may be stated at £ 1,972,000, being £5,000 more than the Sum estimated.

That the Net Produce of the Malt Tax in the Years 1786, 1787, and 1788, appears to have been upon an Average £597,171, being £35,179 less than the Sum estimated.

Resolved, That it appears, by the Report of the Select Committee of 1791, that the Total Amount of the Interest and Charges of the Public Debt, and of the Sums issued for the Reduction thereof, of the Charges upon the Aggregate and Consolidated Fund, and of the Sums granted for the Supplies (including the Deficiencies of Land and Malt, the Deficiency of Grants for the Year 1785, and the Amount of the Prizes in the Lotteries of the several Years, with the Charges attending the m) has been, during the last Five Years, £88,116,916; artd that the Whole of the above Charges (except the Sum of £ 207,000, which remained to be provided for in the present Year under the Head of Deficiency of Grants) has been defrayed by the Produce within the said Five Years of the permanent Taxes, by the Annual Aids on Land and Malt, and by the Sums arising from extraordinary Resources, with the Addition of a Loan of One Million raised by Tontine, and of £187,000 raised by Short Annuities.

Resolved, That, over and above the Sums granted for the Supplies, there appears to have been an Increase in the Navy Debt within the said Period, which is stated at £457,950; and an Arrear incurred in the Ordnance, under the Head of Unprovided, to the Amount of £ 61,909; and that the Deficiency of Grants of the Year 1790 exceeds that of the Year 1785 by the Sum of £80,590.

Resolved, That the Sum voted for defraying the Expence of the Armament of 1790, and for the Charge of 6,000 additional Seamen for the Service of the present Year (amounting to £ 3,133,000) is not included in the above Account; but that a separate. Provision has been made for discharging the same, independent of the future Income of the Country, as estimated by the Committee of 1791.

Resolved, That the Select Committee, appointed in 1786 to examine and state the Accounts relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report what might be expected to be the Annual Amount of the said Income and Expenditure in future, have stated the expected future Expenditure upon a permanent Peace Establishment, including the Annual Million to be paid to the Commissioners, at the Sum of £15,478,181.

Resolved, That the Select Committee, appointed in the present Year 1791 to examine into the Amount of the Public Income^ and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and also to report to the House what may be expected to be the Annual Afnount in future, state the expected Expenditure, upon a permanent Peace Establishment, including the Annual Million to be paid to the Commissioners, at the Sum of £15,969,178, which is exclusive of the Sum of £.12,000, since charged on the Consolidated Tund for the Payment of an Annuity to His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence; and that the above Sum exceeds the permanent Peace Establishment, as stated by the Committee of 1786, by £.490,997, of which £.42,203 is on Account of the Increase in the Interest and Charges of the National Debt, £. 2,000 on Account of the Interest on Exchequer Bills, £ 14,499 on the Difference in 9

31 Geo. III.

8° Jun'ri.

701

the Charges on the Aggregate and Consolidated Funds, and of the Produce of the Appropriated Duties, £.200,000 in the Navy, £. 148,842 in the Army, £.27,000 in the Ordnance, £.4,311 in the Militia, and £.54,142 in the Miscellaneous Services.

Resolved, That the Exceeding in the Estimate stated by the Committee of 1791, on the Five Heads of Navy, Army, Ordnance, Militia, and Miscellaneous Services, above the Estimate stated by the Committee of 1786, on the same Five Heads, amounts to the1 Sum of £.434,295.

Resolved, That the Select Committee of 1791 do

" carried on in The West Indies, North America, or " elsewhere."

Resolved, That, during the last Five Years, the Sum of £.5,424,592> including £.674,592, arising from Annuities expired or unclaimed, and from Dividends on Stock bought, has been applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; that the Sums by which the Debt has tjeen increased within the same Period, appear, by the Report of the Select Committee, to have amounted to £. 1,602,589, leaving a Balance of £. 3,822,003; and- that the Annual Interest on the Stock bought, and the present Amount of the Annui-

not appear to have thought it their Duty to enquire ties expired or unclaimed, appears to be £. 254,804, into, or to state any Opinion respecting, the Ground or lU~ A - J — -L-

Necessity for such Increase, under the above Heads of Service, the Estimates and Accounts of which come Annually under the Revision of Parliament

Resolved, That the Expence of the present Year, according to the Services already voted, and exclusive of any Extra Expence for the present Armament will

in Addition to the Million Annually charged on the Consolidated Fund.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be now read a Second Time.

And the First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motiea was made, and the Question being pro-

amount to about the Sum £.16,833,920, exceeding posed, That the House do agree with the Committee the permanent Peace Establishment of the Select in the said Resolution;

Committee of 1786 by the Sum of £. 1,355,739 — and the enlarged Estimate of the Committee of 1791 by the Sum of £.864,742; but that there is included in the above Sum of £. 864,742, an Excess of £. 131,405 upon the Navy, which is more than accounted for by the Sum voted for the Repairs of Frigates in Merchants Yards, which Expence will not recur again —

And the previous Question being put, That, that Question be now put; '

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being and an Excess of £.107,484 upon the Army, which is severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question more than accounted for by no Allowance being made severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, in the Grants of this Year for Army Savings, similar

to that which is made in the Estimates, of 1786 and A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motions re-

1791, and by an Advance of £.71,569 on Account of posed, That it appears that the Select Committee of specting the Troops serving in India, which is Jo be repaid by the 1786 " proceeded upon a Supposition, that the An-" ~ " nual and Permanent Taxes then subsisting were likely Expenditure.

" to produce Annually the Sum of £.15,397,471."

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Select Committee of 17S6 state, that a further considerable Increase in the then subsisting Taxes, beyond their Estimate, might be expected,

" if the due Collection thereof could be secured by " Measures adequate to the Purpose," and " such as " would probably afford an ample Provision for any " Deficiencies which might at any Time be found in " certain extraordinary Resources," before enumerated

jiuups MHviiJv iu jiujuuy which is iu ue repam uy UiC

East India Company — and an Excess of £.68,676 upon the Ordnance, of which £.61,907 arises from the Discharge of Ordnance unprovided, and also, an Excess of £.557,177. under the Head of Miscellaneous Services, of which £. 432,444 is on Account of American Sufferers, an Article of Expence expressly excluded from the Estimates above-mentioned, and the Remainder on Account of various Miscellaneous Services peculiar to the present Year.

Resotced, That the Select Committee, estimating upon an Average Of the Three last Years, and adverting to the additional Weeks Receipt in 1790, have calculated the future probable Annual Income at the

Sum of £. 16,030,286, " which exceeds the future Expenditure, as estimated by the said Committee, by a by the said Select Committee;

And the previous Question

" Sum of £.61,108" — that the above Income is calculated upon a Revenue which appears to have been progressively increasing, and is exclusive of any Addition to be expected from the Amount of the Taxes of 1789, or from the increased Produce of the Duties on Tobacco — and likewise exclusive of the Profits of the Lottery, which amounted in the present Year nearly to £.300,000, and of any Sums to arise from any incidental or extraordinary Resources.

Resolved, That the Money remaining due upon the

being

put, That that

Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears by the Report of the Select Committee of 1791, that the Produce of the said Taxes, from the 5th January 1786 to the 5th January 1787, amounted only to the Sum of £.14,405.702, being £.991,769 less than the Sum estimated;

That the Produce of the said Taxes, upon an Average Principal and Interest of the American and East Florida of the First Two Years (viz. 1786 and 1787) amounted Claims, which has been directed by Parliament to b'1 Ally to £.14,864,834, being £.532,637 less than the paid by Installments, is stated to have amounted, ofcpwj^um estimated;

loth October 1790, to £. 1,546,062, exclusive of the Interest payable on such Part of it as remains undischarged, and exclusive also of further Annual Payments and Pensions to American Loyalists, amounting to £. 54.211 per Annum.

Resolved, That, besides this Article so stated by the Committee, it appeal's, from the Ordnance Estimate inserted in their Appendix, that the Estimate of the future Annual Expence of that Office is, " exclusive " of such Sums as are contained in the Estimate of the " Board of Land and Sea Officers for additional Works " for Security of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, and of " any other Fortifications, or other new Works, to be Vol. 46.

That the Produce of the said Taxes, upon an Average of the First Three Years (viz. 1786, 1787, aQd 1788) amounted only to £.15,037,263, being £. 360,208 less than the Committee estimated;

That the Produce of the said Taxes, upon an Average of the First Four Years 1786, 1787, 1788, and 1789) amounted only to £. 15,222,708, being £. 174,763 less than the Committee estimated;

And, That the Produce of the said Taxes, upon an Average of Five Years (vizi 1786, 1787. 1788, 1789, and 1790) has amounted to £. 15,448,479. leaving an Exceeding of £.51,008 beyond the Estimate of the said Select Committee;

& Q And

8° jFtm

A. 1791.

And the previous Question being put,

That that

Question be now put;

it passed in the Negative.

A Moron was made, and the Question being proposed, That in this Calculation the Select Committee of 17<)1 have not a ! verted to all the additional Impositions which ought to have been deducted from their Intimate;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Total Net Product* of the Pulrlie In-com?, up ai an Average of the last Five Years (viz. from (tii January 17SO to 5th January/ 1791, both inclusive) has amounted Annually, including a Fifty-third

in the above Accounts, has amounted to a Sum exceeding Three Million;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question he now put;

it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made and the Question being proposed, That it ap|wars, that the Addition to the Navy Debt since 31st December 1785, is estimated by the Select Committee at £457.95°; and that, by ail Account delivered to the House since the Report of the Committee, this Debt appears to have been farther increased;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

Weekly Layman, to a Sum not exceeding the Sum of posed, That the Total Amount of the Exceeding of ‘ v Expenditure in the Five Years before stated, exclusive

of this Addition to the Navy Debt, and of the Ex-

£ bmo1 8, /1,

And the picvious Question being put, That that

Q sestion he now put;

;t passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Average Expenditure during the sune Period, including the Sums paid to the American Loyalists, and on Account of other temporary Mis-ceiimiCou> Services, and the Sums issued to the Commissioners for discharging the National Debt; and adding the estimated l.xpence of the Militia for the Years 1789 and 1790; but exclusive of the Expence of the Armament in 1790, and of any Addition to the Navy Debt since 178b; has amounted Annually to a ♦Sum exceeding the Sum of £ id.833,109;

And the previous Question being put, That that Quc.-tion he now put;

It passe cl in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Average Excess of Expenditure beyond the Average Income, during the above Period, has amounted Annuidly to a Sum exceeding

-And tlu previous Question being put, That that

Question be now put;

it passed in the Negative.

A Motion uas made, and the Question bring proposed, That the Total Net Produce of the Public Income, upon an Average of the last Three Years viz. from btli January 1788 to 5th January 1791 (both inclusive) has amounted Annually, including u Fifty-third Weekly Payment, to the Sum of £ 10,030,280;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question ee now pat;

it passed in the X< native.

A Motion wa.*> made, end the Question being proposed, That the Average Expenditure during the same Period, including the Sums paid to the American Loyalists and uii Account of other temporary Miscellaneous Service*, and the Sums issued to tire Commis-i mors for discharging the National Debt; and adding the estimated Expence of the Militia, for the Ytv.iv r;So and 1790; but exclusive of the Expence of the Armaimnl in 1790, and of any Addition to the N avy

Sum exceed

And the previous* Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Average Excess of Expenditure, beyond lire Average Income, during the above Period, has amounted Annually to £047,787;

And tire previous Question being put, That that Question be now put; %

It part'd in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Expence of the Armament in the Yuir 179th separately provided for, and not included

pence of the Armament in 1790, amounts to the Sum of £ 6,181,670;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the extraordinary Resources, by which this Deficiency has been supplied during the above Period, have amounted to the Sum of £ 6,191,10.5, and have arisen from the following Articles; viz.

From respited Duties paid in by the East India Company ----- 322,500

From Arrears of Land Tax granted prior

to 1786....

Ditto Malt -

From Sums remaining in the Exchequer on 5th January 1786 -

From Imprest Monies, and Monies repaid ——

From Money rc-paid on Account of Advance for Foreign Secret Service From Sale of French Prizes From Army Savings and Chelsea Pensioners ——

From Profit on the Annual Lottery Raised by M ay of Tontine -Ditto by granting Short Annuities -

i3M 7

75

M,8--

1>173>H9

820,165

34,000

3,000

1,091,147 1,212,692 1,002,140 1 87,000

£ 6,101,105

And the previous Question being put, ihat that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,'That from the Nature of the Articles winch have composed these extraordinary Aids', no simi.ar Assistance, to any considerable Anv ent, can i;o expected in future, excepting from the Article of a Lottery, should the Legislature continue to drink it right to avail itself of that Expedient;

And the previous Question being put, lhat that

Debt since 1786; has amounted Annually to A upturn be now put; x cecal ing £ 16,978,07 3; It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and th

Question Being pro-Th.it the Select Committee, appointed in examine anti stale the Accounts Public Income and Ex --c 'hpire, what mi;»hl be expected to be the -n the tai I income and Expenditure in future cred

posed,

/' the

1

relating to and to report nI Amount of have stated

the ox peeled future Expenditure upon

i'ewa Establishment, including the Annua t > be paid to tire Commissioners, at

£ 1 '1.47N181; .

And the previous Question being put, - *

Question be now put;

It parsed in the Negative.

mm;

Fill a Sum of

*at

A Motion

31 Geo. III. 8° Junii. 703

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Select Committee, appointed in the present Year 1791 to examine into the Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and also to report to the House what may be expected to be the Annual Amount in future, state the expected Expenditure, upon a permanent Peace Establishment, including the Annual Million to be paid to the Commissioners, at the Sum of £15,969,178; a Sum exceeding the permanent Peace Establishment, as stated by the Committee of 1786,

by £490,997; .

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That in the Report of the Select Committee in 1786, the Accounts are stated to have been prepared on a Calculation of a permanent Peace Establishment towards the End of the Year 1790;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Select Committee of 1791 state no Time when their Estimate of a permanent Peace Establishment may be expected to commence

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Expence of the present Year, according to the Services already voted, and exclusive of any Extra Expence for the present Armament, will amount to the Sum of £ 16,833,920, or more; exceeding the permanent Peace Establishment of the Select Committee of 1786 by the Sum of £ 1,355,739 — and the enlarged Estimate of the Committee of 1791 by the Sum of £ 864,742;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Select Committee of 1786 calculate the Amount of the permanent Peace Establishment, under the Five Heads'of Navy, Army, Ordnance, Militia, and Miscellaneous Services, at £3,913,274: viz.

Navy -

Army -

Ordnance Militia -

Miscellaneous Services

1.800.000

1.600.000

348,000

91,000

74,274

£ 3,913,274

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Select Committee of 1791 calculate the Amount of the permanent Peace Establishment, under the same Five Heads of Navy, Army, Ordnance, Militia, and Miscellaneous Services, at £ 4,347,569; viz.

Navy -Army -Ordnance

Militia - * -

Miscellaneous Services

2,000,000

1,748,842

375,oooo 95,3H 128,416 '

£ 4,347,569

exceeding, in these Five Articles, the Estimate of 1786, by the Sum of £434,295;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Select Committee of 1791 do not appear to have thought it within their Province to enquire into, or to state any Ground or Necessity for such Increase;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Sums voted for the Service of the present Year, under the above Heads, but including no Provision for the present Armament, are as follow: Navy - 2,131,000

Army ..... 1,853,000 Ordnance - 443,000

Militia - 95,3H

Miscellaneous Services, including the Sums to the American Loyalists, and other Allowances - 690,000

£ 5,212,311

exceeding the Estimate of 1786 by the Sum of £ 1,299,037; and the Estimate of 1791 by£ 864,742; but deducting the Sum of £306,000 of the Sum voted to the Loyalists, as being to be defrayed by the Profits of the Lottery, then exceeding the Estimate of 1786 by the Sum of £993,037, and the Estimate of 1791 by the Sum of £ 558,742;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Select Committee, estimating upon an Average of the Three last Years, and adverting to the additional Week’s Receipt in 1790, have calculated the future probable Annual Income at the Sum of £ 16,030,286, exclusive of the Profits on a Lottery;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Receipt of each of the Two last Years appears to have considerably exceeded that Sum; *

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, in the Receipt of the latter Year, the great Increase appears to have arisen under the Head of Excise; and that, in the Articles of Spirits and Spirit Licences alone, the Exceeding in the Receipt of the Year 1790, over the Reeeipt of the Year 1786, amounts to the Sum of £ 599,355;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pror posed, That it appears to have been highly proper in the Select Committee to calculate, upon an Average of Three Years at least, the future expected Income; at the same Time it appears that, on a Review of the Whole of the Accounts, the future Income may reasonably be expected to amount to the Sum estimated by the Select Committee;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion

704 8° Juniu A. 1791.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, upon this Estimate, it appears that our future Income is calculated as likely to exceed our future Expenditure by the Amount of £61,108 Annum:

Income . - - - 16,030,286

Expenditure ... 15,969,178

Balance - £ 61,108

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this Balance is wholly inadequate to provide for those extraordinary Expences which are actually foreseen and admitted by the Select Committee; for, though the Select Committee state, that they do not conceive that " it falls within their Province to consider what other extraordinary Expences, not " included in any Estimate before them, may occur " in a Course of Years;" yet they further state, that " the only Article of this Nature, which has been " brought distinctly under their View, is the Amount " of the Money remaining due upon the Principal " and Interest of the American and East Florida u Claims, which has been directed by Parliament to " be paid by InstallmentsAnd it further appears, that this Article, so distinctly brought to/the View of the Select Committee, is stated by them to have amounted, on 10th October 1790, to £ 1,546,062, exclusive of the Interest payable on such Part of it as remains undischarged, and exclusive also of further Annual Payments and Pensions to American Loyalists, amounting to £ 54,211 per;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That besides this Article, so stated by the Committee, it appears from the Ordnance Estimate, inserted in their Appendix, that the Estimate of the future Annual Expence of that Office is, " exclusive " of such Sums as are contained in the Estimate of " the Board of Land and Sea Officers, for additional " Works for Security of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, " and of any other Fortifications, or other new Works, " to be carried on in The West Indies, North,

" or elsewhere

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That to meet these heavy Articles of inevitable extra Expence, or the Expence attending the present Armament, or for any future Exceeding under the Head of " Miscellanies," beyond the Sum last estimated, the Select Committee refer us to no extra Resource that can be relied on but that of a Lottery.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That admitting the future Income to meet the estimated Expenditure, or even so to increase, as with the Aid of a Lottery to satisfy the above certain extra Demands, in the- Course of the Five Years next ensuing, yet will the Public Income remain wholly unequal to afford the smallest Aid to any new and' unforeseen Demand that may arise, either for any Armament or any other unforeseen Contingency within that Period, or to spare the smallest Surplus towards the Reduction of the unfunded Debt, already increased to a Degree, and continued at an Amount, wholly unprecedented, in Time of Peace, in the Annals of this Country;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Experience of the Three last Years, in the Course of which the unexpected and heavy Expence of Two Armaments has been incurred and satisfied, while a Third remains to be provided for, would render it highly improvident in this House not to advert to the Probability of similar Events recurring;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Sum stated by the Select Committee to have been actually applied to the Discharge of the Public Debt, amounts to £4,750,000 ;from which it is admitted that there should be deducted the Tontine Million increased on the Navy Debt, and other Articles of Debt contracted, to the Amount of £ 1,602,589, leaving a Balance of £ 3,147,411;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, in the Account of the Debt contracted, no Allowance is made for such Part of the Old Navy Debt as now bears Interest, and which must be considered as Additional Debt; nor are the Short Annuities granted in 1789 admitted, although the Installment repaid, instead of being paid over to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, was applied to the Services of last Year;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Annual Interest of the Capital Stock, stated to have been purchased by the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, up to the 1st of February 1791, amounts to the Sum of £ 203,170; from which is to be deducted the increased Annual Charge for the Interest of the Tontine Loan, viz. £ 42,262, leaving the Sum in Favour of the Commissioners £ 160,908; and if from this Sum a further Reduction is made for the Increase of Interest on the Navy Debt, stated, since the Report of the Select Committee, to amount to £ 49,888, that Sum will be reduced to £111,020;

And the prei^ous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the permanent Addition to the Peace Establishment, stated by the Select Committee of 1791, as to remain on the Five Articles before enumerated, amounts to £ 434,295; so that, while, an Annuity to the Amount of £111,020 has been redeemed by the Commissioners on Behalf of the Public, in the Form of re-purchasing Debt, an Annuity of Four Times that Amount is proposed to be entailed on the Nation, in the Form of increased Establishment;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That, upon due Consideration of the Report made this Day from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Report from the Select Committee of 1791, was referred, and also upon Consideration of the Two Reports of 1791 and 1786, and of the several Accounts before the House relative to the Public Income and Expenditure, it appears proper and necessary to declare, that the great Increases

proposed

31 Geo. III.

8°- — 9° Junii.

705

proposed to the permanent Peace Establishment in the Report of 1791, ought not to be considered as receiving Countenance or Approbation from the House of Commons, until the Clauses of the same shall be explained, and die Necessity of them made manifest;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,


Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Sheridan, j

Sir James St. Clair] > Erskine: |

Mr. Steele, i

Mr. Rose: f

*9*

34-

Report respecting the Applies^ tion of Money eoted for Carlton House.

The Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire respecting the Application of the Money voted for the Additions to, and the furnishing of, Carlton House; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find. That the Sums voted by Parliament for the Additions to, and furnishing of, Carlton House, amounting to £-55,200, were issued from the Treasury to Mr. Lyte, Treasurer to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, a\ various Times; and that by the express Command of His Royal Highness, the said Sums were set apart, and kept separate, in an Account at Messrs. Ransom, Moreland, and s, and

made subject to the Order of Mr. Henry Holland, the Architect, to be applied to the Purposes for which they were issued.

And your Committee further find, That the Whole of the said Money has been paid to Mr. Holland, excepting the Sum of £. 4,450, paid by Mr. Hammersley to the Upholsterer, on Account, for Furniture.

It appears to your Committee, That the Money so received by Mr. Holland, has been paid to different Persons employed in the Works of Carlton House', whose Names, and the Sums paid to each, have been, laid before your Committee.

It appears, That such Payments have been made on an open Account, leaving a considerable Balance due for Work already done; and it also appears to your Committee, That the Additions to, and furnishing of, Carlton House, are incomplete.

It also appears to your Committee, That the Estimate of the 14th of May 1787 is stated by Mr. Holland as having been made in great Haste: That the same appears to have been referred, in July following, by the Command of the Prince of Wales, to the Officers of His Majesty’s Works, who declined giving any Opinion on the Particulars thereof, further than that the Prices proposed to be allowed to the Tradesmen, as far as they went, agreed with those usually allowed in His Majesty's Works: That no other Estimate was formed till His Royal Highness ordered the Estimate of November 1789 to be prepared, which Estimate was afterwards reduced nearly One Half, by His Royal Highness Himself.

That in the Title of this last Estimate, there appears a material Error in referring to the Date of the Application to Parliament in 1787, and stating Articles of Furniture as being for other State Rooms not then projected, the Meaning of which is now explained by Mr. Holland to be this — That it is an Estimate of Furniture intended to replace Articles designed to be used before any State Rooms were projected, and certain Articles of which were intended to be employed in the State Rooms, until an Alteration was made in the Plan of Furniture, as stated and explained 10 the Letter of Colonel Hulse and Mr. Holland, of November 17th 1789, which is before-the House; but Vol. 46.

The Lords have agreed to

Oyster Fisheries Bill, with an Amendment.

Amendment agreed to.

that the State Rooms are the same as described in the Building Estimate of May 14th 1787, and that no new Buildings or Rooms have been aidded, although some Alterations have been made in the Arrangement of the Apartments.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoi ford and Mr. Earnest

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better protecting the several Oyster Fisheries within this Kingdom; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 14. Leave out from " only " to " And," in Line 16 of the same Press.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 9* die Junii;

Anno 31* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1-91.

PKAYER8.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. The Lord*

and Mr. Montagu: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, 10

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for for the better regulating of Gaols and other Places of better regu-Confinement; without any Amendment. lating Gaols.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Weymouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for and Mel-the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- combe Regis liament for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcombe 'Vrit" Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Thomas Jones, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, apd Bonenham, in the County of Buck* ingham.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are petition re-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and specting the others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Right of Parliament for the Borough of Newark, in the County ^wark of of Nottingham, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, Tljat, upon the 2 2d Day of March 1791, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of William Paxton, Esquire, and also, the Petition of several other Persons, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, reported to’ the House, that they had determined, "That the Right

8 R " of

The Lords have agreed to

Flimwell Vent Road Bill.

Birmingham and Worcester Canal Bill v,’

Queenbo* rough Writ*

706

9? — 10° Ju

mi.

A. 1791.

" of voting for Members to serve in Parliament for die " Borough of Newark,in the County of is

irt the Mayor, Aldeftnen, and all the Inhabitants H paying Scotland Lot within the said Borough and that die Petitioners are advised, that the saidf: Right of voting, so determined by the said Select Committee, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough: And therefore, to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, praying, That they may be admitted as Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case lately made and prbvided, to oppose the said Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee have reported, as aforesaid, and that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet?. and the Nature of the Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 30th Day of next, at

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the1 said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The Lorhdon Gazette, and also sept to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Newark, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of If is present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu r - -

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending certain Aets, of the Second and Twenty-second. Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through in

the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Neioenden, and 'Northiam,to Rye, in the said County of

Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper’s Corner, in the said County of Sussex, and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with One of the Roads comprized in the said1 Acts, called Lane; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, at from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in, the County Of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornings Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 10* die Jtinii;

Anno 31° Georgii III*" Regis, 1791. Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough' of in

the County of Kent, in the room of Richard Hopkins,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Pontefract

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ.

electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York,

in the room of John Smyth, Esquire, who, since his

Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office

of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of

Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dover Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, in the room of Charles Small Pybus, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted1 the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and The Lord* Mr. Montagu: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, 10

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Bank Loan Act for the Payment of the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by the Governor and Company of the'

Bank of England into the Receipt of His Majesty’s-Exchequer; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Haslemer* to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess- to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, in the room of Richard Penh, Esquire, who,-since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chil--tern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, pursuant to their Comparative Address to His Majesty, rtat^iof jCW"

A Comparative State of the British Fishery carried "n on at Newfoundland, in the Years 1763, 1764 — 1773, presented.

1774 — and, from the Year 1784 to the Year 1790, inclusive-

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to‘Newtown the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newtown, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Richard Worsley, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly- Royal Assent neux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: 10

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased ’ to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for the Payment of the Sum of Fire hundred thousand Pounds, by the Governor and Company

of

41 Geo. III.

10" fmiL

707

of the Bank of England,into the Receipt of Hife Majesty’s Exchequer:

An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported:

An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making more effectual Provision for " the Government of the Province of in North

" America and to make, further Provision for the Government of the said Province:

An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Re-

lha PoBCiUlfi. thnPAin /jafl/nnkn/j (r>nm harlnm

Ptl MlVIlOj UK/ X vrowilo CIlCIvlll UODvl lUUUj (I will vVtttUIi

Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject:

An Act to continue, lor a limited Time, and to amend, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, for a " limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British K Vessels from the Coast of

An Act for better protecting the several Oyster Fisheries within this Kingdom:

An Act for the better regulating of Gaols and other Places of Confinement:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of , in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn,near to the City of Worcester:

An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and certain Lords of Manors and other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the Wastes and Commons, and the Old Common Salt Marshes, lying on the South Side of the said River, below, or to the North East of Greenfield Gate, in the County of Flint, and an Award made in Consequence thereof:

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of lamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices:

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other Streets and Places communicating with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same:

An Act for continuing and amending certain Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through High gate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Neivenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from High gate aforesaid to Cooper's Comer, in the said County of Sussex; and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with One of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, made for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgoio, and by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Strathaven, and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Ayr, at or near Lochgate, to the Town of Strathaven; and for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Airdrie towards the City of Glasgow, through the Village of Shettleston, till it falls into the Great Road from Murrichall to the said City; and for repairing the Road from the said Great Road, by Drygate and Whitehill, to Camtyne, and for repairing and widen-Vol. 46.

ing several other Roads; and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Theevesfoord; and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glasgow:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Cecit,

Esquire, with Emma Vernon, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hope, in the County of Flint, and also a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground in the Townships of Lower Kinnertoti and within the Manor and Parish of Dbdkstoh, in the County of Chester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open arid Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands,' within the Parish of Alconbury with Weston, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act to enable Baldwin Dirppa Hancorn, of Hol-lingbourne, in the county of .Kent, Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppds pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Du late of Houing-bourne aforesaid, Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable Baldwin Hancorn, Esquire, and his First and other Sons, and their Issue Male, to take, use, and bear, the Name arid Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, Esquire, deceased.

After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a most His Majesty’* Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Speech. Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen

In closing the present Session of Parliament, I cannot omit expressing My Satisfaction in that Zeal for the Public Interests with which you have applied yourselves to the Corisiderafion of the different Objects which I recommended to your Attention.

The Measures which have been adopted for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the last Year, in such a Manner as not to make any permanent Addition to the Public Burthens, and the Provisions which have been made for the good Government and Prosperity of My Subjects in Canada, call for My particular Acknowledgments.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you My Thanks for the Readiness with which you have granted the Supplies necessary for the Public Service, and for the Proof of your affectionate Attachment, in enabling Me to provide for a Part of the Charges of the Younger Branches of My Family, out of the Consolidated Fund.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I am not yet enabled to inform you of the Result of the Steps which I have taken with a View to the Reestablishment of Peace between Russia and The Porte,

It is My earnest Wish that this important Object may be effectuated in such a Manner as may contribute to the Preservation and Maintenance of the general Tranquillity of Europe. I feel, with the greatest Satisfaction, the Confidence which you have reposed in Me, and My constant Endeavours will be directed to the Pursuit of such Measures as may appear to Me best calculated to promote the Interests and Happiness of My People, which are inseparable from My own.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said,

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that Parliament this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday, the 16th prorogued. Day of August next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday, the 16th Day of August next.

Martis,

T08

Parliament prorogued.

Parliament prorogued.

16® Augusti — 3° Novembris — QO* A. 1791.

Martis, 16* Augusti;

Anno 31* Georgii III*" Regis, 1791.

1

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

Tho Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday, the 3d Day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the

3d Day of November next

Joviiy 3* die Novembris;

Anno 32* Georgii III*U Regis, 1791.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday, the 20th Day of December next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the

20th Day of December next.

Mortis, 20* die Decembris;

Anno 32* Georgii III*" Regis, 1791,

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday, the 31st Day of January next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday, the 31st Day of January next.

INDEX.

